===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-08 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2025 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Liz, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions], I will now turn the call over to Phil Gresh, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Gresh: Thank you, Liz, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. On the call today are several members of the ConocoPhillips leadership team, including Ryan Lance, Chairman and CEO Bill Bullock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Andy O'Brien, Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial, Sustainability and Technology Nick Olds, Executive Vice President, Lower 48 and Kirk Johnson, Senior Vice President of Global Operations. Ryan and Bill will kick off the call with opening remarks, after which the team will be available for your questions. For the Q&A, we will be taking one question per caller. A few quick reminders. First, along with today's release, we have published supplemental financial materials and a slide presentation, which you can find on the Investor Relations website. Second, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results may differ due to factors noted in today's release and in our periodic SEC filings. And we will make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to our nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in today's release or on our website. With that, I will turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Phil, and thank you to everyone for joining our first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Before we cover the details of our first quarter results, some comments on the macro. Clearly, the current environment is marked by both uncertainty and volatility. Outlooks for global economic growth and oil demand have been revised lower. And on the supply side, OPEC plus is unwinding voluntary cuts quicker than expected. And as a result, oil prices have softened relative to the first quarter. However, the ultimate depth and duration of this current price environment remains unclear. And as I've said in the past, ConocoPhillips is built for this with clear competitive advantages. We have a deep durable and diverse portfolio. We have decades of inventory below our $40 per barrel WTI cost of supply threshold, both in the US and internationally. And our advantaged US inventory position in particular should become increasingly evident as the market sorts through the inventory haves and have nots in the current environment. We believe we are the clear leader of the haves. And we have a disciplined capital allocation framework that is battle tested through the cycles. In addition, our company is executing well. Our integration of Marathon Oil is progressing ahead of schedule. And we are finding additional opportunities to enhance capital efficiency and reduce costs across the entire organization, as reflected in our updated guidance, which includes about $0.5 billion reduction to our capital spending and a $200 million reduction in operating costs, while keeping our production guidance unchanged. So we are delivering the same volume for less, less capital and reduced operating costs. And we will keep working to further advance this plan as the year progresses. We'll also continue monitoring the macro environment. We have flexibility in our capital program we could exercise should conditions warrant. We've been here before and we know how to manage through a more challenging environment. With respect to return of capital, we distributed 2.5 billion to shareholders in the first quarter. We believe our shares represent a very attractive investment at these prices and we will continue returning a significant portion of our cash flow to our shareholders, consistent with our long term track record of distributing 45% of our annual CFO. To close out my commentary, while I recognize the current focus is on the near term macro uncertainties, we are playing the long game. I'll remind everyone that our fundamental long term value proposition is truly differentiated. We have a deep, durable and diverse portfolio with decades of high quality, low cost supply inventory to develop. And we are on the cusp of a compelling multi-year free cash flow growth trajectory, led by our high quality, longer cycle investments in Alaska and LNG. This underlying improvement in our free cash flow will structurally lower our breakeven and increase our capacity to return capital to shareholders. Finally, you'll also have seen our announcement this morning that Bill Bullock has decided to retire after 39 years of service to the company. And then Andy O'Brien will take over as CFO. Bill has been an outstanding colleague and an integral part of our executive leadership team. I know you will all join me in congratulating Bill on an exemplary career and wishing him well in retirement. Now, I'll hand it over to Bill for the last time to cover our first quarter performance and 2025 guidance in more detail.
Bill Bullock: Well, thanks, Ryan. Shifting to our first quarter performance. As Ryan mentioned, we started 2025 with another quarter of strong execution across the portfolio. We produced 2.389 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, exceeding the high end of our production guidance for the quarter. And in Lower 48, production averaged one 1.462 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, with 816,000 in the Permian, 379,000 in the Eagle Ford and 212,000 in the Bakken. Internationally, production continued to ramp up at Surmont Pad 267 in Canada and Nuna in Alaska. And we completed the largest winter construction season at Willow, achieving critical milestones. Regarding first quarter financials, we generated $2.09 per share in adjusted earnings. First quarter CFO was $5.5 billion inclusive of $200 million of APLNG distributions. Operating working capital was a $650 million tailwind in the quarter, benefiting from the previously guided one-time cash tax benefit associated with the Marathon acquisition, as well as changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable. Capital expenditures were $3.4 billion. And on return of capital, we returned $2.5 billion to shareholders, including $1.5 billion in buybacks and $1 billion in ordinary dividends. That represents 45% of CFO returned in the quarter, consistent with our long term track record. And we ended the quarter with cash and short term investments of $7.5 billion plus $1 billion in long term liquid investments. Now turning to our outlook for the year. Full year production guidance remains unchanged. We still expect to deliver low single digit production growth at this lower level of capital spending. For the second quarter, we expect production to be in a range of 2.34 to 2.38 MBOE per day, including approximately 40,000 barrels per day of planned turnarounds. We expect the second quarter to be our peak turnaround activity for the year, with the triennial turnaround at Ekofisk Norway and a turnaround at Qatar. Then third quarter turnarounds should be around 25,000 barrels per day, primarily in Alaska. For capital, we now expect to spend between $12.3 billion and $12.6 billion for the full year or about $0.5 billion lower than our prior guidance of approximately $12.9 billion. This is the result of continued capital efficiency improvements and plan optimization. Now second quarter capital should be similar to the first quarter and then decline materially over the back half of the year. On adjusted operating costs, we have lowered our guidance range by $200 million to $10.7 billion to $10.9 billion primarily due to ongoing cost optimization efforts. We expect our full year effective corporate tax rate to be a bit higher than prior guidance of 36% to 37% percent range, excluding one-time items, and this is due to geographic mix. We expect an effective cash tax rate to be roughly in line with book tax, which is a function of discrete items in the first quarter. Now moving to cash flows. Full year APLNG distributions are now expected to be $800 million primarily due to lower pricing. From a timing perspective, we expect the remaining $600 million of distributions for this year to be in the third quarter with no APLNG distributions in the second or fourth quarter. In terms of working capital, we expect a modest use of cash on a full year basis. This includes an operating working capital outflow of $800 million in the second quarter related to normal timing of tax payments, as well as the unwinding of the $800 million investing working capital tailwind from the first quarter over the remainder of the year. So to wrap up, ConocoPhillips had a strong start to 2025. The teams executed well operationally. We continue to improve our plan and deliver on our strategic initiatives across our deep, durable and diverse portfolio. And amid a more volatile macro environment, we remain focused on delivering competitive returns on and of capital to our shareholders, while maintaining our A rated balance sheet. And our long term value proposition remains compelling with a differentiated free cash flow growth trajectory and the strongest Lower 48 inventory position of any operator. That concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn it over to the operator to start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question and answer session. In the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Our first question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Bill, congratulations to you, 39 incredible. And Andy, congratulations to you as well. In your honor, Bill, let's ask a return of capital question and cash flow question, which is you guys had $2.5 billion of capital return in the first quarter, very much tracking towards the $10 billion number. We're obviously in a softer commodity macro than we were in the first quarter. But do you still view the $10 billion as an attainable number? And given the fact that you acknowledge the stock is undervalued, would you be willing to take on debt in order to support the shrinking of the share count?
Ryan Lance: Yeah, let me take that one Neil and thanks for the shout out for Bill. He's been an integral part of our team and with me for a long period. So I thank him a lot for all his support. Yeah, step back for a minute, Neil, just a little bit. CFO based distribution framework has been unchanged for a number of years. And you correctly pointed out in the first quarter and for the last number of- multi-year history, we've been in the mid 40% or as I said in my commentary, the 45% return of capital back to our shareholders. And we've been able to sustain that because of really the quality, the depth, the duration of the portfolio, the low cost supply nature of that, the depth of that inventory and the duration that we have as well as allowed us to sustain that. And all the while, we've been investing for future growth of our CFO and our free cash flow, as we've talked about with the projects that are coming on. And I think or we think that's unmatched by any other E&P in this business. So the future looks very, very bright for the company too. Now as we assess our CFO, which then leads to distributions each quarter for the year, I think a great place to start is assuming that 45% or mid-40% distribution against that CFO. And that's what we've been counting on. And as you've indicated, we have cash on the balance sheet. So we're willing to use some of that if we need to as we go through the course of the year. Now, what does this mean for the second quarter? We still think we ought to be buying our shares and we're doing that. But as we kind of go into second quarter reflective of where the macro is at, it probably represents a couple hundred million reduction in the second quarter relative to the first quarter. And we're still looking to see where commodity prices are going and what it means for the third and fourth quarter and we'll deal with those as we see the course of the year play out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley.
DevinMcDermott: Thanks for taking my question and echo the congrats Bill to you and Andy to you as well. I wanted to ask on the capital side. So it looks like the reduction in this year's budget is largely efficiency driven. Would love to get a little bit more detail on the drivers. And then kind of stepping back, I think over the years, you've been very consistent about the strategy of investing through the cycle to maximize returns. Ryan, in your remarks, you mentioned flexibility in the program if needed. So I'd love to you just elaborate on how you're thinking about that flexibility and at what price levels or macro conditions you might utilize it?
Andy O’Brien: Devin, this is Andy. I can start with that one. As pointed out, we have reduced the capital this year to a range of $12.3 billion to $12.6 billion. So that's about zero five billion dollars reduction. And it really is a combination of capital efficiency improvements across the portfolio and then plan optimization. The capital reduction, it does not include any material changes to the scope in the Lower 48 versus our prior guidance. As you saw, it didn't have any real impact on our production guidance for the full year. It's also probably also worth pointing out that already within our guidance sort of from the last quarter and again now, we've been factoring in a drop in activity in the Lower 48 as we get Marathon onto a steady state program and that remains unchanged. So the way we think about it is we've got a global portfolio. And the first thing we obviously do is we look everywhere to see where we can defer some discretionary capital that doesn't impact production. That's effectively what we've done here. I think as we're doing this, we also shouldn't lose sight of the trend we're on. We're finding ways to deliver the same level of production for less capital and less operating cost. So we kind of think we're taking a pretty measured approach here. We want to take our time to better understand when any potential debt or duration of any ongoing commodity price weakness. Before we determine if we really need to make any changes to our program, I would say we haven't really changed any scope of note. And for us, we're really going to just continue to focus on maximizing our returns on capital through the cycle. So we'll leave it there. And sort of I say, so at this point for us, it's kind of just a measured approach to see where things are going.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Richardson with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Richardson: Good morning. Ryan, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your current views on cost structure and opportunity for further employment improvement. I think you've started the year well with the $200 million reduction. One of the themes this quarter in the industry has been kind of resource maturity and appreciate your comments about the depth of your inventory, particularly in the Lower 48. But I'm wondering if you could talk about kind of as the industry matures, as Conoco's business kind of matures, how you think about the overall cost structure and where to go from here considering all the macro considerations you talked about?
Ryan Lance: Yeah, Steve. I think it's part of our DNA. We're constantly looking at the costs and we benchmark both our operations and our G&A across the whole world pretty constantly. We're looking at across the fence line to our fence line neighbors making sure that we're not disadvantaged in any way shape or form. So I think this is something that's built into us. We've had the opportunity now with the Marathon transaction to step back and take a look at the company, what we're doing in the center, what we're doing in the business units. And we're just trying to drive that efficiency across the whole organization just to maintain our competitive edge and maintain the competitive nature. So just watch us every quarter. We're focused on continuing to get better and these kinds of environments just make that all the more important, but it needs to be a constant thing that you do as part of your just running a company like this in a volatile macro.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Ryan, we've seen a modest activity reduction from several of your E&P peers, yet Conoco looks to be staying put in terms of your 2025 plans. I guess my question is you've built Conoco with a low cost of supply in your core basins. And how do you think about kind of balancing this low cost of supply with the macro as well as perhaps preserving precious inventory, particularly in the Lower 48?
Ryan Lance: Yeah, I can let Andy jump into around a little bit here. But yeah, I think it's right. Low cost supply wins in this business. So we're trying to drive that as much as we can in our entire inventory. And I think we've gotten ourselves to a pretty great place with the depth of the inventory and the duration. And now it's just how do you effect that program and drive the best returns on the capital that you're investing in the business. And then I can let Andy sort of provide a little bit of more about how we think about that as we execute our programs.
Andy O’Brien: Thanks, Ryan. And Arun, as Ryan said, we've got that decades of low cost supply inventory. And it's actually times like this where it's been our relentless focus on low cost supply. We've been talking about this for years now. Sometimes in sort of a higher price environment, it doesn't get quite the same focus externally. But we've remained laser focused on it. We invest in projects that generate 10% returns in a $40 world. It's one of the central tenants to our resiliency. I'd say we're not looking to try and time the market with our capital investments. And where we're sitting right now with oil prices, they're actually not that far from a mid-cycle price. What history has taught us is that we really value our steady state program. And when we look back on times like this, these are the times where you get a great opportunity to capture lower capital costs and operating costs. So that's the way we think about it. But we're also fully aware that the market is not calling us to grow anything like 4% to 5% like we did last year. And then remember, adjusted our plan. Our plan this year is for low single digit production growth, significantly lower than last year. The way I would sort of sum it up is that we just remain very focused on delivering the returns on free cash flow and production just remains an output of our plan.
Ryan Lance: And I would finish that Arun with, look, the people that can do this are the ones that have the kind of inventory that we do. We mentioned the have and the have nots in our opening comments and companies like ours with the kind of inventory we have, have this optionality in terms of how we execute our programs. And as long as we're driving returns on and of capital that's our North Star. That's what's driving it is, as Andy said, the production growth is really an output. The real driver is cash flow and free cash flow growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research.
Doug Leggate: And Andy, it wouldn't be inaugural call as a CFO if I didn't ask you about breakeven. So I'm going to try that if I may. It's really a clarification question on the $450 million reduction. Is this coming out of growth capital in terms of doing things more efficiently? Or is it coming out of, I guess, what you would call base capital for maintaining the business? In other words, has the sustaining capital also being reset by almost $0.50 billion? And if so, what does that do to your breakeven?
Andy O’Brien: Thanks, Doug. A couple of threads there to sort of weave together. So I think as I said earlier, the capital reduction of $0.50 billion is really coming out of a combination of things in terms of where we can simply defer things that are not adding production this year with basically a very negligible impact next year. There's obviously sort of when we go through sort of the prices coming down, we're starting to see some capture deflation. So we always say when we talk about breakevens, does give a bit of a hypothetical conversation because if price goes down, we would expect some deflation. So I'd say it's a mix of things that where we're seeing where we can do things cheaper and we're basically making sure that we're where we can push scope out, where it doesn't have any impact on our production. We're not really playing with rigs and frac crews, we're going to do that. So yes, over time, it reduces our breakeven. But to put it quite clearly where we are with breakeven, this year our free cash flow breakeven is in the mid-40s and the dividend will add about $10 to that. And really importantly, that includes all of the pre productive CapEx that we've got going on, on our major projects, which is about $7. So as you look sort of through this year and going forward, we talk about our free cash flow inflection, this is exactly where you'll start to see it with breakeven coming down into the low 30s as we start to basically reduce the capital and we see the projects coming on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nitin Kumar with Mizuho.
Nitin Kumar: Good afternoon guys and Bill congratulations on the retirement. Maybe I'll take it away from the macro for a minute and talk over your long cycle projects. You mentioned that you hit some critical milestones at Willow. I'd love to hear a little bit more about that. And then I think the spending in Alaska was just north of $1 billion this year or this quarter. How can we look for it to trend over the next few quarters as you get into the later phases of that project?
Kirk Johnson: Nitin, this is Kirk. I can take that one. Certainly as you're pointing to with your question, execution here in first quarter on our Willow project was very important and the project team delivered the key milestones that were required to ensure that this project remains on track fully in support of our first oil in 2029. We saw really good progress up there. We ramped to roughly 2,400 people on the North Slope, which again reaffirms that this was our peak winter construction season. And again, a little bit of kudos to the folks up there, really strong safety performance. We saw some really strong efficiencies in a broad span of work across those activities. So on that winter construction, we're now roughly 50%, if not slightly better on completion of all of our civil scopes. So when you hear that, think roads, pads, bridges. And we've got about 80 miles of pipeline installed. And very importantly, we executed a horizontal directional drill underneath one of the key waterways and that allows us to connect East West pipelines, again continued build out of that infrastructure. And as you've heard from me before, really critical this year as well was that operation center pad. So those modules that we see lifted up there here last year, those are now set on the pad. We opened our Willow construction camp and that becomes important because it allows us to begin construction work on the North Slope a bit more throughout the year as opposed to being completely confined to the winter season. And then outside of Alaska, engineering fabrication on our processing modules that continues to go well. And then of course key for us here this year being our second major season on this project is procurement activities and sourcing activities. And so we do expect to source and receive a bulk of the engineered equipment that's required to procure again for those process modules and as well as all this forward-looking work that we have on the slope. And so here by year end, we'll have 90% to 95% of that work sourced and that brings even more certainty just to understanding how this will continue to play out for us in a positive way. So again, peak capital, we guided you a bit to about a third of total spend here. This year will be in the first three to four months of this year. We're seeing that actualize for us and so we expect capital to continue to taper down through the remainder of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lloyd Byrne with Jefferies.
Lloyd Byrne: Bill, congratulations and thank you for all your help over the years. Ryan, you talked a lot about what separates Conoco and the advantages you have going forward, including all the free cash you have coming. So would you use your balance sheet and your asset sales and lean in a little bit on going above that 45% return to shareholders going forward?
Ryan Lance: Well, I think, Lloyd, I was trying to guide to sort of the 45% feels about right for where we are in cycle. Obviously, these kind of commodity prices, if you think about it, it may require a little bit of use of cash on the balance sheet. But as Bill described in his opening remarks, we stand in a pretty good shape. We think buying our shares makes sense right now. We're not going to drop off that at all. And a small factoid in the last four to five months, we bought nearly 20% of the Marathon shares back in. So we think that's important and we know that returns of capital are important, but I would probably anchor on the mid 45% of our CFO. And that may have some impact on net debt, but we're not intending to borrow gross debt to do this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold: Yeah, thanks. Congrats, Bill and Andy. And Bill, wish you on your future endeavors. My question and look, I don't want to belabor this sort of macro kind of question and what does Conoco do, but I'm going try a bit of a different angle at it. And Ryan, you talked about the haves and have nots where Conoco is advantaged. But if we do have a weaker macro environment, what do you think should happen in the industry? Should it be companies with higher cost of supply should be the first to cut and companies like Conoco show a little bit more resilience? Or do larger companies like Conoco need to take a leadership role in making some of the first cuts?
Ryan Lance: Obviously, the folks that don't have the kind of cost of supply sitting in their portfolio are going to find themselves cash strapped and return strapped. So they're obviously the balance sheets are pretty good shape across the industry better than we were in the last downturn, but you'll see a lot of activity cut back. And presumably what you're talking about is a price outlook that is well below 60. So into the 50s or the low 50s. And I think you'll see even some of the larger companies, I think if we found ourselves thinking that the remainder of the year was going to be in the low 50s, we would be looking probably at additional scope kinds of opportunities within our company too. But again, we have to assess whether we think that's going to be here for a quarter or a month or two months? Or is that kind of the new normal and lower for longer kind of view there. So I go back to kind of our prevailing view of the macro and that is while demand is come off a little bit from our current think of a million barrels a day, it's still our view in '25 is probably 8 million barrels of additional demand growth in 2025 and that's not stopping. And Yao Pek [ph] is doing their thing to put some softness in market. But remind people $60 is pretty close to our mid cycle planning price. So you shouldn't expect a lot of things to change out of our company at these kinds of price, because we're built for it, we can handle the volatility, got a great balance sheet. We know we're executing low cost supply, we're delivering the efficiencies that Andy and Nick are driving and what Kirk talked about in the operating side of the business. And so we're really focused on doing that. Would we have to look at potentially doing something different at 50? Sure, we would. But that's not our view today And doesn't represent where we think the market is going to be for the next few years. All things could change, but that's kind of why for us it's, you know, don't whipsaw this thing too hard right now. And use some of the strengths that we have as a company because we can't because of the portfolio that we're investing in and the opportunity set that's in front of us. So don't overreact, but don't put your head in the sand either.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Maybe one on a follow-up on the Marathon integration. I think it would appear that it's going well given your guidance on capital and operational cost reduction. So maybe can you talk about how that integration is going? What you're seeing on the operational front? You've called out Eagle Ford performance. So maybe any update would be great.
Andy O’Brien: Ryan. Andy here. I can start that one and maybe Nick might have a couple of comments to add too. So I'd it really feels pretty good to have the first full quarter of Marathon behind us and things are going really well. The integration is tracking ahead of schedule. We're making great progress on a $1 billion of synergy captures. And we continue to find more opportunities as a combined company. It is actually one of the drivers to why we're able to lower our capital operating guidance and the improvements we've announced today. What I'd say on the capital side is we're already delivering capital synergies of over $500 million. So that started day one. And what's particularly pleasing is we're continuing to see efficiency improvements come forward. An example I can give you and maybe Nick can add to it is that this quarter our teams achieved record drilling performance in Eagle Ford. And what was particularly pleasing about that is they were leveraging combined best practices from both companies. So they're the kinds of things that we're still continuing to get. Then on the cost side of it, we're also ahead of schedule. We're seeing opportunities for additional synergies in areas that we really couldn't evaluate pre close, particularly on the commercial side of the business. Again, examples there would be that we've got opportunities in areas like crude lending and midstream contracts that we didn't have factored in that we can now see. And of course, we're actually realizing synergies in the first quarter from things like the debt transaction we did that lowered our interest costs and the day one employee exit. So that's right on track. As we previously guided, we'd expect to see the synergy pace accelerate during the second half of the year as we ramp up merging all the systems. We remain very confident that we're going to exit the year achieving the cost and S&J synergies for that run rate of $500 million.
Nick Olds: Maybe one just final comment I'll make is we don't consider this a synergy because it's we think of it as a onetime. But we got tax benefits from this transaction, too. Between the foreign tax credit utilization and the NOLs associated with Marathon, that's about $1 billion of incremental value that we're getting from the transaction above and beyond the synergies. So I would just say that we're really pleased with how things are going. And so we're getting it integrated into our company, I think, pretty seamlessly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Betty Jiang with Barclays.
Betty Jiang: Ryan, I really appreciate all the color on the cash return framework. If I'm hearing it, if the cash return is closer to the mid-40s of cash flow from ops going forward, If I could ask on the flip side of that, is it fair to think you will be more willing to let reinvestment rate run a bit higher given where you are in the investment cycle on the major capital projects? I guess what I'm trying to get to is, is there a level of outspend that you feel less comfortable for the next couple of years?
Ryan Lance: Well, I think we've kind of factored that into the plans that we've talked about, Betty. The absolute worst thing to do right now is to try to whipsaw these long cycle investments. So we're not trying to slow Willow down or we're not trying to create inefficiencies in that and we're not equally important not trying to do that on the LNG side. So depending on where the price goes and what our CFO is, obviously our reinvestment rate will be a little bit higher as you kind of factor that in. But I'll remind you back when we showed a 10-year plan, what we've done with the company, over time as our cash flow goes and free cash flow as these projects come on, the reinvestment rate falls, the breakeven falls, the reinvestment rate falls that's really the reason why we're doing these projects to begin with. We can't always anticipate what the commodity price cycle is going to look like through that. But we know these projects are sub $40 cost of supply, they can compete and they deliver a good rate of return based on our view of the mid cycle price call because they're low cost of supply. So there's things shareholders should be wanting us to invest in for the future growth and development of the company. But yeah, there'll be some natural ups and downs in our reinvestment rate as we go through that. And the shorter cycle stuff is where we have the flexibility and today we're choosing not to exercise that because we have a longer term view, but we always have that flexibility as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Bill, just want to say thank you that with all the insight and help over the number of years. And Andy, welcome to that- congratulation on the new role. Ryan, I don't know whether this is a fair question. If we look at your inventory in the Lower 48 is probably one of the best in the industry. But we have heard from a lot of your competitors talking about how we are in the late innings in the shale oil anyway and inventory will become far more difficult. So with that in mind, do you think that Conoco need to start more maybe aggressively diversify away from the Lower 48 into your other area of operation? If you think that is a reasonable approach with the potential downturn typically opportunity arise and which you have captured the opportunity in the past. So with that, is there any areas or asset type you would like to expand into or that substantially increase your existing position?
Ryan Lance: Yeah, long detailed question, Paul. I think, look, cost of supplies are North Star. We're a bit indifferent is to gas, oil, US Lower 48, international. We like the diversity in the portfolio. All things being equal, there are areas we'd like you would like to grow to kind of offset profile maybe the unconventional. But look, it's all about the cost of supply first and foremost. And we like adding more resource that is low cost of supply into our portfolio and into our company. Inorganically doing that at this point, it's a pretty high bar in the company because we obviously have a differentiated portfolio both in terms of the cost of supply and its depth and duration as well. So we don't need to do anything, but we watch the market, we monitor it, we know what we like and what we don't like. So we pay close attention to it, but we're first and foremost focused on delivering our plans and delivering what we've got in the portfolio and executing whether it's in Norway, Alaska, Canada, Lower 48, The Middle East, or the Far East. So having that diversity is important. We like it. But we're not trying to go after it if that ends up being a higher cost of supply that just doesn't fit our model.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Silverstein with UBS.
Josh Silverstein: My question was going to be on the percent of capital allocation to the long cycle projects going forward. Ryan, you mentioned the free cash flow is starting to increase going forward because the spending from these four big projects are starting to roll off. I think it's around 25% of the budget this year on those projects. Can you just talk about the capital allocation going forward? Does that 25% trend over the next few years towards 15%? Or do you start backfilling some of these projects as they come online?
Ryan Lance: When we just tried to signal what the cash flow and free cash flow inflection is coming as these projects come online, we don't have another Willow and another big batch of LNG things sitting on the cupboard waiting to fall into the execution plan. So no, at this point, you ought to see the capital start ramping down commensurate with the completion of those projects. And the CFO going up as those projects come online and the free cash flow going up at an even faster pace because not only is the CFO coming up, we see a drop off in the capital that's being invested. That doesn't mean that we're starving Alaska and Norway and Canada with investment. We're still investing in those base businesses just like we're doing today and that continues and then we're obviously investing in the Lower 48 and over time would expect to see some ramping activity there as well over time. But that's all part of our base plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners.
Kevin McCurdy: Hey, good morning and thanks for taking my question. Just on the quarter, I mean, looks like you guys had a really good operational quarter, but cash flows kind of missed the mark a little bit. And to tell us that looks to be driven by cash taxes. Can you talk a little bit about why the cash taxes were higher in the first quarter and what your outlook is for the remainder of the year?
Ryan Lance: Well, thanks, Kevin. We wanted to get Bill in on this call. So that seems like an appropriate thing for Bill to talk about.
Bill Bullock: Yes, I think I've got that one, Kevin. So first, let me just say thank you to everybody. It's been an absolute privilege for 39 with the company. I've enjoyed working with our investors and the analyst community over the last five years. And you're in great hands. You know Andy really, really well. So one last time talking about taxes. So sure, we had some deferred tax movement in the quarter. And so let me just put this in total context. When we started the year, we gave guidance to an effective tax rate of 36% to 37%, and an effective cash tax rate of 35% to 36%. Based on our updated forecast, our full year effective tax rate is in the high 30s, it's probably closer to right at 40%. That's due to a shift in the mix of income. We're seeing an increased percentage of our income in higher tax jurisdictions such as Norway and Libya. And so it's pretty normal when that happens for your effective tax rate to go up a bit. And then for the full year, as you spot our cash tax rate is expected to be a bit higher. We're expecting it to be the same as our effective tax rate. That's due largely to some discrete deferred tax items related to the Lower 48 dispositions, which showed up in this quarter. As you know, discrete items are really difficult to forecast. You can see them in our deferred tax headwind in our cash flow statements for this quarter. So we had a headwind rather than our normal tailwind for deferred taxes. Now on an underlying basis, if you exclude those discrete items for the Lower 48 dispositions, we're continuing to realize underlying deferred tax benefits from IDCs as normal and the MRO NOLs that we've talked about, those are rolling through the system. But what you're really seeing here is a onetime discrete issue associated with dispositions in Lower 48.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leo Mariani with ROTH.
Leo Mariani: Wanted to just see if you guys could provide a little bit more color on the $500 million that was cut from the budget. Certainly understand that these areas were things that don't necessarily impact near term production here in 2025. But perhaps you could talk a little bit about more kind of what these things were, what countries they were located in? It sounds like there could be a little bit of kind of medium term production impact, but presumably you can go and spend more money if prices recover on some of that eventually.
Ryan Lance: Sure. I can take that one. It's I think I kind of really gave the answer earlier. It's for lack of a better term, it's basically sort of all over our global portfolio. There's a little bit of deflation and optimization. There's nothing here specifically that's having any production impact this year. I'd also add that it has a negligible impact on production next year. Not really any one specific thing that I would call out. It's an inventory list of the first things we do when we look to sort of where can we tighten the belt and reduce some capital, but nothing really of note I'd want to call out really spread across the entire company.
Bill Bullock: Yeah, that's what I would say Leo. It's a bit in Kirk's area and in Nick's area. So it's not any one particular area or any one particular category.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: I just wanted to follow-up in the context of talking about lower cost of supply over time. You guys more or less completed your asset sale target post the Marathon deal with the most recent divestiture. How do you guys think about the cadence, if any, of non-core asset sales over the next few years? Or do you feel like you've sort of optimized the portfolio at this point?
Ryan Lance: Yeah, David, I think we're always optimizing the portfolio. And I think as we kind of scrub the assets and scrub the portfolio, there's hundreds of millions to $0.5 billion of asset sales that we do each year. Coming out of the Marathon transaction, we identified a couple billion dollars of targeted asset sales. So that probably is a little bit at the high end, but we're constantly testing all of our assets. We don't get in love with anything and if the cost of supply of future investments start rising in those assets, we tell our teams you've got time to figure it out, is there technology, more efficiencies that we can bring in to make sure that those investments are competitive in the portfolio. If not, then sometimes the asset will move into a different category in the company and we'll look to move it out of portfolio if it makes sense. But I would say the big things yes, have been done. It's just more of the little cleanup things that we do just really every year.
Operator: That concludes today's question and answer session. This will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-06 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the fourth quarter 2024 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Liz, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. During the question and answer session, if you have a question, please press I will now turn the call over to Phil Gresh, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Gresh: Thank you, Liz, and welcome everyone to our fourth earnings conference call. On the call today are several members of the ConocoPhillips leadership team, including Ryan Lance, Chairman and CEO, Bill Bullock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Andy O'Brien, Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial, Sustainability and Technology, Nick Olds, Executive Vice President, and Kirk Johnson, Senior Vice President of Global Operations. I also want to formally welcome Guy Baber, the former Vice President of Investor Relations from Marathon Oil, who has joined the investor relations team here at ConocoPhillips. Ryan and Bill will kick off the call with opening remarks, after which the team will be available for questions. For the Q&A, we'll be taking one question per caller. A few quick reminders. First, along with today's release, we published supplemental financial materials in a slide presentation, which you can find on the investor website. Second, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results may differ due to factors noted in today's press release and in our periodic SEC filings. We'll be making some non-GAAP financial metric references. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in the release and on our website. With that, let me turn it over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Phil, and let me extend my welcome to everybody for joining our fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. 2024 was certainly another strong year for ConocoPhillips. We executed well operationally, and on a standalone basis delivered 4% production growth year over year, which was above the high end of our full-year guidance range. We showed strong performance across the entire portfolio, delivering 5% growth in the lower 48 and 3% growth in Alaska and international on the same basis. And we delivered a 123% preliminary organic reserve replacement ratio in 2024. Our three-year average is now 131%. Also enhanced the portfolio. We closed the acquisition of Marathon in late November, which added high-quality, low-cost supply inventory to our portfolio. And we remain confident that we will deliver more than $1 billion of run-rate synergies by the end of 2025, over half of which is included in our capital guidance. In Alaska, we opportunistically exercised our preferential rights to acquire additional working interest at attractive valuations, in Caparack River, and Perito Bay units. We progressed our global LNG strategy through additional regasification and sales agreements into Europe and Asia. And as we announced this morning, we're making solid progress on our planned $2 billion of asset sales, have agreements in place to sell non-core lower 40 assets for approximately $600 million before customer adjustments in the first half of 2025. We continue to deliver on our returns-focused value proposition. We generated a trailing twelve-month return on capital employed of 14%, or 15% on a cash-adjusted basis. We returned $9.1 billion of capital to our shareholders, representing 45% of our CFO consistent with our long-term track record and well above our 30% commitment. Now looking ahead to 2025, we remain confident in the plan that we outlined in our third-quarter call. To deliver low single-digit production growth for $12.9 billion of CapEx in the lower 48 on a pro forma basis, we plan to reduce capital spending by over 15% year over year while still delivering low single-digit production growth. This is primarily due to expected material synergy capture associated with the acquisition of Marathon and significant drilling and completion. We also expect to grow production in Alaska and Canada. And we are doing all of this while continuing to invest in differentiated high-return, longer-cycle projects. Now on these projects, we're making steady progress across the board. We expect 2025 to be the peak year of our long-cycle spending at around $3 billion, followed by a steady stream of project startups from 2026 to 2029. Once these projects are all online, we expect $3.5 billion of incremental CFO from NFV Port Arthur, NFS, and Willow. All combined at $70 WTI, $10 TTF, and $4 Henry Hub. And that leads to roughly $6 billion of incremental annual sustaining free cash flow relative to 2025. Shifting to shareholder distributions, this morning, we announced a target to return $10 billion back to shareholders this year, assuming current commodity prices. This consists of $4 billion of ordinary dividends and $6 billion in buybacks, positioning us to execute on our objectives to retire the equivalent of the shares issued for the Marathon transaction within two to three years, even with lower WTI prices than at the time of the announcement. So in conclusion, once again, I'm proud of the accomplishments of the entire organization. Our portfolio is well-positioned to generate competitive returns and cash flow for decades to come. Now let me turn the call over to Bill to cover our fourth-quarter performance and 2025 guidance in more detail.
Bill Bullock: Thanks, Ryan. In the fourth quarter, we generated $1.98 per share in adjusted earnings. Now we had a number of special items in the quarter. The two largest were related to the Marathon acquisition. First, we recorded over $400 million of transaction and integration-related expenses. Now this was mostly offset by over $400 million of tax benefits resulting from the utilization of certain foreign tax credits associated with the Marathon acquisition. Both of these items were largely non-cash in the quarter, and the one-time cash benefit will show up as a working capital tailwind in the first quarter of this year. And it is in addition to the NOLs associated with the Marathon acquisition that we expect to recognize over the next few years. Transaction-related costs will gradually flow through working capital during 2025, as we achieve our premise synergies. Shifting to fourth-quarter operations, we produced 2,183,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This included one month of production from the acquired Marathon assets, which added 126,000 barrels per day to the quarter. Excluding Marathon's production, we achieved 8% underlying growth year over year. This is above the high end of our guidance range. Now inclusive of one month of Marathon, Lower 48 produced 1,308,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And by basin, we produced 833,000 in the Permian, 296,000 in Eagle Ford, and 151,000 in the Bobcat. Moving to cash flows, fourth-quarter CFO was over $5.4 billion, and this included over $250 million of AP LNG distributions. Operating working capital was a $1 billion headwind in the quarter, primarily due to normal changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable. Capital expenditures were $3.3 billion, which included approximately $400 million for spending related to acquisitions that was not premised in guidance. We returned more than $2.8 billion to shareholders, including just under $2 billion in buybacks and $900 million in ordinary dividends in the quarter. We also completed a series of strategic debt transactions following the acquisition of Marathon. These transactions simplified our capital structure, extended the weighted average maturity of our portfolio, lowered our weighted average coupon rate, and reduced near-term maturities. Ended the year with cash and short-term investments of $6.4 billion and had $1.1 billion in long-term liquid investments. Turning to guidance, we forecast 2025 production to be in the range of 2.34 to 2.38 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. This takes into account 20,000 barrels per day of planned turnarounds. Turnarounds are expected to be highest in the second quarter with a triennial turnaround at Ecofiska Norway, a turnaround Accutar, and maintenance in Australia. Then in the third quarter, we will have turnarounds in Alaska. For the first quarter, we expect production to also be in a range of 2.34 to 2.38 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. This guidance reflects a 20,000 per day impact on the full quarter from January weather events. We expect a minimal first-quarter impact from turnarounds, and that's similar to the fourth quarter. For capital spending, our full-year guidance is approximately $12.9 billion. On slide eight of the presentation material, we provide a pro forma bridge from 2024 to 2025 with some of the key year-over-year variables. In the lower 48, we expect to reduce spending by approximately $1.4 billion. And for long-cycle projects, we expect to see a $400 million increase in spending to roughly $3 billion in 2025, inclusive of capitalized interest of about $400 million. Finally, in Alaska International, we expect to see a $200 million increase in spending driven by our growth opportunities in Canada and Alaska. Shifting to cost guidance, we expect full-year adjusted operating costs to be in the range of $10.9 billion to $11.1 billion. Full-year cash exploration expenses are expected to be $300 million. Dollars and full-year DD and A expense is expected to be in the range of $11.3 billion. Full-year adjusted corporate segment net loss guidance is approximately $1.1 billion, and we expect our effective corporate tax rate to be in the 36-37% range at strip pricing. Excluding any one-time items, with an effective cash tax rate, the 35-36% range. Finally, on cash flows, we expect full-year APLNG distributions to be about $1 billion, with about $200 million in the first quarter. So to wrap up, ConocoPhillips had a strong year in 2024. Executed well operationally. We're continuing to deliver on our strategic initiatives, across our deep, durable, and diverse portfolio, and we remain highly competitive on our shareholder distributions. Concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back over to the operator to start the Q&A.
Operator: In the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have a question, please press star one one on your touch-tone phone. If you're using a speakerphone, you may need to pick up the handset first before pressing the numbers. Once again, if you have a question, our first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah. Good morning. Good afternoon. Ryan, you outlined the 10% increase in cash return to $10 billion. You know, I'm sure the company scrutinized its approach to cash return in 2025 just given how many price volatility and obviously the recent close of Marathon. But I wanted to see if we get some insights on what drove your ultimate decision terms of 2025 to give a quantum of cash return? And how should we think about potential flex and cash return either higher or lower, you know, given potential commodity price changes?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Arun. You know, I think when we set the new strategy for the company way back in 2016, certainly, delivering a lot of our significant amount of our cash back to the shareholder, and I think that that's something that's important to the company. Important to demonstrate. We can continue to do that, and I think it's represented in what we kinda set as our target for 2025. I think as we looked at it, we obviously take a look at the forward curve and things are developing in 2025. We take our own view. We have lots of commodity markers that drive our CFOs. We go through the course of the year, but I think despite the recent downdrafts in the WTI, here over the last month, we felt pretty comfortable at $10 billion. And look, you know, I remind people we have a lot of torque to the upside on commodity prices, and look at our past behavior over the number of years, we've been sharing that with our shareholders. A reminder, if you look at the whole company, a good rule of thumb is about $400 million for every dollar of TI movement. So, obviously, if we get five or ten dollars of uplift, that's pretty significant cash flow to the company, and we typically share that with our shareholders as well. But on the downside, like, we've got a strong balance sheet ended the year with over I think, $7.5 billion of cash and long-term investments. So we've got a lot of flexibility there. And then as we announced in our prepared remarks, we're on track to dispose of about $2 billion of non-core assets, which, you know, gives us a lot of flex flexibility as we go into 2025. So putting all that together, we felt like $10 billion was a good place to start. And, you know, we'll do, like, everybody watch the volatility of the market and the commodity price, but feel pretty good about where we started the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pedro Lopez with Evercore ISI.
Steve Richardson: Hi. Good morning. It's not Pedro, but it's Steve.
Ryan Lance: Oh, hey, Steven.
Steve Richardson: No worries. Trying a new look. So I was wondering, Ryan, if we could dig in. It fits you well. Dig in a little bit in on some of the long-cycle CapEx if we could, and the outlook. Just wondering if you could kinda hit on some of the moving parts around Alaska, Qatar, thoughts on Port Arthur phase two, and are we right in kind of assuming that your equity outlays on major projects are peaking in 2025, or is that a misplaced view?
Andy O'Brien: Hey, Steve. It's Andy. Maybe I can get that one started. There's a few bits to the question. Maybe I'll start with Port Arthur phase two. And I'll get to the long-cycle capital. So on Port Arthur phase two, this is a great project. You know, it's underpinned by a premier developer. And a premier EPC company. It's also positive to see a company like Aramco, you know, showing an interest in being part of that project. But as we've said before, we took an equity stake in phase one for unique reasons which included getting the project off the ground. It came with all your options on other phases and other projects. So we're very keen to see phase two get completed. There's gonna be cost sharing across the common facilities of the two projects. So you're not interested to see, you know, phase two go. I think it's, you know, it's fair to say our primary focus is on building out offtake and regas capacity for ten to fifteen MTPA. So that's maybe that sort of gives you the background on our thinking on quarter after Phase two. Then moving to the major project capital and the pace of decline of $3 billion as we said in our prepared remarks, our capital guidance for the year is $12.9 billion and that includes $3 billion of long-cycle budget spend which this $400 million of capitalized interest. As we said, 2025 was expected to be the peak spend as we undertake the big con winter biggest winter construction season in Willow. So if you look past 2025, we are gonna see the major projects spend step down each year. The same time, we'll start to see the projects coming online delivering on our expected cash flow and free cash flow improvements. And the first one of those will be NFV in 2026. That'll be followed by, you know, Port Arthur, then NFS, we'll have Willow in 2029. So be a steady drumbeat of these projects coming on. I think the key point I want you to take away is that yeah, absolutely. We see this year as the peak as the peak spend in these projects.
Ryan Lance: And I would add to Steven that we try to say that in our opening remarks, you know, look at this this is coming. And gonna be a steady beat of project startups as Andy described. And it kind of a seventy TI, ten dollar TTF, four dollar Henry Hub. Kind of price tag, that results in, you know, three and a half billion or more of CFO but more importantly, you know, over $6 billion of free cash flow coming relative to our 2025 starting point. So all that's starting to materialize in you know, is out there. And these are great projects, low-cost supply, competitive in the portfolio, and lead to the long-term growth and development company, which we're quite excited about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggett with Wolfe Research.
Doug Leggett: Good morning, everybody. Ryan, nothing short of spectacular performance in the lower 48. And my question is that when you laid out the ten-year plan, you talked about low single-digit growth, and I think you're up 10% year over year, 4% sequentially. In the third and fourth quarter. And I have to imagine this product as efficiencies, as all the things that you talked about. My question is, do you accept that production growth on a go-forward basis or do you trim activity levels and reduce your capital? I'm just trying to understand what the philosophy is. As to how you respond to the extraordinary delivery you've had in your portfolio.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Dougie. Huge shout out to Nick and his team. They're I think he delivering some, you know, amazing efficiencies with the horizontals, the larger well pads, and just the frac and drilling efficiencies that we experienced are really good. You know, I know it's a little trite. I guess, you know, production growth is a bit of an outcome from our plans. But I think the way we kind of look at it is we think about planning cycle year over year and we got the great addition of the Marathon assets, which know, gave us another two plus billion barrels of resource sub forty dollar cost of supply. So we get to integrate that into our plans, and we build significant scale and scope, primarily Bakken in the Eagle Ford, but additional scope in the in the Permian as well. So we step back a minute. What we look at is trying to keep driving the efficiency that Nick's team is delivering for the company. So if you think about it, do you wanna lay down some next frac spreads? Well, all that does is end up building more ducts than we need to build. And you go the opposite way and say, well, why don't we cut out a couple of rig lines and and that just creates creates a problem on the frac's pride where we gotta take frac holidays and we shut frac crews down for three or four months just to keep all things balanced. So we're just trying to operate within this efficient operating window. And the Marathon transaction just gave us the opportunity to reset optimized plateaus across both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. So we kind of approach it that way. We try to set a reasonable scope going into the year, that doesn't allow us to whipsaw the organization both up or down then we try to take a look at what kind of production growth comes out of that. So it truly is an output for the plans trying to keep driving that efficiency. And I write my people back in 2022, AIM, we thought we'd be adding two, three, four rig lines a year to get the kind of growth that we're seeing we haven't done. We haven't added a single rig line over this time frame. So it's all driven around around the efficiency. Now I think the point you're getting at is, you know, what is in a in a macro that's growing maybe one, one and a half percent, is the growth too much. I think we do try to take a look at that, at the end of the day, but it's really trying to drive for capital efficiency and returns on the capital that we're getting. We just don't wanna upset that efficient machine one way or the other.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lloyd Byrne with Jefferies.
Lloyd Byrne: Hey, good afternoon, Ryan, Bill. Team. I really appreciate your comments on cash flow and CapEx. It looks to us as though consensus is embedding almost flat capital and no production growth into the future. So I think that's important. I know you answered some of it. I just can we go back and go through what you would think is a theoretical maintenance capital number as you look out and I'm also thinking about how efficient you've been in replacing dollars per approved develop in the US.
Andy O'Brien: Hi, Sandy. Yeah. I can take that one. And I think you started it off for me, though. You know, thinking of sustaining capital, you know, it is a bit philosophical because it does require being in a sustaining world. Maybe I'll try and sort of try and get them in a couple of different ways for you. If you were to take our 2025 capital of $12.9 billion, we've just cleared, that includes $3 billion of preproductive capital and we're still growing the underlying business low single digits. So if you're able to normalize that out sort of you know, in round numbers, you get to about $9 billion in the current commodity price environment we were in a you know, we were trying to just stay flat. Back at our investor meeting in 2022, so gave a different data point which was to say we could basically mean, tell you, our sustaining capital would be $6 billion that was in a sustaining world at a $40 price. The company's changed a lot since then. We, you know, we've grown with the acquisitions and our organic growth. So if you were to add Marathon or organic growth, the Sirmat acquisition, we'd be closer to about $7.5 billion you know, on an apples to apples you know, forty dollar world right now, but it is like I said, this is kinda hypothetical. You've gotta be in sort of a sustaining world before you really you can't be doing these kind of things, but if you're trying to if you're trying to model it so hopefully, that's given you a couple of different ways to serve triangulate on the same answer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betty Jiang with Barclays.
Betty Jiang: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Maybe just wanna add a bit more color on the lower forty-eight maybe from the CapEx side. The slide, that show the $1.4 billion reduction in the pro forma CapEx Marathon Synergy accounted for $500 million of that reduction. But could you just give a bit more color on what are the other drivers how much of it is efficiency gains that's lowering while cost and how much of it is development optimization that's perhaps driving a lower overall activity level. And then just if I step back for a bit, if you maintain at this CapEx level, does that mean you would be able to deliver the same low single-digit growth that you outlined before. Because of all the synergies and optimization that you're seeing with Marathon. Thanks.
Nick Olds: Well, good morning, Betty. This is Nick. Let me walk you through the few, key components related to that $1.4 billion that you mentioned. And there's it's really around the operational improvements that Ryan was mentioning. It's that meaningful synergy caps of the $500 million that we talked about there's modest deflation as well. So if I first start with the operational improvement, this is a well-established and demonstrated track record last two and a half years. The team continues to do more with less and just hats off to the team that are calling in today. We demonstrated this 2024 with similar rig and frac activity counts we delivered 15% more scope. That means more feet drilled, more stages per day, but more in through the bottom line production as we look in Q3 and Q4. Now we're gonna apply the same model, those operating efficiencies, in a level-loaded steady-state development program to the Marathon assets. So we see those efficiency improvements coming forward and that is a key component of the material synergy capture of the $500 million. Now within the synergies itself, in addition to those efficiencies. You've got items like moving on to common contracts, designs around facilities, different well programs, mud programs that are also there. Now in addition to shifting to our steady-state development program and if you recall know, Heritage Marathon were typically very, front-end, weighted with their activity then ramp down Q3, Q4. We're moving to that over time. But we're also moving our legacy positions in Eagle Ford and Bakken to an Optum plateau, and we'll reassess this as we integrate those assets. So that's another big driver. So you can think about you got the efficiencies, you got material synergy capture, you got activity optimization, and then we expect modest deflation in 2025 as well. Around $200 million. So all that gets you to the $1.4 billion. Now related to production and continuing on with that, we've looked at we've kinda demonstrated over the last two and a half years that flat activity we can grow the lower forty-eight business. We the teams that continue to drive operating efficiencies, and we do see that for years to come. At flat activity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley.
Devin McDermott: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to circle back to Alaska. Willow is a big portion of the major capital project spending, and we're in the peak construction season right now. So I was hoping you can give us a bit of an update on some of the near-term miles and remind us of the cadence we're spending on that project over the next few years and just stepping back, you know, Alaska has gotten a lot of attention from the Trump administration so far and even had its own executive order. So more broadly, could you remind us how you're thinking about the Western North Slope opportunity set and whether or not the policy environment creates more of an opportunity to move forward? Some of this over the next few years. Thanks.
Kirk Johnson: Good morning, Devin. This is Kirk. Yeah. There's a few things certainly in there to unpack. I'll start with Willow. As you did. I'm certainly happy to report that the progress we made here last year certainly inclusive of the fourth quarter and even just this last month, here in 2025, allows me to say we're really on trend. With the progress that we've been making you've been, you know, hearing from me report out simply that that project team there in Alaska just continues to hit all the key milestones that we've laid out certainly since taking FID back in late twenty-three. When I think about certainly the work that was underway in the fourth quarter and even just this last month in January, the initial mobilization of that of our winter season certainly that you point out is our largest for the project has really gone quite well. So we got a quick and early start. We got some cold weather. Ice road construction activities are I dare I say, modestly ahead of plan, which is really nice for us. It puts us in a position of taking full advantage of the full winter season knowing that we may certainly have a little bit of weather in front of us. And again, you know, to the note that this is the largest winter construction season, we're in a great position of building on all the activity. That we accomplished here last year. Again, this is a peak year of ice road construction. It's from those ice roads that we're building gravel roads, gravel pads that allows us to from those ice roads, build our pipeline networks. And then we've got a few unique activities as well here planned this winter season. Think bridge construction as well as some horizontal directional drills for pipeline crossing. So again, lots to do. And then you even go into the operation module. That you heard me speak about last year. You know, we floated those barged those up to Alaska, landed those and onshore those during the ice-free season. And those are, you know, I've got report outs just this last month that those are moving. Across into the Willow development area. So we're using crawlers to get those into the into that new pad. So again, some really good progress. We landed our contracts. Engineering's on track. That puts us in a great position for full fabrication. Across the entirety of this year. So all that culminates again, Devin, into this peak year of spend, which is why we're guiding to an expectation of project capital being roughly $500 million more than we spent in 2024. And then last, I might just help you all a little bit as well. You know, we're thinking about all of that spend and manifesting and probably close to a third of our total annual spend expectation here in 2025 showing up in the first three to four months of this year. And then so naturally then we expect the capital this year to stair step down into the second, third, and fourth quarter. And then you'd expect the same trend from us when we think about the total project spend the balance of what we've, you know, that we've guided on for the first couple of years post FID. That'll continue to stair step down with very little if any spend in 2029, which is when we're expecting first oil. So again, great progress here. Look forward to continued hitting milestones for our Willow project here in 2025. And then lastly, yes, there has certainly been quite a bit of press out there around NPRA. And I would probably back up just a little bit to say, first and foremost, I think it's important for me to emphasize that the ruling that came out on MPRA here from the prior administration doesn't affect any of the activities that we're doing up there. Whether it's in Caparra, Western Roselope, or even Willow. But we did take issue as did the state and certainly other stakeholders with that ruling and so we were pleased to see that President Trump and that administration issued an executive order to, in essence, reverse what came about here late last year. So you know, we recognize that's gonna take a little bit of time here this year. But yes, we're looking forward to partnering with the Department of Interior and especially with the state of Alaska. You know, fundamentally, we believe that continued exploration west of Willow, it's the right thing to do for energy. It's the right thing to do for the state of Alaska. And its stakeholders. And clearly, we're in a really good position. We're putting ourselves in a position to continue exploring West Willow as that's enabled for us. So again, some good news out there for us in Alaska.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, Ryan and team, or good afternoon. I just love your perspective on slide four specifically around reserve replacement. You know, there's been some discussion about how investors should interpret this number, and it's one where you appear to do pretty well on over the last couple of years. So just your thoughts on where you've been able to drive that reserve replaced in any geographies in particular that want to call out, and how we should interpret the statistic.
Andy O'Brien: Good morning, Neil. This is Andy. We agree that we know we still think that reserves and reserve placements is a really important metric to measure us and to measure oil and gas companies by. So, yeah, we're really pleased to, you know, that we're delivering yet another strong organic reserve replacement ratio this year we said in the prepared remarks, that's 123%. A little bit of color I can add to that. You know, we're doing that while you know, growing our annual production and also in an environment where prices fell which, you know, that part results in downward revisions due to market factors. So we're particularly pleased that given back, there's still having, you know, above a hundred percent reserve replacement. Specifically to, you know, where it's coming from, again, particularly pleased here in terms of the balance we have know, our lower forty-eight organic reserve replacement ratio excluding market factors was over a hundred percent again. Were able to make the first initial booking on the NFS project. And then, you know, now that we have, you know, ownership of complete ownership of Sirmont, we're progressing somewhat development plans with new pads. So we were able to do some bookings there. They're kind of, I'd say, the, you know, the three big levers that I'd point to. You'll see more detail when we publish the k. So that's how it goes for a hundred and twenty-three organic. And then you know, with the additions from the Marathon acquisition, the additional working in Alaska, the total reserve replacement ratio was the two hundred and forty-four percent. So when you put all that together, you know, we're showing know, for 2024, you know, reserves of 7.8 billion boe. That's up a billion from last year. And our RRP is improving from ten years to ten point seven years. Then one other, real thing I'd add is that, you know, given the Marathon transaction closed so late in the year, you know, the bookings we've got from Marathon primarily represent the approved developed reserves with minimal pad bookings. So the teams right now are working through, you know, integrated pro forma five-year plans. Once that's finalized, we'd actually expect to make an additional HUD booking later this year. So again, yeah, another very healthy year. And a good milestone for us in terms of, you know, achieving a hundred percent again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Good. Thanks. Maybe one on divestitures. You've announced $600 million of asset sales relative to a target of $2 billion. You maybe talk about that program ongoing going forward, the market and appetite for the divestiture efforts and within that, maybe the ongoing discussions around the Port Arthur equity sell down?
Andy O'Brien: Sure. This is Andy. I'm happy to take that one. So as you say, we've had activities, well underway on multiple fronts now with disposition candidates. As we announced today, we signed PSAs for about $600 million. That's non-core Permian assets. Expect those to close in the first half of the year. Actually reflected this in our guidance. So that's part of what's in our guidance this year. Also got activity progressing well on other fronts. So we'd actually expect the majority of the $2 billion to be achieved in 2025. So we're really pleased with the progress we're making there. You specifically asked about, you know, quarter after phase one. We've talked about this one a number of times in the past. You know, as we said before, we took equity in phase one for unique reasons which included getting the project off the ground, and it came with options and other phases on projects for us. So, you know, it was a unique reason why we invested in that project. But the project's now well into execution. And, you know, we don't necessarily need to be an equity owner, you know, forever in that project. But we also we can be patient. We don't need to rush anything here. Is that so the project is using project financing to fund construction now. Another way to look at that is that we'll continue to derisk the project every day without additional capital contribution. So, you know, it's an asset we look at. We've had inbounds on that asset and you know, it's one that we'll consider over time. But we feel very confident about the $2 billion target we put out there and we feel good about achieving that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein.
Bob Brackett: Good morning. Some of your peers have talked about opportunities in US that data center power demand, either supplying feedstock gas or, in fact, setting up power demand via CCTTs. What and your strategy clearly has been a more global LNG approach. Can you talk about comparing and contrasting those strategies and maybe highlight anything interesting you might be doing on the domestic power demand side?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Bob. We like a lot of people, been studying it. We're also getting inbounds on the power side like a lot of people, primarily because we obviously have a lot of natural gas, and we're producing. We have a commercial power desk, so we buy and sell power all over the US, we have a large land position. Throughout the US. So there's some natural advantages that we have in that space. And we're looking at them and trying to assess some of those inbounds. It's another way to potentially monetize a lot of gas that maybe we'd get a lower Waha kind of a wellhead price. You talked about our main sort of thrust is in the LNG space. The way I would describe that is we're bullish gas volumes in North America, but were bearish price. So it's a great way to take advantage of those molecules and move them to a higher valued markets through that LNG channel, which we've described to everybody. But you know, the power requirements are gonna be going up. Certainly, these hyperscalers, data centers, are going to need opportunities for fast and cheap power. So and we sit in an area in the Permian Basin that kinda fits a lot of those kinds of attributes. So we're looking at it. Can it scale to a really big business in the company? I don't know. But we're looking at those opportunities, but it's first and foremost, kinda fit our framework. We've talked about what our financial framework is, and it's power's no different. It's gotta be competitive for capital. But, certainly looks like some growth opportunities potentially coming, and we're assessing some of those opportunities right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold: Yeah. Hey. Thanks. I was wondering if you could all provide your perspective on you know, there's been a number of initiatives coming out of the White House, and how do you all see that impact the way you all do business and the industry as well. And if you can give your point of view or perspective on you know, the potential for tariffs and how that may impact your outlook.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Scott, I can maybe start. Let Andy follow-up with a few more specifics. Like, we were following it closely like everybody else. It certainly upsets the market. The market will find its own rebalance point if these go on for a long period of time. It does look like they're negotiating opportunity for this administration to do some things that they want. With both our southern neighbor and our northern neighbor. So it will have some impact in the market. We've done some looking relative to our portfolio, and it's got kind of pluses and minuses. As you might expect. So I can let Andy maybe give you a flare or a feel for specific impacts to the company.
Andy O'Brien: Thanks, Ryan. Good morning, Scott. Yeah. As Ryan said, you know, it's something that we, obviously, we've been looking at closely. And, you know, no surprise, you know, our primary exposure to the tariffs that, you know, that were announced, you know, last week would have been the sales of our somewhat liquids into the US. We sell around half of our somewhat liquid into the US on a mix of pipeline and rail. But the remainder is actually transported to the Canadian West Coast or sold in the local Alberta market. So, you know, it has, you know, words to be implemented. It's pretty difficult to say exactly who's gonna carry the burden where. The refiners in the Midwest and the Rockies have fewer options to substitute versus say Gulf Coast or the West Coast refiners. Just thinking about other assets in Canada, the Motney very quickly. We don't actually sell any liquids or gas into the US from the Motney. And we're actually pretty naturally hedged on gas. Between Martin and Seamont? You come up above Canada. We think about the ConocoPhillips as a total, you know, is where our diversified portfolio really comes into play provide some mitigation. No. If we were to see, you know, tariffs, we'd likely see strengthening differentials for Bakken, for ANS, and possibly even the Permian. So lots of moving parts. And, I mean, probably just scratching on the surface of the implications tabs were implemented. We'd also see movements in foreign exchange rates that we'd have to factor in. There'd be an awful lot for us to work through. But, ultimately, I'd draw you back to, you know, what we're focused on is what we can control. That's producing the lowest cost supply volumes, and optimizing value with our commercial organizations. As Ryan said right at the very beginning, you know, we hope to see that, you know, that don't we don't get in a situation of having tariffs, but also doing the work to make sure that we're prepared if they were to come into play.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Dingmann with Truist Securities.
Neil Dingmann: Good morning. Thanks for the time. Ryan, just a very broad question. Around M and A, specifically cloud realizing early dry on Marathon, I'm just wondering when you look at the Lance landscape out there today, would you characterize every opportunity that fit your requirements as better or worse than, you know, you saw this time last year. I just don't know kinda how many opportunities you people see out there.
Ryan Lance: Well, if I don't we've set it in the past, Neil, that consolidation is gonna continue in this business. Know, I don't quite know when companies make strategic decisions to change the direction that they're going and create some opportunity out there. The landscape is certainly changing. There's probably less of the high quality, you know, names out there just on balance as we look over the transactions that have preceded, you know, us and what we've done over the last, you know, three to four years as well. But you know, that doesn't say consolidation needs to go. But, you know, I go back to sorta our kind of three big tenants in this space is, look, it first and foremost has to Good. Our financial framework, our view of mid-cycle prices going forward. You know, we have to find a way to make the assets better if they were in our portfolio, and it needs to make our company better. Our ten-year plan better. So those are pretty high hurdles, and we had a unique opportunity when Marathon decided to do something different. Strategically for their company. We weren't out looking, but obviously, we pay attention close attention to everything that's going on in the business, and we take a view of these companies. Certainly, that landscape is starting to shrink a little bit. Of real real quality sort of opportunities that are that are out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Leo Mariani with B. Riley.
Leo Mariani: I wanted to just, dive a little bit more, into the divestitures that you disclosed here, the $600 million. Sounds like that's gonna close in the first half of the year. Sounds like it's basically all kind of non-core Permian, but can you provide a volume number associated with that in terms of rough Please how much production, you know, is being sold and just any thoughts on commodity mix? Is that, you know, kind of a standard Permian mix with, you know, a little bit more than half of that being oil?
Andy O'Brien: Yeah. I could take that question. Yeah. It's the production from the assets would have been about 15,000 barrels a day. Last year. The assets are essentially southern north non-core Southern Delaware. So that pretty much gives you sort of a typical mix of what they are.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning. Ryan, now you have a little bit more than two months under the belt with the Marathon asset, can you give us some idea that what's the running room in those assets? Terms of the tier one inventory backlog, if there's anything that you can share, and that can break it down by basin, particularly down in Eagle Ford and Bakken that we need is quite mature over there. And also, whether that what is your game plan for Ecotology knee? Is there any differences comparing to what ManfroNet has been communicating to the street before they've been acquired. Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Paul. Maybe I can take the Equatorial Guinea and Nick can provide some color on the Marathon assets that were acquired. But know, it the at EGR, we're you know, it's certainly pretty pretty pleased with the CFO and the contracts that were established by Marathon that we've walked into at EDG really haven't changed the plans at all that Marathon was walking into. We look forward to a couple more infill wells that are going on. I think the rig has been sourced, and it's they're about ready to spud. So we'll be bringing it getting getting our feet under the ground with e g I'd say short and medium term, no real changes to what Marathon was doing at e g. Bigger the bigger question is the same thing. I think Marathon was grappling with, you know, what's the long-term potential in the area that can flow through the LNG plant and be marketed. But you know, we're trying to grow our LNG, and this fits well within the portfolio and what we're trying to do longer term for the company. Maybe I can let Nick address your inventory question for Marathon.
Nick Olds: Yeah, Paul. You're right. We've got a couple of months under the belt and look forward to the future months as well. Yeah. As far as the inventory quality, it's unchanged. You know, we don't see anything that from the acquisition case. We've got, you know, 2,000 competitive well locations as Ryan mentioned around that $40 per barrel cost supply. Roughly about half of that is in Eagle Ford and then you can kinda think the remaining is split between Bakken and Delaware. So highly competitive out there. We're looking at the current well performance as well. Eagle Ford looks very strong. If you look at both our heritage COP and Heritage Marathon, on a barrel of oil per foot or even on a barrel of oil equivalent per foot, and compare that to prior years from 2022 to 2023 really strong performance in last year's assets. And we're seeing as we drill these wells they're meeting type curve expectations in Eagle Ford and Bakken as well. Couple other things just along the synergy lines, when we combine these assets, if you look up in the Bakken as we trade experience on our combined acreage for long laterals, we're seeing more opportunities for increased long laterals in the Bakken as an example. The teams are just working to optimize and improve that combined inventories.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Ryan. To you and the Conoco team there. I wanted to go back to Alaska, and you guys highlighted the start of the Nuna project, which I believe was kinda mid-December and I wondered if you could put it put the start-up of that project in the context of your overall called a hundred and eighty thousand barrels full a day. I know you guys said it was twenty-nine wells, but can you tell us, is that gonna be of a magnitude that we're gonna be able to observe the effect of that in your in your one q and two q volumes in twenty-five?
Kirk Johnson: Yeah. Good morning, Charles. This is Kirk. I can take that one. Yeah. Appreciate the question on the Alaska-based business. We could certainly know, that that business continues to chart a course of really sustaining production here with some really modest growth in the next couple of years. And I think it really highlights the amount of investment opportunities that still exist for us in that business with Nuna being a prime example of that. So again, maybe just a little bit about Nuna and you pointed some of this out. You know, this is a project in which we have built out a new pad. The first one in roughly a decade, and it shows you know, the great work that the teams are doing in exploring and appraising new targets and taking advantage of the infrastructure that we have up there. First oil was in December. That came on after drilling and completing and bringing on a couple of wells. We do have plans of eight more wells here this year in 2025. And all of that, as you point out, has actually come on on the heels if you will of having drilled over ten wells from existing gravel. So again, it shows the pragmatism that the team has really deployed of ensuring that we understand what these targets are, we derisk those, before we actually put new gravel out there. We are in fact expecting know, that production to enable us to more than offset decline. As we look at Alaska's production profile for the next year. And then we have a number of other targets that exist out there for us. And you've heard me speak to some of these before. In Caparic, in addition to Nuna, we have Coyote. Coyote is a really interesting parallel to Willow. And then in WNS and our Alpine asset, we've gotten our wall in Minky. And so these brookie and topsets put us in a really nice position of using these wells to advance technology to advance, certainly, our capital efficiency knowing that these some of these are a great analog or a parallel to Willow which gives us again that much more of an opportunity as we stand which in 2027. So really pleased with how that's taken shape for us. On our base business in Alaska.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Silverstein with UBS.
Josh Silverstein: Yeah. Thanks, guys. Just wanted to get an update on the LNG contracting environment. Curious if there's been any shift in thinking around the need for new LNG in Europe. You know, potentially due to Russia, Ukraine ceasefire or anything that the current administration is doing to kind of push you know, more LNG projects here in the Gulf Coast to some potentially over there? Thanks.
Andy O'Brien: Yeah. Good morning. This is Andy. Know, in terms of, you know, what's going on in the LNG space, I just said it's more, you know, continuation. There's nothing I'd say that's particularly new. Know, what we look at sort of, you know, the situation, you know, with Europe. Heavily dependent on LNG. You know, you've seen the Russian the Russia Ukraine deal for the pipeline gas that came to an end. That's one and a half Bcf. So capacity that is, you know, is no longer available. You've just seen what's going on with the TTF pricing right now in terms of the cold winter that, you know, that seeing in Europe and just sort of how the inventories are being drawn down. So I would say that you know, in terms of the need for LNG, nothing's really changed. And in terms of, you know, the way that, you know, we're looking at it, sort of our strategy remains unchanged. We're really looking at how we can build out you know, offtake those with a ten to fifteen MTPA and you've seen in the past where we're building out regas capacity in Europe, and we're also looking for sales into Asia. So I'd kinda just say that really sort of where we're right on track with our strategy and think it's sort of are playing out as we expected them to.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Alastair Syme with Citi.
Alastair Syme: Thanks, Ron. Bill and team. Another White House question for you. I mean, the president's made some noises about wanting higher levels of US domestic production than them. I get your points. About running the lower forty-eight business optimal efficiency. But is there anything that would incentivize you to go faster in that business?
Ryan Lance: You know, not really. I think we're just trying to drive the efficiencies, Alastair. I think the message that I've had for the transition team and for the people that are looking at it is the I'd say we are drilling. Drill baby drilling. I think we have to build a lot of infrastructure. So I think our focus a lot of our focus and intention right now is on permitting reform. Trying to make sure we can build out the infrastructure both for the power kinds of opportunities that are gonna be out there and then obviously the gas lines that come with it. And then just faster movement within the regular and the permitting environment for wherever you sit on federal lands, whether it's New Mexico, North Dakota, Gulf of Mexico, Alaska, you know, just getting more timely drilling approvals, rights of ways, easements, and all those permits. They just had slowed down under the prior administration. And there's a real opportunity to get back to kinda normal business, if you will, to what we've had in years past. And that just adds to the overall system. And should lead to you know, more sustained plateau or growth in our production coming out of the lower forty-eight in terms of liquids and certainly the growing amount of gas volumes that are coming as well. It just creates a better environment for investment and more efficient operations.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 12:00:00) =====
Company Particiapants: Phil Gresh - Vice President, Investor Relations Ryan Lance - Chairman and CEO Bill Bullock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Andy O’Brien - SVP of Strategy, Commercial Sustainability and Technology Nick Olds - Executive Vice President of Lower 48 Kirk Johnson - Senior Vice President of Global Operations
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2024 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Liz and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Phil Gresh, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Gresh : Thank you, Liz, and welcome everyone to our third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. On the call today are several members of the ConocoPhillips leadership team, including Ryan Lance, Chairman and CEO; Bill Bullock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Andy O’Brien, Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial Sustainability and Technology; Nick Olds, Executive Vice President of Lower 48; and Kirk Johnson, Senior Vice President of Global Operations. Ryan and Bill will kick of the call with some opening remarks after which the team will be available for your questions. Along with today’s release, we published a supplemental financial materials and a slide presentation, which you can find on the Investor Relations website. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results may differ due to factors noted in today’s release and in our periodic SEC filings. We will make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations to the nearest corresponding measure can be found in today’s release and on our website. As we move to the Q&A afterwards, as reminder we will take one question per caller. With that, I will turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Phil, and thank you to everyone for joining our third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Let me start with a few comments about our results and the outlook for the rest of the year, and then I will provide an update on the Marathon Oil acquisition. Starting with the results, the company demonstrated strong execution in the third quarter. We exceeded the high end of our production guidance for the quarter and raised our full year production outlook largely driven by lower 48 performance. On return of capital, we remain on track to distribute at least $9 billion into shareholders this year. We have officially incorporated our VROC into the ordinary dividend to the ordinary dividend and consistent with our long-term track record, we are confident that we can grow our ordinary dividend at a top quartile rate relative to the S&P 500. On buybacks, our planned fourth quarter share repurchases will approach $2 billion and we have increased our existing share repurchase authorization by up to $20 billion. Shifting to our planned acquisition of Marathon Oil, we're still on track to close this quarter. In the meantime, integration planning is progressing well. The team is now fully mapped out how we plan to achieve the initial guidance of at least $500 million of synergies, primarily from the overhead and operating cost reduction categories that we have previously talked about. And we now expect to at least double the initial $500 million target driven by capital optimization. While we are still finalizing our 2025 budget and will provide formal guidance in February, we are confident that the combined company can grow at a low-single-digit rate again in 2025 with pro-form a CapEx of less than $13 billion. So to wrap up, we're pleased with our operational execution and we look forward to closing the Marathon Oil acquisition later this quarter. Now let me turn the call over to Bill, to cover our third quarter performance and 2024 guidance in more detail.
Bill Bullock: Well, thanks, Ryan. In the Q3, we generated $1.78 per share in adjusted earnings. We produced 1,917,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, representing 3% underlying growth year-over-year. And that's despite having an estimated impact of 85,000 barrels per day of turnarounds during the quarter, including approximately 55,000 barrels for Surmont's once every five year turnaround. Lower 48 achieved record production of 1,147,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which represents 6% underlying growth year-over-year. Now by basin, we produced 781,000 in the Permian, 246,000 in the Eagle Ford and 107,000 in the Bakken. Moving to cash flows, third quarter CFO was over $4.7 billion which included over $400 million of APLNG distributions. Operating working capital was a $1 billion tailwind in the quarter, Capital expenditures were $2.9 billion and we returned $2.1 billion to shareholders, including $1.2 billion in buybacks and $900 million in ordinary dividends and VROC payments. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $7.1 billion and $101 billion in long-term liquid investments. Now turning to guidance. For the fourth quarter, we expect production to be in a range of 1.99 million to 2.03 million barrels per day. For the full year, we now expect production to be 1.94 million to 1.95 million barrels per day, up 10,000 barrels per day from prior guidance. On cash flows, we're increasing full year guidance for APLNG distributions by $100 million to $1.5 billion, and we expect over $200 million of distributions in the fourth quarter. All other guidance items are unchanged. And as a reminder, guidance excludes the impact of pending acquisitions. So in conclusion, we continue to deliver on our strategic initiatives, we remain focused on executing our plan for 2024. We are committed to staying highly competitive on our shareholder distributions and are progressing toward closing the Marathon transaction. That concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back over. I'll turn it back over to the operator to start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta : I wanted to spend some time on the synergies, because the comment on the call about the doubling of the synergies is notable. Can you just unpack that? Where are you seeing it? Should we think about it as an OpEx item, as capital items and when we could actually see it in the numbers? Is this something, how long does it take to be realized?
Andy O'Brien : Neil, this is Andy. I can take that question. So just to unpack it and maybe go back to what we said on the second quarter call was that we stood up a team, who've been working the bottoms up integration and synergy capture detail. Now that team has already fully mapped out how we're going to achieve $500 million that we initially guided to on a run rate basis within a year of closing. We've also now finished designing the organization. We've identified non-labor duplication and process efficiencies to optimize costs. Also, you might remember during the acquisition announcement call I mentioned there'd be additional upside from reworking the combined drilling and refrac programs at the asset level. We've now completed that detailed modeling across all three basins. So versus 2024 capital spend, we plan to reduce the combined ConocoPhillips and Marathon program by at least $500 million in 2025. Now, these reductions come primarily from Eagle Ford and Bakken. We're confident in our ability to achieve an optimal plateau level at lower levels of activities versus a standalone companies or simply put, we need fewer rigs and fewer frack crews to achieve the same outcome. So when you combine all of that with the original announced synergies of $500 million, we now have clear line of sight of doubling that to $1 billion. Now, in terms of the timing of those synergies, so you can effectively think of the CapEx is happening immediately when we get into 2025 in the reduction in the capital budget. And as I said, earlier that the OpEx and G&A so that's going to ramp over time. But we'll be there on a run rate within the 12 months of closing.
Ryan Lance : Yes, Neil, I would probably add that recognize this is all done pre-close, so we haven't closed the transaction and haven't really got into a complete look under the hood. So I would, I'm guessing or expecting that we'll have additional OpEx opportunities, we'll have additional capital opportunities, additional commercial opportunities is we're able to dive in post-close and look a little bit closer at the contracts and some of those things that we have going on. So, stay tuned in this space.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Wolf Research.
Doug Leggate :
A - Andy O'Brien : Doug, Andy here. Maybe I'll take you back to sort of what we said back in our AIM presentation and build it from there. So in AIM, we said the long-term average free cash flow breakeven, excluding the dividends within the mid-30s. And also that's a little higher in the early years as we invest in Willow.Now with the Marathon transaction, plus the increased synergies we've announced today, that's going to further lower the number by a couple of dollars. So to the low 30s.And then of course, you need to add the dividend on top of that and that's about $10. So having such a low free cash flow breakeven is really one of the key reasons why we're able to increase the ordinary dividend by 34%. And very importantly, that's how we can continue our commitment to the S&P 500 top quartile growth. So, hopefully that unpacks, Doug, the sort of strength that we have there.
Ryan Lance : And hopefully, you'll enjoy the 34% raise to the ordinary dividend, Doug.
Operator:
Q - Stephen Richardson:
A - Ryan Lance:
A - Andy O'Brien : Sure. Thanks, Ryan. As Ryan said, we're saying our expectation is less than 13 in ’25. And just to put that in context, that compares to 13.5 for the combined ConocoPhillips and Marathon guidance for ‘24. And the primary driver of that reduction is really what I just covered in the Marathon synergies comment across the Lower 48. It's also important to say without lower CapEx number that we absolutely can continue to have growth in the low single-digits and that's going to be fairly balanced across the Lower 48 and ANI.
Operator:
Devin McDermott: So I wanted to build on some of the comments so far on 2025, but shift over to shareholder returns, I think at the time of the Marathon transaction, you talked about an over $11 billion target and commodity prices have been very volatile since then but you're also messaging more capital-efficient program and better synergies through -- as per the prior few questions. I was wondering if you can kind of put this all together and how you're thinking about pro-forma shareholder returns once the transaction closes and some of the moving pieces around that number.
Ryan Lance : Devin, yes, a lot of moving pieces, as you might imagine coming through that. I'll probably start the answer by just reflecting a little bit about how we've done in 2024. So I think it informs kind of how we think about this and how we might approach 2025. I think it's a little bit early to give an indication of what '25 is because some of the pieces of moving parts that Steve just addressed, we got, again, backwardation in the oil curve, Contango in the gas curve and a lot of volatility happening in the commodity price. So as we get through the course of the year and into next year, we'll all be kind of trying to assess what our CFO is. But if you look at our past history, six, seven years now, we've provided about 45% of our CFO has gone back to the shareholder in form of distributions through both the dividend channel and share buybacks. So we'll certainly plan to continue to offer our shareholders a pretty compelling value proposition for the company. But if you look at -- as we got into 2024, early 2024, we were thinking arguably an $80 kind of price deck. It's been softer than that. But look, we paid off some debt. We've stuck to our $9 billion distribution target. We had a little bit of disposition monies come in. We've paid off some debt this year. We got a strong balance sheet. We've got cash on the balance sheet. And look, we're made for the kind of volatility that we're seeing in the market today. So those are the pieces that we're going to take into consideration as we go into 2025. We've got a lot of levers. We've got a lot of ways to think about the business. We got the synergy. And look, the operations are running really well, both in the international space under Kirk's leadership and the Lower 48 under Nick's leadership. So that's resulted in the extra production that we're getting out of the year and the efficiency that we're driving through the system. So we're going to put all those levers, all those pieces and parts together when we get to the end of the year, take an assessment of the commodity price market, what we think the market will give us in 2025 and come up with a distribution target for next year post the Marathon close. So we've got a lot of moving pieces in it but the shareholders should expect to get a significant portion of our cash flow coming back off the top and probably something that exceeds our floor of 30% that we talk about. It's going to be something probably significantly higher than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram : I wanted to get your thoughts on just capital allocation to the Marathon properties. I know you're probably thinking about capital allocation to the Lower 48 as a whole. But I wanted to get maybe some insights on just the Marathon properties because if we look at their activity trends, they ran about 11 rigs to 12 rigs on their properties in the first half, and they've downshifted to five or six in the back half. So how do you plan to manage those properties on a go-forward basis?
Ryan Lance : Yes, I can let Andy jump in, Arun, but that was one of the bit of the surprises that we saw when we got into the data room. And it's really one of the attractive features that we saw with the Marathon properties, some good low cost of supply resources they compete in the portfolio. And look, with the scale that we have in our company and combining with Marathon, we can run these assets differently. And I'll tell you our Lower 48 team is chomping at the bit to get a hold of these assets because we won't have an execution plan that looks like what you just described, where you ramp up early in the year and you back off later in the year. With the scale that we bring to the combination, we can just -- we found that running at a consistent pace is much better than trying to ramp up and ramp down, which you have to do when you either don't have scale or the capacity to do those things. And we're just going to run the assets differently. And I can let Nick provide a little bit more detail on the competitiveness within the portfolio.
Nick Olds : Yes. Arun, just kind of building on what Ryan just mentioned, we've looked at running level-loaded and steady state since mid-2022. Clearly, we have shown you that through that approach that we've improved operating efficiencies on the drilling side as well as the frac side. And so as Ryan mentioned, we're going to apply that methodology and that strategy on the Marathon acreage. We're actually really excited to bring that in. As you've seen before, traditionally, they have been really kind of heavy on the front end the first half with frac and drilling activity, and then they level off, as Ryan mentioned, in the second half. So we're going to run at steady state level loaded. We've seen even this year to kind of give you a proof point, we're delivering with flat activity, 10% more activity than 2023. So that means more feet per day, it means more wells. And for the folks on the phone, you're clearly seeing that in the bottom line production performance for Lower 48. The Marathon assets, as we've talked about in the acquisition case, very competitive and cost of supply across all the basins. We've got 2,000 wells and the bulk of that's in Eagle Ford. We know those assets well and look forward to capture it. So overall, we'll see activity rationalization on the rig and frac front. As Andy mentioned, we'll go through and really determine the optimum plateau, look at incremental cost of supply to run these assets going forward and still get modest production growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lloyd Byrne with Jefferies.
Lloyd Byrne : Can you guys just comment a little bit on the differentials that you're seeing in gas, maybe Waha and what you expect from Matterhorn? And then take that one step further and any additional regas progress or targets that you guys have going forward internationally?
Andy O'Brien : Yes, I'll talk about where we are with that. So as you saw, Henry Hub prices did improve in Q3. However, as expected, Lower 48 gas realizations continue to be depressed as a result of the Permian pipeline constraints. So our Lower 48 gas realization as a percentage of Henry Hub dropped from 17% in Q2 to 8% in Q3. As I said, this was primarily driven by the Permian Waha pricing which declined a negative $0.25 in MMBtu. Now we have seen some improvement in October with the ramp-up of Matterhorn. However, this has been somewhat offset by some pipeline maintenance elsewhere in the Permian. Now it's difficult to forecast exactly how the fourth quarter is going to play out. But the forward curve is suggesting that we should see some improvement. And then specifically to your comment or your question on Matterhorn, we expect Matterhorn to be about 2 Bcf a day in November. And then with compression, that should increase capacity to 2.5 Bcf later in 2025. I think the second part of your question was more on the LNG side and the progress we've been making there. Nothing specifically new to announce on the LNG side in terms of new regas. But the one thing that we have, I've mentioned is there has been some deals that we've done in Europe. We executed three agreements during the third quarter to support the expected increase of gas that we're going to have into Europe from LNG. And in aggregate, those three agreements represent about 1.8 MTPA of our capacity. So these new agreements will give us then the ability to place volumes sort of more efficiently into multiple markets in Europe. So that gives you an update on where we are on the progress we've made this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Betty Jiang with Barclays.
Betty Jiang : I want to ask about asset sales and how you think about the use of proceeds. There's a headline yesterday about sale of non-core Permian assets, so wondering about that. But perhaps more broadly, as you look at the optimization of the portfolio today, what are the areas where you think there could be more value for others versus where they sit internally?
Andy O'Brien : As you know, we've been actively high-grading our portfolio over the last several years. And the Marathon transaction provides us an opportunity to continue that process. As you say, we've announced a target around $2 billion of non-core asset dispositions over the next several years, and we're very confident of achieving that. Now we're not going to comment on the specifics of where they are, our A&D activity in advance due to the commercial sensitivity but activities are well underway on multiple disposition candidates at this stage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Brackett with Bernstein.
Bob Brackett : We've been hearing a lot of questions around this idea of a wave of global LNG hitting the shores in '25 or '26 or '27. It's easy to put an LNG project into a spreadsheet, perhaps harder to bring it online. Any thoughts around should we expect a surge of liquefaction capacity? Obviously, you've got a front row seat to that.
Ryan Lance : Yes, Bob, I think we've all been kind of looking at it, you're right. The spreadsheet presumes a lot of FIDs get taken and it's pretty tough to take FIDs in the space and things kind of shift to the right. But look, we -- if there's a little bit of a supply overhang coming later this decade, coming in the '27, '28 time frame, we can see some of that if these projects progress as designed. We've already seen some that are even in construction today that are moving to the right, let alone whether or not they're going to take FID. So that's going to be something that continues to just be pretty volatile in the marketplace. But yes, we would expect a little bit of extra supply coming on later this decade. But we're making these investments for 20, 30, 40 years, and we're pretty bullish on where the LNG demand growth is going over the next decade and beyond. And that's what we're focused on is the opportunity to get access to those premium gas markets in Europe and in Asia. And to do that, you have to be a full value chain. You have to be in the regas side. You have to be -- ships to move it around and you have to be in the regas -- or the liquefaction shipping and the regas side as well. And Andy just talked about some of what we're doing to expand on the marketing end of it and linking all that together. So we feel it's the right move for the company, right thing long term to do for the company. But there will be periods of time when it's oversupplied just like there will be period of times when it's undersupplied and the price will spike. And that's what we've seen over the last 30, 40 years in this business, and we expect that will continue over the next 30, 40 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd : Maybe can you talk about how you think about the supply-demand balance for crude oil over the next couple of years? I know you guys always have a view on this. And how much, if at all, does this factor into your outlook for activity levels and your willingness to grow production going forward?
Ryan Lance : Yes, Ryan. I think we'll -- as we do every year at the end of the year, we'll do our bottoms-up assessment of where we think supply and demand is. Look, we -- as we look out into 2024, coming into the year, we were thinking more like 1.2 million, 1.3 million barrels a day of demand growth. It looks like with primarily China slowdown and some of the other places around the world, that demand growth is going to be closer to around 1 million barrels a day, so a bit softer than what we have said. There's still spare capacity sitting within the OPEC+ group. And anybody's bet whether or not they decide to continue to delay pulling any excess supply back into the market, we'll do that assessment. But look, I think we're pretty constructive in the market going forward over the next few years, constructive being above what we would call an equilibrium mid-cycle price and still be probably above that. So pretty constructive in terms of the market going forward. But look, we're not going to -- we'll make our assessment, see where our cash flows are at. We know where our capital program is going to go be, and we've got lots of levers inside the company to make sure that we're competitive on our distributions back to our shareholder, which we've demonstrated over the last six to seven years. And you can judge us by the past and that's how we think about the business. We're going to be maximizing returns on our investment. We're going to be investing in the company for some growth and the long-term growth and development of the company. And I recognize we're spending some money on some pre-productive capital. But we're doing that for the long-term health of the company, thinking about the next 10 years and beyond. And these are really good projects that compete on a cost of supply basis and that we want to make investments in for the long-term health of the company. So we factor all that together but we've got a lot of flexibility. We're built for the volatility that we see in the market with our balance sheet, cash and the other things that we can do as a company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read : Maybe to follow-up on the pre-productive capital and just ask you about Willow. You mentioned spending goes up in '25. What are -- given the compressed time of the year for working there, what are some of the milestones we should be thinking about this drilling season and then what you would be setting up for in the winter of '25, '26?
Kirk Johnson : Roger, this is Kirk. Certainly, we would describe our third quarter progress as really being on trend with prior quarters. Our project team really just continued to make some strong progress through Q3, and that's really across all fronts: engineering, procurement, fabrication, all of those are on track. And certainly, you heard from me in the last call that we were able to transition a bit earlier from fabrication of the operations center into fabricating the process modules. And that ultimately enabled us to sealift those modules into Alaska certainly not just on time but a little bit early, and that played out quite well for us. Most importantly, the team is really sharpening the pencil right now on preparing for our 2025 winter construction season, which is what you're alluding to. And we do recognize that the scope here next year is going to be larger than this past winter season that was really quite successful for us. In 2025, we'll resume those critical activities that, of course, you have to do from ice roads and so that consists of gravel placement for roads and pads. We'll resume pipeline installations. And then we'll also start to begin placing camps out at Willow. And then lastly and very importantly, again, now that we have those operations center modules, they're up on the North Slope of Alaska. Once we have ice roads constructed, we'll begin moving those modules into the winter or into the rural development area. So again, the teams are hard at work. They're doing some great work in their planning and refining the logistics required for this next year, recognizing it's going to be a bigger winter season for us. And it's a bit early for us to guide on capital for Willow. We'll be ready to say more once we're ready to guide on total company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold : I think this one is for Bill. Last quarter, you guided us to a bit of a working capital draw in 3Q and we saw a bit of a pretty big tailwind. Can you give us a little bit of color on what occurred there and what do you project for 4Q? And if you also could add into that, any expectations for other outflows that would be, say, related to Marathon like severance and other costs?
Bill Bullock : Yes, sure. You're right. Last quarter, I indicated that we were expecting about $0.5 billion working capital headwind during the quarter. Well, as it turned out, we had two items. The first was the IRS provided a deferral opportunity that allowed us to push the second quarter tax payments and remaining tax payments for the year out into 2025. And the second item was pretty normal. That's your normal movements on accounts receivable and accounts payable with falling prices. That's the explanation for the reversal on working capital expectations. Now looking towards the fourth quarter, it is a bit difficult to forecast where we expect to be for the fourth quarter with the pending Marathon acquisition. As you know, there's NOLs and some other tax attributes that will come to us with the Marathon acquisition. And we'll be providing an update to that further after closing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist.
Neal Dingmann : My question is on your strong third quarter '24 well performance, specifically in the Lower 48. Ryan I was just wondering, is there a particular area or maybe a key operational driver you'd point to for this upside such, I don't know, maybe the improved logistics, several fracs or the like?
Ryan Lance : Yes, I can let Nick chime in. It's just really good performance across the whole Lower 48 teams running on all eight cylinders. So Nick can provide a bit of detail on that.
Nick Olds : Yes, Neal, you're right. We had obviously a very strong quarter. A number of attributes for 3Q. We had strong base production come in from 2Q into 3Q, obviously, the buildoff of -- and as I've already mentioned, we continue to focus in on those driving the operating efficiencies. So we've seen more feet per day, more stages per day. In fact, in 3Q, in the Delaware Basin, we had a best ever feet per day for that entire quarter within the program. And that's a testament of using technologies like the Drilling Intelligence Group, where we can do 24/7 monitoring of wells. We can troubleshoot. We can optimize the forward plans and then share learnings across all the rigs. And so that lifts all boats there. And as I mentioned earlier, just to reiterate, we're at flat activity level compared to 2023. But for this year, we got 10% -- greater than 10% more scope so same activity level. On a little more granularity, we had two production records in the assets. We had Permian as well as Eagle Ford. On the Eagle Ford front, we had a large turnaround. That went very successful. We're ahead of schedule and below budget so we had less downtime, Neal, in that. And then as we typically and historically see with Eagle Ford, we get flush production as we start that asset back up coming out of maintenance. And so you get to see -- you do see flush production in 3Q bolstering that. And then we waited to start up a number of wells until post turnaround in Eagle Ford. And so you're seeing some lumpiness in overall number of wells online there. On the Permian side, really good production there. We got 8% year-over-year for the third quarter. If you look at for the full year, the 6% and great wells in Delaware and Midland Basin. We had a number of 3-mile laterals in Midland Basin that has a very strong performance in 3Q. In 3Q itself, just to remember, there's probably a high number of wells online and that's going to create some lumpiness. And then if you look at kind of 4Q, it's going to be more ratable like 1% quarter-over-quarter, and then total year, it will be 5% overall growth for Lower 48. As Ryan mentioned, great quarter. Just shout out to the teams, we're running extremely well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Silverstein with UBS.
Josh Silverstein : You made some working interest acquisitions up in Alaska this quarter. Can you just talk about other opportunities like this that exist across your asset base? You've done it in Surmont and APLNG over the past few years. Just curious what else may be out there.
Ryan Lance : Yes, Josh, we did. Look, we watch all of this and I can have Kirk describe what happened in Alaska. You quite never know when these things are going to come about that we have ROFRs or right of first refusal across a lot of our assets. And you never know when decisions made by partners to make a change. And we take advantage of those when they make sense for the company. And Kirk can describe what happened up in Alaska with a bit more detail.
Kirk Johnson : Josh, this is Kirk. Yes, certainly, many of you on the call might have seen that we released a statement directly out of our Alaska business that we did exercise our preemptive rights to acquire Chevron's non-operated interest in Kuparuk as well as Prudhoe for roughly $300 million. Chevron was preparing to sell to a private entity. And it's just as Ryan described, we have the right to take a look at proposed transactions of that nature and before they close and take the option of choosing to preempt. What's of interest to us on this one was the transaction price actually implied a PDP-only valuation. And so naturally, expects to seize on this opportunity. We saw this as a great way to increase our ownership across a set of assets that we know very well. We have a legacy position there in Alaska, and we know that the competitive cost of supply that exists for us on go-forward development plans. And so when you think about a PDP-only valuation or transaction price, couple that up with the fact that we have our known operated development plans around Nuna and Coyote in the Greater Kuparuk area specifically, you put all that together with the fact that Alaska has -- they've got high-margin volumes, nearly all oil and we fetch a premium to Brent up there. So you couple all that together with a low cost of supply development and that provides a pretty compelling return opportunity on that additional interest we picked up. So as Ryan said, we don't know when these are going to come at us. But boy, if they're compelling, we're going to capitalize on the opportunity.
Ryan Lance : We love ROFRs, Josh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alastair Syme with Citi.
Alastair Syme : I wanted to return to the issue of Lower 48 volumes. I mean, you're clearly outpacing the rest of the industry this year. I just wonder if you think the slowdown in the rest of the industry is surprising. To what extent do you think that takeaway issues are perhaps holding back growth in the rest of the industry? Or is it just a natural maturity? Interested in your perspective.
Ryan Lance : Yes. I think, Alastair, operating in this stable environment where you can get into this efficient frontier with your kind of that relationship between rig count and frac spreads, we're there and the scale and the scope of what we're doing allows us to get there. I think other operators with less inventory or less quality inventory or, frankly, less balance sheet strength have to do these ramp-up, ramp down kind of things and we're kind of seeing that a little bit. I think as we go into the fourth quarter, we noticed it in our OBO or operated by others piece of it, and we see it kind of playing out across the industry a little bit, which allows us to maybe differentiate ourselves a little bit. I don't know, Nick, if you have anything more to add to that.
Nick Olds : Yes, nothing further to add. I mean, we've got a fairly large non-operated portfolio within Lower 48. We look at a lot of balance. And as Ryan mentioned, when you kind of look at what's coming in the door for fourth quarter, they're slowing down. We typically have seen that in years past kind of more seasonality as folks drop rig and frac activity and then ramp back up in Q1 of the next year. So very similar drop of activity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kalei Akamine with Bank of America.
Kalei Akamine : This one is a little bit nuanced. Kind of thinking about APLNG, some vendors have the upstream piece declining from 2030. I suppose that means that you guys should be thinking about backfill today. So can you discuss the outlook for that asset? Any backfill plans, please?
Kirk Johnson : Yes, you bet. This is Kirk. First, I'll just start by acknowledging the performance this year coming out of the JV. Production, operations and certainly, distributions have been quite strong. The upstream production is supplying our LNG facility, both in long-term contracts, spot and especially we're a large supplier of the domestic markets there. The decline is largely as per most of the gold bed methane gas fields that are out there. And so you can expect similar performance from us from the upstream operator and certainly from the JV in whole. And I'd come back to the fact that 70% of our APLNG production is sold under two long-term contracts, and those extend through the mid-2030s. And the supply forecast, the production expectations that we have coming out of that onstream or that onshore gas field gives us a lot of confidence that we're going to be able to meet those contracts through mid-2030s. And naturally, you start to begin some to, as you see some decline, a bit kind of late 2030s, 2040s. And so naturally, the JV is focused on opportunities for continued backfill of that facility. And so that's within the purview the scope of the JV. They'll be thinking about future opportunities. And we're happy to be a part of that, just given the fact that we understand LNG is going to play a really important role for the energy pathway demand looking into the future, and it's certainly a growing opportunity for us inside our strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade : I appreciate you guys running deep into the Q&A queue here. I want to pick up -- you guys made some comments about the Eagle Ford turnaround, but I wonder if you could talk more broadly about the big turnaround quarter you guys had, maybe starting with the one up in Surmont. And if you could add any color on whether better-than-expected results are one of the drivers with your strong 4Q guide?
Kirk Johnson : Charles, this is Kirk. Yes, certainly, as mentioned in our release and by Bill this morning and our opening comments here, we did, in fact, have a once-in-every five year full facility turnaround there in the third quarter. And that really -- that went really quite well. During these large turnarounds, naturally, you expect us to perform the required both internal and regulatory-driven compliance activities around testing safety systems. But we also tend to open up both tanks and vessels, go into those, open them up, clean them out, and spec them and that went really quite well. In fact, we were able to transition a number of those tanks to being able to work on those during operations going forward. So really positive outcomes on that turnaround up there in Canada. And now being on the other side of that turnaround, having it behind us, we are seeing full run rates now of Pad 267, and that just continues to come in really very strong. In fact, the ramp-up coming out of the turnaround was very strong, came on line a bit faster than we originally predicted, and so of course, always pleased to see that. And as you've heard from me before, we do, in fact, intend to begin adding new pads even after Pad 267. That was the first pad to resume after the first two commissioning sequences of Surmont. And so now that we've restarted those, sustaining those development pad manufacturing program, you can expect we'll add a new pad about every 12 to 18 months. I mean, that's a pretty fair average assumption going forward over the next 5 to 10 years. This next pad is 104, 104 West A as we refer to it. It's smaller than 267 and we plan to start drilling here next year on that pad, and we're expecting first oil in 2026. So certainly, as we continue to progress the SEO on future pads, I'll keep you all abreast into that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng : Maybe this is for Ryan or Nick. You are already close to about 800,000 barrel per day in Permian. You have a lot of assets. But from the best capital allocation or an efficient use of capital, what kind of petrol rate we should assume for Permian in your operation? And when do you think you may be able to achieve it? And also along the line, if you can give us a little bit of the maybe insight how's the supply -- when the supply cost look like for 2025 versus 2024?
Nick Olds : Yes, Paul, this is Nick. On the plateau question, maybe just take the whole group back to just the inventory that we have in the Permian. As you know, we're top tier in inventory. If you take a look at what we currently are drilling at rig activity levels, we've got two decades, two decades of inventory in the Permian. So we can grow at modestly as we talked about at AIM kind of that 4% to 5% for the 10 years. We don't plateau until into the second decade, so a significant amount of opportunities there, and then we'll bring in the Marathon assets as well. That very competitive cost of supply, when you -- if I'm just looking at the Permian, the cost supply that we've been drilling in 2024 with really good results, as you can see in the 3Q, very similar in 2025 as well, very robust, very durable out there.
Ryan Lance : Yes, on the supplier, the -- what we're seeing, kind of mixed results sort of in the supply chain and the categories of spend that you're talking about. We see some -- a bit of drop-off in rigs. We see some efficiency and maybe drop-off in pressure pumping, sand. We see some increases largely maybe on the OpEx side, chemicals, fuel, labor. So it's kind of a mixed bag. We haven't sort of -- we're in the process right now, Paul, of putting all that together to try to come up with an inflation/deflation estimate as we go into 2025. But it feels somewhat similar year to 2024. But we're in the middle of doing all that front-end work right now. I don't know if you have any more to add to that, Nick.
Nick Olds : Yes. I think, Paul, obviously, we continue to see deflation capture through 2024 across all major spend categories. Tubulars as it was the largest as we've seen that, up to a 30% reduction. We can see proppant going down, pressure pumping going down. And rig rates, even this quarter, we're seeing some modest deflation capture on rig rates as well as pumping services going in there. I think that's going to level out to some degree in 2025. Just depends on kind of overall supply/demand of those services as we look forward based on what commodity prices are going to be out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners.
Kevin MacCurdy : I appreciate all the details on the Lower 48 production growth. It's certainly differentiating. My question is on oil mix. Company oil mix fell a little bit quarter-over-quarter. Should we assume that was mainly driven by Surmont downtime? And what are your expectations for that oil mix in 4Q and going forward into next year?
Nick Olds : Well, yes, this is Nick. I'll talk a little bit about oil mix for Lower 48 and if there's any comments on the Alaska International, I'll turn it over to Kirk. Yes, our oil mix has really been tracking around 52% to 53% for a number of quarters if you've been tracking that. And third quarter is very consistent with the previous quarters. And so oil volumes grew around about 5% year-over-year. And as a reminder for the group, that really depends just due to the vast and deep and durable portfolio that we have in Lower 48. It depends on where we're drilling and bringing those new wells on related to oil mix. As you look forward into the few years, it's going to be, again, pretty consistent, 52%, 53% overall. We're very satisfied with how things are tracking. And as a reminder, too, for Lower 48 this year, we grew at 5% year-over-year.
Andy O'Brien : I'd just add, I think you sort of answered the question for us. And there was nothing particularly unusual in the oil mix this quarter. We just had the large turnaround activity in an asset that's 100% oil.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phillips Johnston with Capital One Securities.
Phillips Johnston : Just wanted to follow-up an earlier question about the Alaska transactions. Just wondering, how much production is associated with those deals? And I also wanted to confirm just that the impact isn't included in your fourth quarter production guidance.
Kirk Johnson : Yes, this is Kirk. In fact, we expect it to be, on the margin, several thousand barrels a day associated with those transactions. And it's a good ask, certainly left that off, which is we're currently expecting those transactions to close in fourth quarter, albeit we haven't formally factored that into our guidance. So expect us to update that as we think about next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leo Mariani with ROTH.
Leo Mariani : Just a couple of questions here just around the guidance here. So wanted to get a sense if you guys could quantify what you're expecting in the fourth quarter in terms of production turnarounds as well as CapEx and as well as OpEx here.
Andy O'Brien : This is Andy. So in terms of turnarounds, it's -- fourth quarter is a very small turnaround quarter for us. It's about 5,000 barrels a day, predominantly in Norway. I think we've given guidance for OpEx, sort of OpEx guidance is unchanged for the year. I think 1 thing I would add to that is that we did say on the last call that the third quarter would be the high quarter due to the heavy turnaround schedule, and that's exactly how things played out. It's also worth mentioning that we have -- we've beaten production this quarter by 27,000 barrels a day and upped the annual production by 10,000 barrels a day. And importantly, we have not increased the operating cost guidance as a result of that production increase. So we feel really good there. And then the same thing with the CapEx for the fourth quarter. That's playing out really exactly as we said on the last call. Most of what we suggested on the call has come to fruition, and we were kind of three things. We've covered most of these already, but we mentioned the Lower 48 non-operated activity typically tails off in the fourth quarter. That's exactly what we're seeing. We mentioned that out there the LNG, the CapEx there would go down as we go into -- more the project financing. That's exactly what we're seeing. And then as we talked about, we've seen some deflation in the Lower 48. So that all factors into sort of the lower CapEx number in the fourth quarter. So I think that covers the production OpEx and CapEx and turnaround. So I think I got all the drivers there for you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2024 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Liz, and I will be your operator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Phil Gresh, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Gresh: Thank you Liz, and welcome everyone to our second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. On the call today are several members of the ConocoPhillips leadership team, including Ryan Lance, Chairman and CEO; Bill Bullock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Andy O’Brien, Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial Sustainability and Technology; Nick Olds, Executive Vice President of Lower 48; and Kirk Johnson, Senior Vice President of Global Operations. Ryan and Bill will kick it off with opening remarks, after which the team will be available for your questions. A few quick reminders. First, along with today’s release, we published a supplemental financial materials and a slide presentation, which you can find on the Investor Relations website. Second, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results may differ due to factors noted in today’s release and in our periodic SEC filings. We will make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding measure can be found in today’s release and on our website. Third, before we move to Q&A, we will take one question per caller. With that, I will turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thanks Phil, and thank you to everyone for joining our second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. It was another busy quarter for the company. We continue to execute on our returns-focused value proposition. We announced a 34% increase in our ordinary dividend starting in the fourth quarter, we announced the planned acquisition of Marathon Oil, and we further progressed our global commercial LNG strategy. Now starting with the results. We delivered record production in the second quarter, with strong contributions from the entire portfolio. In the Lower 48, we still expect to deliver low single-digit production growth in 2024 at a lower level of capital spending relative to 2023. Internationally, production continued to ramp up at Surmont Pad 267 and the Montney in Canada, Bohai Phase 4B in China and 4 subsea tiebacks in Norway. And we continue to make strong progress at Willow and on our LNG projects at Port Arthur and Qatar. Now shifting to commercial LNG we recently signed two additional long-term regasification and sales agreements to deliver volumes into Europe and Asia, both of which will start in 2027. With these agreements, we have now secured just under 6 million tons per annum of volume placement for our offtake commitments, and we continue to work new offtake and placement opportunities as we look to expand our commercial LNG portfolio up to 10 million tons to 15 million tons per annum in the coming years. Now regarding our planned acquisition of Marathon Oil, we remain very excited about this transaction and integration planning activities are underway to ensure a seamless transition upon close. The Marathon Oil shareholder vote has been set for August 29, and we are working through the FTC’s second request that we received in mid-July. We still expect to close the transaction late in the fourth quarter. On return of capital, we remain committed to distributing at least $9 billion to shareholders this year on a stand-alone basis. As we said back in May, we will be incorporating our VROC into our base dividend starting in the fourth quarter, representing a 34% increase in the ordinary dividend. And consistent with our long-term track record, we are confident that we can grow this dividend at a top quartile rate relative to the S&P 500. Finally, as we previously announced with the Marathon acquisition, we will be increasing our annualized buyback run rate by $2 billion upon closing with a plan to retire the equivalent amount of newly issued equity in 2 to 3 years. So to wrap up, we’re pleased with our operational execution, and we are looking forward to closing the Marathon transaction later this year. Now let me turn the call over to Bill to cover our second quarter performance and 2024 guidance in more detail.
William Bullock: Well, thanks, Ryan. In the second quarter, we generated $1.98 per share in adjusted earnings. We produced 1,945,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, representing 4% underlying growth year-over-year and this includes the impact of 18,000 barrels per day of turnarounds. Lower 48 production averaged 1,105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with 748,000 in the Permian, 238,000 in the Eagle Ford and 105,000 in the Bakken. Alaska International production averaged 839,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, also representing roughly 4% underlying growth year-over-year, excluding the Surmont acquisition effects. Now this highlights the benefits of our diversified global portfolio. Moving to cash flows. Second quarter CFO was $5.1 billion, which included over $300 million of APLNG distributions. Working capital was $100 million headwind, which was lower than our guidance of $600 million as the expected timing of some of our tax payments shifted into the third quarter. Capital expenditures were just under $3 billion. We returned $1.9 billion to shareholders in the quarter, including $1 billion in buybacks and $900 million in ordinary dividends and VROC payments, and we ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $6.3 billion and $1 billion in longer-term liquid investments. Now turning to guidance. For the third quarter, we expect production to be in a range of 1.87 million to 1.91 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. This is inclusive of the 90,000 barrels per day of turnaround impacts that we discussed last quarter. The primary driver of that is our once every 5-year turnaround at Surmont, which will impact production by about 50,000 barrels per day during the quarter. For the full year, we have raised the midpoint of our production outlook, reflecting strong second quarter results. Our new range is 1.93 million to 1.94 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, which implies roughly 3% underlying growth year-over-year. Our full year turnaround forecast continues to be about 30,000 barrels per day. On income statement guidance items, we have lowered our DD&A guidance to a range of $9.3 billion to $9.4 billion and we have lowered our annual after-tax adjusted corporate segment net loss to a range of $800 million to $900 million. These decreases were partially offset by higher forecasted adjusted operating costs which we now anticipate to be in a range of $9.2 billion to $9.3 billion, primarily due to increased transportation and processing costs and inflationary pressures in the Lower 48. For CapEx, we expect to spend approximately $11.5 billion. Now this reflects strong progress on our Willow scope for the year as well as some additional capital allocated to Lower 48 partner operate activity that has highly competitive returns. On cash flow, we are increasing full year guidance for APLNG distributions by $100 million to $1.4 billion, and we expect $400 million of these distributions in the third quarter. Additionally, we’re going to have a $100 million pension contribution in the third quarter. Finally, regarding working capital. We anticipate a $500 million outflow based on the tax payment shift I mentioned from the second quarter to the third quarter. And as a reminder, guidance excludes the impact of pending acquisitions. So in conclusion, we continue to deliver on our strategic initiatives. We remain focused on executing our plan for 2024. We are committed to staying highly competitive on our shareholder distributions, and we’re progressing towards closing the Marathon transaction. That concludes our prepared remarks. I’ll now turn it back over to the operator to start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, Ryan and team. Thank you for taking the time. My question is just around everything buyback. So if you could just talk about share repurchase strategy and remind us, between now and August 29, you’re probably going to be out of the market. But your commitment to come back in the back half of the year and get to that over $9 billion -- at or above the $9 billion capital return number. So your perspective on taking advantage just on the volatility and as you plan for the back half as it relates to share repurchases.
William Bullock: Yes, Neil, we’re very confident in at least $9 billion of distributions for the year. And if you look at things, we’ve paid out about 40% of CFO in the first half of the year, and that’s despite having some restrictions on open market repurchases that are related to the Marathon transaction that we’ve had in place since May. And so as you look at things as a result of those restrictions, our $4.2 billion of distributions in the first half, that’s a bit below a $9 billion annualized run rate. But, the proxy is now mailed out and with regulatory requirements that we have in place, we’re restricted from buying back any of our shares until that Marathon shareholder vote, but that is just right around the corner. That’s August 29. And so, to answer your question, once the Marathon shareholder votes complete, you should expect us to be leaning into buybacks. And we think that’s really important because we’ve consistently been one of our largest buyers of stock every quarter. And you can run the math on that. It’s pretty straightforward. That’s at least $3 billion of buybacks that you should expect in the -- through the third and fourth quarter. And that would put us really right in line with our long-term track record of retiring about 5% of our shares on an annualized basis that we had since the strategy reset. And then as Ryan reiterated in his comments, once we close Marathon, we expect to be increasing our annualized buyback rate by $2 billion. That would put total annualized distributions at a run rate above 11%, inclusive of the dividend increase weighted for the fourth quarter. So yes, leaning into buybacks as we go through the remainder of the year and really quite a little bit of things to be looking forward to, pretty excited about.
Ryan Lance: And Neil, I would add that, look, the share price has been frustrating to watch through the first half of the year, and we get it, we’ve been out of the market due to the Marathon transaction. I would just remind everybody that the shareholders come first in our value proposition, and that’s been consistent since we reset in 2016. We retired over 400 million of our shares over that period of time. And the average price per share that we purchased is somewhere in the $70 per share price. So it’s been -- the program has been managed really well. If you look at cumulatively, our return of capital over that period of time from 2017 through what we expect to do at the end of this year, that’s nearly $57 billion of capital has gone back to our shareholder over that period of time, representing about 45% of our market cap today. So with the -- and why we’re excited about the Marathon transaction is there’s just going to be -- we’re going to be bigger, but we’re going to be better and we’re going to have more free cash flow, and we’re going to have more funds to distribute back to our shareholders and we’ll retire the shares, as I said in my opening comments, 2 years to 3 years just based on our plans as we see it today. So this is an important question. It probably got some undercurrent around the share price performance, which we’re not pleased with as well, but we’re determined to be back in the market as soon as we can. And then buy back the shares to get our return of capital target for 2024.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: Sorry, I was trying to turn off the mute button. How’s everybody doing? Ryan, it was good seeing you a couple of weeks ago. Thanks for taking my questions. So I got done out of a question last time. So I’m going to stick to one, but I want to make one comment very quickly, and that is that market recognition of value, Ryan, flows through the dividends for companies of your size. So I commend you on your decision on the dividend decision. And I think you only have to look at CNQ to see what I’m talking about. So congratulations on making that decision. My question, however, is on the deal you announced while I was out. And more importantly, the tax benefits, but I don’t think we’re really fleshed out on the Q&A. Marathon has a lot of legacy NOLs. And what I’m trying to understand is how you use that and whether or not that was incorporated into your risk, view [ph] of synergies? And if not, what that could look like ultimately in terms of value?
William Bullock: Yes, sure. Hi Doug, this is Bill. Yes, Marathon has, what, $2.8 billion of NOLs as of the end of the year -- last year of December 31, 2023, that’s a tax-affected value of about $600 million. And we certainly expect that Marathon will be using a portion of those losses in 2024 prior to closing, but as you point out, that this is a stock transaction. As such, we’d be assuming Marathon’s tax basis in its assets as well as any of those net operating losses that they have or NOLs. And so just as a reminder, we’re in a full tax cash paying position right now. And at today’s pricing, we would expect to be able to use any remaining NOLs within the first 3 years or so. And so what I think is important about this is that we don’t consider NOLs as synergies. We tend to think about synergies as things that we’re going to be taking action on. So we didn’t bring the NOLs up as part of the deal announcement. But yes, tax benefits are certainly something we consider as part of this transaction. They are real value.
Andrew O’Brien: And Doug, this is Andy. And as Bill mentioned, we didn’t include the NOLs as part of our synergies. But in terms of the synergy, things are progressing really well there, too. We remain very confident of achieving that $500 million synergy run rate within a year of closing, and we see upside to that number. So our activities are now progressing well. As we mentioned previously, we expect this to be a pretty seamless integration. We stood up our integration teams. They’re focused on reviewing the organizational structures and systems so that we can be ready to close as soon as we get to go. So there are some obvious G&A synergies, primarily focused on the back-office support, the corporate function duplication as well as system integrations. The other synergies that we’re looking at are on the operating cost side of things, so there’s clear adjacency of the operating areas, which is going to lead to efficiencies such as improved productive time of our field staff. We’re also going to be able to rationalize the field office. And on the capital side, we’ve been really digging in here, too. We’ve worked the cost-saving opportunities from several angles here. And a couple of examples would be our ability to run the consistent program of scale is going to drive savings. As we look deeper, we see opportunities to bring the use of our super zippers and reroute frac operations to the Mountain Eagle’s position. So on the synergy side of things, we’re progressing really well. We’re going to be ready to go day one as soon as the transaction closes.
Ryan Lance: And I’d say, Doug, add just one last, while I appreciate your comments on the dividend. Look, I’m probably the -- holdout on the team, given the history and having to make the decision back in 2016. So look, the company has gotten a lot bigger. We’ve gotten a lot better, and we’ve gotten a lot -- we’ve lowered our cost supply, dramatically more resource, more free cash flow, more cash flow, it’s at lower prices, as we’ve lowered our sustaining capital as well balance sheet’s in great shape. So it all lend itself to doing the dividend action that we’re going to do in the fourth quarter, consistent with the close of the Marathon transaction to your earlier comment. And lastly, on the -- we do this integration really well. Just look at our Concho experience, the Shell experience. We’ll do them really well, and we will over deliver on the synergies.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. My question is around LNG, and I’d be interesting to hear about how your strategy is evolving, specifically your REIT and regas agreement as [Indiscernible] and the Asia agreement. How are you thinking about regional targeting and contracting on the future takeaway if you get to that 10% to 15% that you’ve stated out there.
Andrew O’Brien: Hey Scott, this is Andy. I can take that one. As you mentioned, we have made further progress on marketing our LNG. We did secure a 0.75 MTPA of regas capacity at the Zeebrugge terminal in Belgium. And then we also entered into a long-term sales contract with an Asian buyer for approximately 0.5 MTPA. So these recent placements take our total now from the 4.5 we previously communicated to 6 MTPA. As a reminder, two of that is in support of the SPAs we have with Qatar. For competitive reasons, we don’t talk too much about in advance where we’re developing offtake sources or regas capacity. But as you can see from this quarter, we’re making really good progress on both fronts. And as we previously communicated, over the long-term, 10 to 15 MTPA would be a good range of capacity for us. At that size, we can achieve the full benefits of scale really across our organization. So I think we’re very happy with the progress we’ve made this quarter and I think everything is on track for what we’re trying to achieve here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betty Jiang with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Betty Jiang: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So I want to add about the upward movement in CapEx to the upper end of the guidance range, which was specifically attributed to Willow and then the non-operator activity, can you give us an update on how Willow is tracking versus your plan? And is that responsible for most of the increase in the budget?
Andrew O’Brien: Sure, Betty. This is Andy. Maybe I’ll start by just sort of clearing sort of the total guidance and then Kirk can take your Willow question directly. So we initially set a guidance range of $11 billion to $11.5 billion at the beginning of the year, and that included a number of uncertainties, including Willow. So we now have wrapped up a successful winter construction season and we’re halfway through the year. And we now have line of sight of achieving a scope of work at Willow around $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion this year. Any large projects such as Willow, achieving scope and milestones on time or early in the first few years is really quite critical to assess the foundation for us for success and derisk our project execution. As I said the other area we specifically called out is the Lower 48. There are a couple of moving parts here. We see the -- an increase in our partner-operated scope. And specifically here, when we’re balanced on attractive low-cost supply opportunities by partners, we’re going to participate. And then also on the operating side of things, we are seeing more work [ph] as a result of our efficiencies. So both the partner-operated activity and the efficiencies, they’re going to brought us some production benefit in 2025. So when we think about it, we’re pleased with the scope of work we’ve achieved so far this year and then the scope we’ve locked in for the second half. Given we’re halfway through the year, we’re now comfortable guiding that capital for the total year is going to be about $11.5 billion.
Kirk Johnson: Betty, this is Kirk. And I can give a little bit more color here on Willow specifically. Certainly, as Andy spoke to, our strong execution and the accomplishments that we’ve realized here in the first part of this year, just continues to give us a strong view of what Willow capital will be here in 2024. And that’s why we’re moving into this $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion range. Again, it is just a function of really strong execution across our workflows, and that is, of course, factored into our total company guidance. On any large projects such as Willow, achieving our scope and our milestones across the full suite of workflows from engineering through fabrication and construction all the way through supply chain in these first few years, especially having just taken FID here late last year. It’s just critical. And this sets the foundation for our success going forward as a project. Certainly, as you heard from me last quarter, our winter construction season here in 2024 wrapped up, and we were able to achieve all the critical scope that we had planned here despite some pretty challenging weather that caused some early delays, but ultimately, we were able to get all of that critical scope completed. On fabrication, the largest of our operation center modules, we completed ahead of schedule those modules shipped and they’ve now actually arrived in Alaska, and we have plans to take offload from bars to shore here this month in August. Engineering is also on track. And when we couple up the fact that we’re just doing really well on engineering as well as ramping up these operations center modules a bit early. It’s allowed us and our contractors to roll directly from fab to the ops center modules into the central processing facility modules. And we’re able to do that actually a couple of months better than planned, which just puts us in a strong position as this -- as we set this foundation for the large project. In fact, we cut steel here just last month in July. So I’ll wrap it up by, again, just reinforcing this first year post FID is important. And it’s also important in procurement. All of our major facility contracts have been landed in equipment orders. And in fact, we’re now at a place where we can say 80% of our total facility spend is wrapped up within contracts, and we continue to make progress on that here as we move into the second half of the year. So again, across all the workflows, just hitting these milestones early is really important and it gives us a lot of confidence to reinforce our prior guide on total project capital, and we’re still on track for a 2029 first oil [ph].
Ryan Lance: And Betty, I would step back just at a very high level, a couple of comments on my side too. You -- shareholders should want us doing this. This is derisking the big project, as Kirk described, and on the extra work that Andy talked about, look, our choice is to cut back our operating program to get some capital number for the year, and that’s not a good decision either. So rather than cut back an operating program just to cover for additional ballots we’re getting from other operators, doesn’t make a lot of sense to us given the cost of supply of those opportunities. So we’re wanting to fund both of them at this stage.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Richardson with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Stephen Richardson: Thank you. I wonder if you could just follow up on that last comment, Ryan, in terms of activity in the Lower 48. So it sounds like a combination of more OBO and also maintaining your program. Can you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing on the leading edge of service costs and I appreciate that, that probably doesn’t show up in high-level numbers in terms of the second half of this year, but if you could foreshadow kind of what you’re seeing on the leading edge and what that could mean for 2025?
William Bullock: Maybe I’ll just start that, and Nick can talk to the details of Lower 48. So in terms of inflation and deflation, as we previously communicated, we’re seeing a bit of a bifurcation this year with Lower 48 seeing deflation, while ANI is experiencing some inflation. Now I’d say right at the margin, we’re seeing slightly more deflation than we expected in the Lower 48, while ANI is slightly higher than expected, but that’s right at the margin. Overall, our full year expectation is still in the low single-digit annual average deflation company-wide as we previously guided. I’ll let Nick provide a bit more color on the Lower 48. But industry-wide, what we’re seeing, we’ve seen a 20% drop in rig and frac activity over the last 12 months, driven by efficiency gains and activity reductions. And those efficiency improvements are still resulting in higher production, specifically to the Lower 48, where we are seeing high single to low double-digit deflation in some of our key spend categories.
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Steve. This is Nick. Just a little more commentary. For the first half, we have seen continued deflation around pumping services, the proppant, there’s an oversupply of proppant out in the Permian. So we’re seeing some price reduction in there. We think that will continue into the second half. And we spoke about OCTG as well. We see that it will probably continue in the second half as well. We’ll probably see a little bit of curtail or decrease in deflation in the second half going into 2025 because we’ve seen fairly large gains over the first half of 2024. But overall, we’re capturing that. And when you look at Lower 48 general, we’ll have a full run rate, if you look from July through December, we’ll capture that deflation. That’s where we see the fact that our 2024 budget is modestly lower than 2023, primarily driven by that market deflation capture.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Royall with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
John Royall: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So my question is on production. I’m just looking at your guidance for 3Q and then backing into the guidance for 4Q from your full year guide, it looks like a pretty steadily increasing profile throughout the year if I add back the turnaround impact in 3Q. And I think that’s in line with how you’ve talked about the year generally, but maybe you could just give a little color on the moving pieces in production between the different regions as we progress the back half of the year outside of the turnaround impact you’ve already called out.
Andrew O’Brien: Yes. Sure. I can take that one. And I think that -- the short answer is, yes, it is pretty steady when you adjust the turnarounds. We’re expecting organic production to grow 2% to 4% in 2024, and that should be pretty consistent across the Lower 48 and Alaska and International. And as Bill said in his prepared remarks, organic production was up roughly 4% year-over-year in the second quarter, which is towards the top end of our guidance, again, with a balance across Lower 48 and ANI. Now if you look at our production profile this year and I think is what you’re alluding to, is that if you exclude the turnarounds, we’re basically growing at 1% each quarter, it’s pretty straightforward. The profile is being masked a bit in the third quarter as that’s one of our heaviest turnaround quarters in some time with the 90,000 barrels a day of turnaround impact that Bill mentioned in the prepared remarks. Maybe just to give a little bit more color on that. That 90,000 barrels is split 50 in Canada, 20 in the Lower 48, 6 in Alaska, 5 in Norway and then 4 in Malaysia and Qatar. And in the Lower 48 specifically, now our second quarter actually outperformed our expectations, and we are expecting production to be fairly flat in the third quarter, and that’s due to the turnaround I just mentioned at the 20,000 barrels a day that we have at Eagle Ford. Then we’ll be up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. So bottom line, we’re tracking right in line with our guidance, just the quarter-to-quarter is somewhat masked a bit with the turnaround activity that you’re seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger Read: Yes, thanks, good morning. Maybe come back on the guidance side on the OpEx front. Obviously, you’re talking about cost going up a little bit. You’ve talked about some of the things on the CapEx side. I didn’t know if those were tied together like higher activity, higher costs. What part of this is kind of internal versus external? And broadly speaking, what are the inflationary pressures?
Andrew O’Brien: Sure, Roger. This is Andy. I can take that one. As Bill mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have raised the guidance to $9.2 million to $9.3 million for the full year. Now about half of this is from our Lower 48 non-operating position and then the other half is our own lifting cost. It’s primarily a result of the higher transportation and processing costs, some higher utilities and some additional workover activity. And we have been experiencing some of these impacts in the second quarter and we’re now incorporating those into the full year guidance. Another point I would make is that, as a reminder, the third quarter is going to be our large turnaround that I just referred to. So with that, we will actually see the third quarter be the high point of the controllable costs for this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Ryan Todd: Hey thanks. Maybe if I could follow up on the LNG topic from earlier. Congrats on the two announced uptake bills that you have in the LNG business. Maybe can you speak more broadly in terms of what you’re seeing on -- as you’ve got out and market the gas, what you’re seeing more broadly on appetite and market dynamics for LNG sales contracts, and maybe how you think about global supply-demand dynamics over the next couple of years in those markets?
Andrew O’Brien: Yes, I can take that one, too, in terms of what we’re seeing. In terms of the offtake side of things, maybe I’ll comment from the offtake and the marketing. In terms of the offtake side of it, we’re happy with our position, and we continue to look for further opportunities at competitive pricing and the high likelihood of FID. The LNG pools is causing some questions from potential buyers on the timing of things. But again, against this backdrop, we’ve been able to sign two deals this quarter. And I think that clearly highlights the benefits of our permitted project. And in terms of the marketing of the LNG, we remain happy with the demand we continue to see, both in Europe and Asia for new LNG. And we’re continuing to work opportunities across the globe. And there’ll be more to come on that as we address them. We don’t talk too much about them in advance. But I’d say, big picture, we remain constructive on LNG and the role it’s going to play. And we’re quite pleased with the progress that we’re making to grow our position out in the 10 to 15 MTPA that we’ve previously communicated.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann with Truist. Your line is now open.
Neal Dingmann: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the time. My question is on the Permian gas takeaway and maybe Lower 48 realization expectations. I’m just wondering, you all suggest you expect the Permian gas prices to remain depressed, and they can tell the -- more third-party pipeline capacity is added. And my question is, are you all thinking the pressure could be for several years ahead? And would you all consider curtailing anything until gas rebound? I know you have mostly oil. So just enough if there was anything to potentially curtail.
William Bullock: Yes, Neal. So as we indicated on our first quarter earnings call, we expected Lower 48 gas realizations in the second quarter to be particularly low. You’ll recall at that time, Permian Basin pricing was a -- printing negative. That is, in fact, how things played out for the quarter. You saw a negative Waha [ph] first of month and gas daily pricing through the quarter. So yes, first month, Lower 48 realizations were just under 20% of Henry Hub in the quarter. Now we’ve got a significant portion of our production is Permian Basin. We’ve said that we ship to multiple markets out of the Permian, including the Gulf Coast and West Coast, but a sizable portion of our production does receive in-basin pricing. And as we went through the second quarter, there was increased maintenance activity in the Permian Basin that put downward pressure on pricing. The basin is pretty constrained right now. Takeaways fully utilized. Outages are an issue. We would expect that trend to continue into the third quarter. Relief is really coming later in the third quarter with Matterhorn Pipeline coming on, adding some significant takeaway. We think that’s going to be really helpful for Permian Basin pricing as we look towards the end of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter and should improve overall Lower 48 capture rates as we go forward. The other thing I’d just note, as you look at the second quarter, you think about the remainder of the year is that in the second quarter, not only was Permian Basin pricing low, but a lot of the premium markets were impacted. California border pricing traded at a discount to Henry Hub, which is a bit unusual. Inventory levels were high, milder weather was going on. I would expect as we go out of the shorter months and into the fall that, that will resolve itself, too. But the big thing we’re looking for is additional takeaway capacity coming out of the Permian Basin with Matterhorn picking up. And we’ve got a little bit of capacity on that. And then to your point about would you think about curtailing, well, as we’ve said repeatedly, for ConocoPhillips, this is a pricing issue, not a flow assurance issue. And that’s really important because we’re primarily investing in oil-producing opportunities in the Permian Basin, and we do not routinely flare. So being able to move that production is important. So we’re a long way away from looking at curtailing oil production, but we are looking forward to additional capacity coming out of the Permian Basin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Leo Mariani with ROTH. Your line is now open.
Leo Mariani: I want to just touch base on a couple of your different operating areas from a production perspective. Eagle Ford volumes were up very, very sharply this quarter. And you also saw a pretty nice rise in your Canadian Montney volumes as well. So I was hoping you can give a little color around those. I mean, some of the jump in Eagle Ford production, somewhat temporary, maybe there was a lot of turn in lines and expect production here to moderate later this year. And also on the Montney stuff, is that just going to kind of steadily grow? Just trying to get a sense of trajectory on that asset also. Thanks.
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Leo, I’ll start here. So on Eagle Ford, you’re right, we’re really encouraged with the production. We hit 238,000 barrels equivalent per day versus 197,000 from Q1. And take the group back, we had that frac gap that we had in the second half of 2023, and then we reinstated that frac crew. And so you’re really seeing the benefit in Q2 as we work through that inventory. So really encouraged with the wells that we placed online end of Q1 and in Q2. So we’ve seen a strong bump in the production area. Wells are performing very strong throughout. Now as Andy mentioned, on the turnarounds, we’re currently going through, as we speak, large turnaround in Eagle Ford, that’s going as planned, as expected. So we’ll be slightly down on that. That’s 20,000 barrels per day impact equivalent per day for Q3 and you’ll expect to have Q4 back up and running. So really strong performance on Eagle Ford overall.
William Bullock: Yes. And Leo, you asked about Montney as well. We had a really strong start here in 2024, where in second quarter -- this last quarter, we averaged 43,000 barrels equivalent today. And I, too can take you back a bit. That’s more than double relative to same quarter last year. And then we’re up quarter-over-quarter as well, roughly 3,000 barrels a day. And all that’s just being driven by us bringing additional wells online as we seek to fill this new CPF2 capacity, obviously, that we commissioned here late last year. Also for Montney, our production rates have been in line with our type curves. So really pleased with how we’re seeing those wells come online. And we do, in fact, continue to expect to modestly grow our production throughout 2024, albeit, as you know, and you’ve witnessed from us in the Lower 48, unconventional profiles, they can be a bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter. And so I’ll guide you here a little bit. We do expect third quarter to be pretty flat in the second quarter, but then we’ll start to see an uptick again here in the last quarter of the year. So of course, naturally, we’re seeking to make sure our production remains in sync with this new processing facility and offtake capacity that having just added last year, again, it’s 100 million cubic feet a day of gas processing capacity and an additional 30 million cubic feet in both crude and condensate handling capacity with this new phase. And so having brought on the second rig earlier this year, we’re just slowly ramping into that new capacity, and we expect that to continue here modestly into the future. So just again, pleased with how we’re making some progress on our wells activities, their performance and then, obviously, everything that we’re gaining from the experience we have in the Lower 48.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kalei Akamine with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kalei Akamine: Hey good morning guys. I’d like to follow up on the gas discussion. You talked a little bit about how your Permian is well set up through year-end. To the extent you can, I’d like you to expand on that and talk about how the macro is shaping out through the end of 2025. And longer term, maybe that macro gets a little bit more interesting due to power and exports. So as you sort of assess that change, I’m wondering if you think your portfolio is appropriately positioned to exploit that kind of macro.
Andrew O’Brien: Hi, Kalei, I can take this. Andy here. Maybe I’ll start with the demand side of that and then we can talk about sort of how we might respond to that. So I think you set up the narrative pretty well there in terms of sort of -- we are expecting to see tailwinds in sort of demand for gas on the LNG side, of the data center side and transportation needs. So just the under construction LNG plants, we’re going to add 10 to 15 Bcf a day over the next several years. That’s alongside the broader electrification trends. There has been a lot of forecasts. I think we’ve all seen them on AI-driven power demand, and they’re all constructive for natural gas demand. But I do want to point out, it’s important, so there are lots of different factors at play here such as a pace of those data center build-outs, constraints on the power expansion, the expected improvement in efficiency. So we’re still carefully working through that piece of the equation in terms of just seeing how material it’s going to be over time. But absolutely, we do see it driving demand. Then sort of going to the second half of the question, sort of what does that mean for us? So in terms of our portfolio, we have a lot of gas opportunities in our portfolio that we’re not currently developing today, a lot of dry gas opportunities. Now also, we have a lot of associated gas in unconventionals and we could choose to basically target gassier parts of the unconventionals. But for us, the bottom line is, it’s got to compete on a cost of supply basis where we are today to make the cut for our annual capital program. And the really nice thing about these gas opportunities is if the demand is there and the support is there, we can pivot very quickly to the gas in our portfolio if it makes sense, and it’s competing on a cost of supply basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Bob Brackett: Good morning. And I’ll return to Willow project. It’s perhaps $7 billion of CapEx. It’s the biggest project, I think, on the North Slope in the last 20 years. And so I’ll ask some questions that are a little nitpicky to get comfort around the doability of the project. And I guess, on the facility side of spend, you mentioned the arrival of the operations center. The other pieces of the facility, I guess, are the drill pads and then the central processing facility, what’s the design philosophy around those? And how do you get comfort that you’re in strong control of those?
Kirk Johnson: Bob, this is Kirk. Yes, certainly, good questions. We’ve been very proactive in how we planned this project out over the coming years. And certainly, what you’re hearing from me is how that’s playing out for us, which is -- it’s a combination, of course, naturally, what we’re seeking to build as much of these modules outside of the Alaska North Slope, where we have pretty challenging weather conditions. It’s remote. And it takes a lot of effort and a lot of planning to do what we can do each winter within those winter construction seasons. And so we’ve been very purposeful in how we identify areas in which we can aggregate and build these large modules off-site, whether it be in Alaska or in other regions globally and build those certainly with preferred contractors and partners that can progress those with us. You’ve heard how I’ve described, we’ve locked up bulk of our spend upwards of 80% of our total facility spend in the fabrication as well as in the construction of all of this, whether it be off-site, through the modules. Obviously, we have to work on the transportation, see lifting those into Alaska. We’re still making a few truckables in pieces of work that are appropriate that we can do there in Alaska and exploit the talent and the labor markets that we have in Alaska. And then, of course, we’re transporting all of that to the North Slope. And these are across multiple winter construction seasons, which is why you hear me describe the good work that we had this year. We do actually have expectations of even more work next year in 2025 on the North Slope. And again, that’s all weather dependent. And this is why it’s so important for us when we have good weather to knock that scope out when we have that opportunity. And so we purposely staged and created this project so that we can get that scope done. We expect to have our peak activity both in fabrication and construction in Alaska across 2024 and the 2025 years, expect that to stair-step down. But again, that’s premised on good weather, strong line of sight to our contractors. And so we just feel like we’ve got a really strong foundation to how this project is starting just immediately post FID. So really happy with how all this is looking for us, Bob.
Ryan Lance: And Bob, I’d add a couple of other things just from my long-term experience on the North Slope. This is, I don’t know, 25th or more drill site that we’ve built on the North Slope. They’re all truck and lateral designs. They’re the same design that we’ve done on drill sites for the last 10 or 15 years. So we know how to do that. We’ve done a lot of them and this isn’t any incremental scope. And then on the, central facilities to your question, we’ve done both. We’ve stick built facilities on the North Slope during our winter construction season, and we’ve built them off-site and sealifted them up. And the important part for Willow is the size of the opportunity there for us and the size and scope of the facilities lend themselves to offsite fabrication, and I think the team did a great job hitting the window pretty well on the Gulf Coast when there was ramping down of activity, we could slot our project in pretty quickly get the good productivity. And then as we’ve already demonstrated our ability to sealift the facilities up to the North Slope, it’s gotten really well with the first set of facilities showing up. So that’s an important distinction because a lot of stick built on the North Slope, but the size of Willow, to us, demonstrated the need to go off-site and build it on the Gulf Coast, get -- take advantage of better productivity and year-round building and then ship to the North Slope. So that should give you some comfort. We know what we’re doing. We’ve done this before. And these are just repeats of stuff we’ve done in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners. Your line is now open.
Kevin MacCurdy: Hi, good morning. To build on the earlier question about CapEx, your first half CapEx was in line, but now you’re pointing to that kind of the high end of the range for the year. We would assume that the Willow spend is more geared towards fourth quarter. But when do you see -- or when do you expect to see the higher activity in CapEx from the partner-operated activity, and how material is the production impact for non-activity?
Nicholas Olds: Yes. Let me jump in here, Kevin. And then Kirk, if you want to add anything on this as well. Maybe I’ll just take you back to the total capital for Lower 48. As Ryan mentioned, we expect capital to be modestly lower compared to 2023, mainly driven by that market deflation. Now on the operated side, we -- as we mentioned before, we are fairly flat on rig and frac crew counts, and that’s driven by that improved operating capital efficiencies and that we continue to realize through 2024, and we’ll have deflation capture. Now on the non-operated side, to your point, capital is higher as we’ve seen higher amount of Permian non-operated ballots than anticipated relative to the 2024 guidance given. So that’s higher activity. And as Andy mentioned, we’ll continue to participate in those these investments are attractive within our cost supply framework and our competitive compared to our operating program. We’ve seen that through 2Q especially, and that’s why we’ve raised guidance. We do detailed analysis on all of these as we go through our cost supply framework. Now if I look in the second half of this year, we’ll continue to realize the benefit of the deflation. And like we’ve seen in previous years, that non-op activity typically tails off kind of the back end of Q3 and then Q4. So we expect that as well. So again, just kind of circling back, our capital for the year is just modestly lower than 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Alright, thank you. Hey guys good morning. Maybe this is -- Ryan or maybe for [indiscernible]. If we’re looking at for 2025 and 2026, in terms of CapEx, can you share with us some of the moving parts there up and down comparing to 2024, I would imagine, home office lending will be way down, but it looks like Alaska may actually be up the spending from [indiscernible]. So if you can give us some idea that what is the key moving parts that we should take into consideration?
Ryan Lance: Go ahead, Andy.
Andrew O’Brien: Yes. Paul, you’ve highlighted a few of the moving parts that we’re having in 2025. But at this point, it’s a bit early for us to be talking about what the 2025 capital spend is going to be, particularly when we were prior to closing the Marathon transaction. So I think that’s going to have to wait until we get through later through the year and get the math and transaction closed before we’re going to be wanting to talk in detail about 2025 CapEx.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Silverstein with UBS. Your line is now open.
Joshua Silverstein: Yes, thanks guys. Just wanted to get an update on some of the LNG product development. I was curious if the permitting slowdown in the U.S. has actually helped the pace of development at Port Arthur. And then it’s -- I think it’s been about a year since the Saguaro LNG announcement. I just wanted to get an update on that project, too. Thanks.
Andrew O’Brien: Yes. It’s Andy, I can take that one. On Port Arthur, specifically, as you mentioned, that is our Phase 1 is a fully permitted project. We started construction of the [indiscernible] construction there with the contractor. And at this stage, I just say things are on track. Really not much else to say in terms of the construction of the project at this point, it’s on track and going as planned. And then I think your second question was really on NPL. This one -- this impacted projects in U.S. and Mexico, these are impacted by the pause. And that is impacting the FID there. But I’d probably point you to go and -- so those questions are probably better answered by NPL in terms of sort of the pace of the project and where they’re at. We see, like you see sort of critical milestones being progressed. But they face the same regulatory hurdles that the rest of the industry does. You mentioned, you’re correct that we have we’ve agreed to take 2.2 MTPA of offtake in NPL. So we’re clearly watching the progress there, too, but that one is contingent on the LNG pause.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2024 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Liz, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions].
 I will now turn the call over to Phil Gresh, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Philip Gresh: Thank you, Liz, and welcome, everyone, to our First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, we have several members in the ConocoPhillips' leadership team, including Ryan Lance, Chairman and CEO; Tim Leach, Adviser to the CEO; Bill Bullock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Andy O'Brien, Senior Vice President of Strategy, Commercial Sustainability and Technology; Nick Olds, Executive Vice President of Lower 48; and Kirk Johnson, Senior Vice President of Global Operations. 
 Ryan and Bill will kick it off with opening remarks, after which the team will be available for your questions. A few quick reminders. First, along with today's release, we published supplemental financial materials and a slide presentation, which you can find on the Investor Relations website. Second, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results may differ due to factors noted in today's release and in our periodic SEC filings. We will make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in today's release and on our website. And third, of course, when we move to Q&A, we will be taking one question per caller. 
 So with that, I will turn it over to Ryan. 
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Phil, and thank you to everyone for joining our first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. It was another solid quarter of focused execution across the portfolio on our strategic plan. Starting with our international projects. We continue to ramp up production at Surmont Pad 267 in Canada, Bohai Bay 4B in China and 3 subsea tiebacks in Norway. And we expect to start up the fourth subsea tieback in Norway in the next month. In Canada at Montney, production reached a new record level following the start-up of the second central processing facility, leading to over 20% growth versus the fourth quarter. 
 Shifting to our other projects. We are wrapping up a successful first major winter construction season at Willow this week and module fabrication is going according to plan. As we build out our LNG portfolio, our Qatar and Port Arthur projects are also progressing well. 
 Moving to the Lower 48. Our primary focus remains on capital efficient growth as we continue to improve efficiency in drilling and completions. For 2024, we still expect to deliver low single-digit production growth at flat activity levels with lower capital spending versus 2023. Shifting to return of capital, we remain on track to distribute at least $9 billion to shareholders this year. And we announced a VROC of $0.20 per share for the second quarter, consistent with our guidance of a 60-40 split between buybacks and cash distributions for the year. 
 To wrap up, it was a solid start to the year. We are on track with the full year guidance that we laid out back in February, which anticipates a well-balanced growth across our global portfolio. And as we discussed in our Analyst and Investor Meeting last year, we continue to invest in our deep, durable and diverse asset base, which will drive significant cash flows and shareholder distributions over the course of our 10-year plan. 
 Now let me turn the call over to Bill to cover our first quarter performance and 2024 guidance in more detail. 
William Bullock: Thanks, Ryan. In the first quarter, we generated $2.03 per share in adjusted earnings. We produced 1,902,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, representing 2% underlying growth year-over-year. Lower 48 production averaged 1,046,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day with 736,000 in the Permian, 197,000 in the Eagle Ford and 96,000 in the Bakken. Now this included a 25,000 barrel per day headwind from weather, which impacted Lower 48 production by about 2% and was slightly higher than the 20,000 barrel per day guidance provided on the fourth quarter call. 
 As a result, Lower 48 underlying growth was roughly 1% year-over-year. Now for the rest of the company, Alaska International production averaged 856,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, representing roughly 4% underlying growth year-over-year, excluding the Surmont acquisition effects, and this really highlights the benefit of our diversified global portfolio. 
 Moving to cash flows. First quarter CFO was $5.1 billion, which included APLNG distributions of $521 million. Capital expenditures were $2.9 billion. Debt retirement payments were $500 million, and this was partially offset by proceeds of $200 million from disposition of non-core assets. And we returned $2.2 billion to shareholders in the quarter, including $1.3 billion in buybacks and $900 million in ordinary dividends and VROC payments. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $6.3 billion and $1.1 billion in longer-term liquid investments. 
 Turning to guidance. We've maintained our full year production outlook of 1.91 million to 1.95 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, which translates to 2% to 4% underlying growth. And for the second quarter, we expect production to be in the range of 1.91 million to 1.95 million barrels a day equivalent, also which represents a similar 2% to 4% year-over-year underlying growth. Our full year turnaround forecast is 30,000 barrels per day. This includes 25,000 barrels per day of turnarounds in the second quarter, primarily in Alaska, Norway and Qatar and 90,000 barrels per day for the third quarter. And as we mentioned on the last earnings call, the heavy third quarter maintenance was driven by our once every 5-year turnaround at Surmont. 
 For CapEx, our full year guidance remains $11 billion to $11.5 billion with a greater weight to the first half of the year. Now this is due to the $400 million of equity contributions at Port Arthur LNG that are almost entirely in the first half of the year, as we discussed on the last call. For APLNG, we expect $300 million of distributions in the second quarter with no change to full year guidance of $1.3 billion. 
 And finally, for the second quarter, we're forecasting a $600 million working capital outflow related to tax payments and timing in the U.S. and Norway. All other full year guidance items are unchanged. So we continue to deliver on our strategic initiatives. We remain focused on executing our plan for 2024 and we're committed to staying highly competitive on our shareholder distributions. 
 That concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn it back over to the operator to start the Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Devin McDermott from Morgan Stanley. 
Devin McDermott: I wanted to ask about Alaska. You noted that you just completed the first and are completing the first winter construction season for the Willow project. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more detail on what was completed this past winter, how it went versus plan? And as we look ahead, what are some of the next key milestones we should be focused on for the project. 
Kirk Johnson: Devin, this is Kirk. Yes. So we had a really strong start to project execution here on Willow this year. We were actively closing out here this week actually, our first major winter construction season on the North Slope where we were able to successfully mobilize over 1,200 workers and were able to successfully build out 7 miles of gravel road, 30 miles of gravel pads, 30 acres of gravel pads for future facilities. And we've successfully constructed all of the pipelines that we planned for this winter season. Certainly, in addition, module fabrication has continued to progress really well here this winter and this spring. And we're expecting to be ready to transport the first of those modules to the North Slope here on schedule here midyear, which is the Willow operations center. 
 We still expect to be in the range of $1.5 billion here for 2024 and the progress that we're making here this year gives us confidence to keep our estimate on total capital to first production as being remaining unchanged. So we're still in that $7 billion to $7.5 billion range. And again, that's underpinned not just by the progress that we're making here on construction here this year, both on the North Slope and our offsite module fabrication. But we continue to make some really strong progress on our contractual scope. 
 We've landed 3/4 of our total project scope here to date, and we have an expectation that we could be upwards of 90% of our total scope contractor here by year-end. And so as we look forward here for the remainder of the year, obviously, we're going to continue off-site module fabrication for production facilities, and then we'll continue to ramp up both procurement and certainly prepare for the follow-on winter construction season. So again, great progress here on the Willow project this year and putting us in a really strong position. We do these projects a lot in Alaska, and it's great to see the teams making the progress they are here yet again this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: I wanted to spend some time talking about return of capital, and it is notable in the release you talked about at least $9 billion. So just your framework for thinking about what the right level of return of capital, it is early in the year. Oil prices have been volatile, gas prices have been weak, but certainly, you have a terrific balance sheet and have the capacity to raise that number. So I'd love your perspective on that. 
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Neil. No, I think we want to divestiture. Look, we believe we're in good shape with the 9 day that we described early in the year. I think you look at a reasonable percentage of our cash flow through the first quarter of this year, similar to what we've done in years past. We recognize that the price that we're experiencing today is well above our mid-cycle. So our investors should expect well above 30% of our cash flow going back to them. 
 We're monitoring kind of the volatility, as you mentioned, Neil, and again, it's not just sort of in WTI or Brent markers, it's in all the markers, NGL, LNG and natural gas as well. So it's a function where we just want to see some durability to some of the prices to see where they end the year and you can expect to get a fair percentage of our cash flow return back to our shareholders like we've done over the last number of years. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lloyd Byrne with Jefferies. 
Francis Lloyd Byrne: Ryan, can you just comment strategically on the Permian gas and just kind of how you see that playing out? You guys have been really proactive in integrating some of that gas and looking forward, but any target levels you have? And maybe just how you're thinking about some of those differentials. 
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Lloyd. I can -- Bill's got some information there that he can share. I think you're right. We've been thinking about this for the last number of years trying to build out an LNG strategy and to complement what we're doing on the commercial side, the gas that we move around the Lower 48 to expose ourselves to some of the arms that are open even today. So I can let Bill add a little bit more color to that. 
William Bullock: Yes, sure. Lloyd, so as we talked about in the past, we have -- we shipped to multiple markets. We've got transport capacity to the Gulf. We've got transport capacity on West Coast. We're very supportive of offtake capacity from the Permian Basin. In fact, we do have some firm capacity on the upcoming Matterhorn pipeline, but a sizable portion of our volume also is exposed to prices and in-basin pricing. We don't disclose what percentage moves to each location for commercial reasons. But a really good way to think about the company's realizations is as a percentage of capture of first of month Henry Hub pricing that's what we show. 
 First quarter, we were about 70% realization. That was a little bit higher than fourth quarter, so in a good position. And obviously, the Permian Basin has got some transitory issues right now with gas pricing, you're start seeing pricing go negative in towards the end of the first quarter and as we go into the second quarter. So I think everyone is expecting to see a lot of volatility this year. We certainly expect realization in the second quarter to be particularly low, but these are transitory that as we come out the back of the year with takeaway capacity, we expect that to return to more normal levels. 
 And as you know, we've got a very sophisticated gas marketing organization. We are moving several multiples of our equity production. So our flow assurance is very good for the company, and we've got access to competitive market pricing. And that flow insurance really is important because we don't routinely flare, and we want to be able to continue to produce mix, we've got strong return profiles in the Permian, primarily driven by oil. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets. 
Scott Hanold: I'd like to take a look at the Lower 48 activity. Obviously, 1Q is down a little bit just because of the weather, but can you give us some color on how you see that progressing through the year? Should we see a nice bounce back in 2Q and then that steady kind of slow single-digit kind of rise through the course of the rest of this year? 
Nicholas Olds: Yes. This is Nick, Scott. Maybe I'll take you through kind of the Permian update in Lower 48, what we see -- as you noted there, we had the headwinds of weather downtime, as Bill referenced in his prepared remarks. As we look at that, we would have -- you exclude weather, we have about 3% year-over-year of growth there. In addition, remember, we took the operational frac gap at Eagle Ford in the second half of 2023. So we had some impact in Q1 there because of wells coming online kind of the second half of the Q1 time period. Overall, for Permian, we're very focused on just driving efficient operations out there. We've got flat activity with rigs and frac crews. We may bump up quarter-to-quarter. I'd also mention that on the first half of our development plan out in the Permian is really focused on the Delaware and then we'll pivot to on the second half more oil weighted towards the Midland Basin, where we've got some of our larger pad projects and some 3-mile laterals coming online. 
 Again, Scott, the teams are just, again, laser focused on capital efficiency, both on drilling and completions. We see good results from the combination of, for example, simul-frac and remote fracs. So we continue to see those efficiency improvements on the operating side for fracs. And then on the drilling side, I think we've mentioned several times, we've got a real-time drilling intelligence group out there monitoring the rigs 24/7. So that's really seeing promise as well. 
 So on the efficiency front, we're seeing that roll through. If you look back as far as taking in account the weather that Bill had mentioned on 25,000 barrels equivalent per day and also accounting for the impact of the Eagle Ford frac app, you can look at 1Q kind of being the low point for the year around production, we'll see progressively higher production kind of Q2, Q3, Q4. And again, we've got some larger pad projects coming on in second half of the year in the Midland Basin. So increasingly favorable trajectory on production. All in, as we talked about before, the plan that we laid out was low single digits of growth in that 2% to 4% range. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betty Jiang with Barclays. 
Wei Jiang: Nick, you set that up for me really well because I want to follow up on the Permian and then the efficiency gains that you guys are seeing. We are hearing from other operators significant efficiencies from e-fracs and longer laterals. I would just love to get more color what you guys are seeing and how that's tracking versus the corporate plan and importantly, how that's getting translated into the capital efficiency that you're seeing in the basin relative to plan? 
Nicholas Olds: Yes. Well, good. Let's start on some of the longer laterals. I talked a little about previously on the operating efficiency on the frac spreads and drilling. Again, our teams are very focused on long lateral development as we go forward. As a reminder for the group on the phone, if you look at our Permian inventory, 80% of the laterals are 1.5 miles or greater, and we got 60% 2 miles or greater. If you look specifically at 2024, again, 80% of the wells or 1.5 miles or greater and about 20% are 3-mile laterals. And we've got -- as I mentioned before, we got some of those longer laterals coming online in the second half of this year. 
 We see up to that 30% to 40% improvement on cost of supply when you move from a 1-mile lateral to a 3-mile lateral. So we're seeing those efficiency improvements out there. Maybe just staying on the drilling side, specifically in the Midland Basin. We've had some recent success there, where we've had internal record wells. We look from spud to rig release, so very favorable performance over the last 3 months, and we continue to see that on the drilling side. And the bottom line is it does translate as we focus in on more feet per day, more stages per day, more pumping hours per day. And we've seen that 10% to 15% improvement of pumping hours from 2022 to 2033. That all translates to improved capital efficiency and therefore, lowering your cost supply. So it's very encouraging across all fronts. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. 
Roger Read: Maybe, Ryan, just get your updated thoughts on the global LNG market. You've obviously got a pretty good footprint, you're expanding it here, just how you're thinking about it over the next let's say, 2 to 3 years as some of these newer projects come online? 
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Roger. I'll take a shot and maybe let Andy chime in a little bit as well. But as I said earlier, I think we certainly step back to a few years ago and wanted to continue to grow our LNG exposure in that position. We know the markets. We have our own technology. We know the business quite well, and we do have a strategic intent to continue to try to grow that. And it's really participating in all facets of it, the production side here in North America, in Qatar, in Australia, being in the liquefaction side here in North America and elsewhere being -- having ships and being in the regas potential as well. 
 So trying to grow that integrated business as well even at sort of the lower Henry Hub prices you see today, the arb is still open to make money and make a decent rate of return as you move some of that LNG to Europe and to Asia it's a long-term business that we're interested in. So I can let Andy chime in on a few more specifics as well. 
Andrew O'Brien: Yes. Thanks, Ryan, and thanks, Roger, for the question. I think this is a bit of our business that I don't think is completely understood. So it might be helpful if I just put sort of some of the details around it. As Ryan said, if you go back all the way to 2022, we increased our ownership on the resource side with taking more equity in APLNG. And then we've also participated in the 2 Qatari expansion projects. 
 And I think where you were specifically going with your question on really more from the commercial perspective. So on the Gulf Coast, we've secured 5 MTPA of offtake from Port Arthur, and we also have a 30% equity interest there. We've also secured offtake on the West Coast of Mexico with 2.2 MTPA of Saguaro LNG and that one is pending FID and 0.2 MTPA of offtake for 5 years starting in 2025 from ECA Phase 1. So all in, our offtake in North America is about 7.4 MTPA pending the FID at Saguaro. 
 Then switching to the regas side of things, we now have 4.5 MTPA secured in Europe. This includes 2.8 MTPA of capacity at the German LNG. Now up to 2 of that will support our LNG SPAs with Qatar and we also have 1.7 MTPA of regas capacity at the gate terminal in the Netherlands. So over the near term, our focus is on continuing to ladder in the regas opportunities. And over the longer term, maybe think about 10 to 15 MTPA has a good range of offtake capacity to think about. This will allow us to achieve the full benefits of scale across our organization. 
 I do want to be clear, this is an offtake ambition. We don't feel that we have to take on additional liquefaction capital. So for competitive reasons, we don't get into the specifics of where we're actually developing offtake and regas right now. But needless to say, that's something that's front of mind for us. So I know that was a lot of detail, but hopefully, that helps everyone sort of just frame up sort of the moving parts we have going on, on the LNG business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nitin Kumar with Mizuho. 
Nitin Kumar: Ryan, there's been some news report saying that linking you to a potential bid on the Citgo refining assets, there was also some articles and notes saying that you're considering the sale of part of your equity interest in LNG. I'm not going to ask you to comment on specific transactions. But as you look at the portfolio today and the evolving macroeconomic outlook, are there opportunities for portfolio optimization? And maybe you can comment on a few of them. 
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Nitin. I say, first, now on the Citgo, we're watching that process. Look, we're a creditor in that process. So we own quite a bit of money by the Venezuelans. So we're watching that process pretty closely. Look, I'm not trying -- we're not trying to become an integrated refining or major with -- refining in our portfolio. This is the way to protect what's the company and the credit that we have against the Venezuelan government. So we're watching that and following that process pretty closely, but that's to get the money that they owe us for the judgments that we have against the Venezuelan government for the expropriation of our assets. Look, we're obviously optimizing the portfolio. I think in the last call, Andy mentioned the acquisition of some APLNG interest a couple of years ago. 
 We've secured the full interest at Surmont here in the last year. So we're always looking at opportunities that make the company better. And those are 2 great opportunities that came along at the right time, and we are at the right place to add to the portfolio. We think about the disposition side, we sold assets over the last couple of years where they don't compete in the portfolio and our cost of supply thresholds. 
 Then the team knows that they need to improve or move out of the portfolio and we do that constantly. We don't have any major large disposition programs that we're thinking about inside the company. We just do that as a normal course of business just to improve the company. 
 With regard to Port Arthur, look, we've had some inbounds on the equity interest that we have, and we're taking a look at that. Trying to understand as what's right for the company going forward. As Andy mentioned in the last question, look, we're not -- we don't necessarily need to be an equity owner in these things. We wanted Port Arthur to launch the project in Phase 1. So we did that. But we're not married to it, if the right opportunity comes along. So we continue to look at those opportunities at all. We're in the market every day. And we're trading in the market, and we're looking at the market and doing things that we think make the company better. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: AI is a best word in many other sectors, but we haven't heard the producer talking much about that. But one of the largest oil services companies in their conference call, just talk about how they believe their revenue will be up because there's a lot of interest on their product using the AI that will improve the EUR and well productivities. You guys is always on the cutting edge and trying to improve those aspects in the shale. Can you tell us that is it being openly optimistic or then within the next 2 or 3 years or 3 or 4 years, you actually think the AI is going to help you dramatically improve your EUR or well productivities or that this is really much longer term, maybe at some point, it will happen. 
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Paul. Look, I think AI is going to be -- is going to revolutionize a lot of things in our industry, other industries around the world as well. I think Nick in his response to a previous question, talked about some of the things we're doing on the digital space with the date, the automation and some of what we're trying to improve our company, improve our operating efficiency. I can't comment on what somebody else said on their conference call. I think it's going to have an impact on the business, I think it goes to things like learning curve and its pace. 
 Look, if we can help optimize and improve our learning curve and get digitized and understand these -- the application of all this deep machine learning to our company that I think it is going to have an impact. And I think about it as acceleration of a learning curve. So it's the pace. It's a pace at which we can optimize and get better and get more efficient as a company. And it cuts across the whole company. It's not just sort of the technical and the operating side of the company, but it's the back office and other places. 
 The challenge is going to be getting this deep machine learning in this the semi to an enterprise like ConocoPhillips, enterprises all around the world. How do you get out of the retail space and into the large enterprise space where you have a lot of data, a lot of visual data, a lot of machine learning data that you have to combine together and to see some of that efficiency. So yes, it's going to improve us. It's going to make us better. We got to get everybody in the company embracing kind of what we're doing in this AI space. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. 
Ryan Todd: Maybe just to follow up on some of your LNG conversations from earlier, you clearly talked about there's still work ongoing on the commercial and marketing side and building out some of those kind of things. Is there still appetite to add on the supply side, Qatar announced another LNG expansion in North Field West. Is that the type of thing you'd be interested in more of that in the portfolio or more supply-side LNG within the portfolio? And then are you seeing signs, we've seen -- or some compliance for others about signs of cost inflation on global LNG projects. What are you seeing as you look at the development of your LNG liquefaction trends across the portfolio right now in terms of cost inflation? 
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. I think Andy outlined sort of our ambition to hit 10 million to 15 million in tons and you add up the volumes that Andy talked about, and it doesn't reach that kind of a level. So do we have an ambition to grow some more of this space? Absolutely, we do. We want to make sure we're in the right spots with the right kinds of opportunity and certainly, North America is a great spot, both on the Gulf Coast and on the West Coast, if there's some good opportunities. It's about having the best liquefaction fees. It's about the better projects that we see out there. 
 And I think when it comes to Qatar, we've demonstrated where we've landed a couple of interest in a couple of trains there in NFE and NFS and if they put more out there, the terms are susceptible and competitive, we're certainly interested in expanding that relationship with Qatar down the road. We'll have to see when they make their decision on what they want to do with any future expansions out of the North Field. But our relationships are strong and our participation is strong. I think you're -- in some of those areas, we're seeing the execution of Port Arthur is going pretty well. 
 We don't have any concerns about inflation or what's happening there and certainly watch the market in terms of the liquefaction spend that we have or what future may come but we're pretty comfortable with it. We're getting into these projects because they're competitive in the portfolio, and they're filling a strategic long-term vision that we have for the company. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. 
Neal Dingmann: My question is on -- around your Lower 48 marketing associated realized prices. Specifically, you all suggest on Slide 6 that your Permian differentials remain maybe a little bit pressured. I'm just wondering, are there any changes you can make on the marketing side to continue to stabilize and improve this? I know you've materially done this, of course, since you bought the Concho assets versus what they sort of just accepted at wellhead. So I'm just wondering, are there further improvements or things that you potentially could do on the marketing side to even -- see even more improvement on the realizations. 
William Bullock: Yes, Neal, this is Bill. As we talked about, we have offtake capacity both to West Coast and the Gulf Coast, and we're interested in additional takeaway capacity on Matterhorn, like I talked about, so we are constantly looking for ways of optimizing that portfolio. Our commercial organization is in the market daily. We're doing orders of magnitude on that production. So we really have a good sense of where volumes are moving and what rates are going. And so I think that the improvement on margins. And as you're looking at that, that's really going to come down to getting additional takeaway capacity coming out of Permian. And as we've gone into the second quarter, we've had some maintenance going on there with El Paso and a couple of other pipelines and a couple of outages that's putting pressure on Waha pricing. I think everybody has been seeing that. That will likely clear through the system here as we go through this quarter. 
 But the real relief doesn't come until you get additional takeaway capacity here towards third quarter with Matterhorn coming online. At that point in time, I would expect that you're going to see more normal differentials, and you're going to see a return for our portfolio at more than about 80% of capture of Henry Hub across the portfolio. So I think it's a transitory type thing that you're seeing until you get additional pipeline capacity built and so I think the important thing here, again, is that flow assurance matters at a point in time where you're constrained in the basin, and we've got excellent flow assurance given our commercial capabilities. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Brackett with Bernstein. 
Bob Brackett: In the prepared remarks, you mentioned the new pad at Surmont 267. And I recall under the old operating structure, the partner wasn't that eager about new capital, the new technology, clearly now you control the pace. Can you talk about that pad? How different is it technologically than some of the older pads? And what are you seeing in early results? 
Kirk Johnson: Bob, this is Kirk. Yes, first, I'll probably just start out by saying our operational performance that this past year has been really strong, and that's important having come through the acquisition of our -- of the remaining 50% interest in that asset. And of course, we brought on that new pad. Certainly, as you've heard from us before, first in on 267 and started earlier this year. And then we achieved first oil in December. And we've been seeing a really steady, strong ramp on Pad 267, having started that in December here through first quarter. Production for first quarter is up 3 MBOE, and we really have just seen 267 start to grow, and we expect that to continue to offset decline, especially when we normalize that for the third quarter turnaround that we have coming up. 
 Bob, you've also heard from us in the past, we've spoken to the fact that we intend to add about a new pad about every 12 to 18 months, about every year. And we just continue to find new efficiencies and new opportunities as we bring that pad online. It's really performing against our expectations. The team spent a lot of time as we've done a lot of infill work, mitigating base field decline. We've experimented with a number of technologies around our liners, and we have prospects of drilling longer laterals here in the future as well. So expect to hear more from us on this front. But certainly, Pad 267 is coming in strong, and really just pleased with how this is shaping up and our ability to continue to grow the asset here in the future, having control of it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alastair Syme with Citi. 
Alastair Syme: Can I come back just again to the question of the lower gas prices because I'm not really sure I understand whether you're making any near-term changes to your capital program? I'm thinking both the Permian and the Eagle Ford here given that low prices must surely be impacting on near-term cash flow. 
Ryan Lance: Yes. Yes, also, we're not making any capital allocation decisions. It's all driven by the liquid side of the business. I think, as Bill articulated, we need more takeaway capacity out of the Permian to get the Waha prices back up and we're advantaged a bit because we have El Paso volumes that we can take to the West Coast. They've been in a bit of a turnaround as well and some maintenance activities going on that pipeline. So there's a dynamic happening in the basin that is impacting Waha prices. 
 So again, as Bill said, getting evacuating your gas is pretty important, so you don't go flare because we're not going to routinely flare gas, we've made that commitment. So having the takeaway is really, really important in these periods of time and then having the flexibility with your commercial team, we know where we can get a premium price and we're after that every single day. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners. 
Kevin MacCurdy: I wanted to ask on the first quarter capital trajectory. If I remember correctly, you had soft guided to over $3 billion of capital for the first quarter, but you came in lower at $2.9 billion. Can you bridge that gap for us? And is this lower CapEx, the result of just timing? Or is there anything structural that could carry forward? 
Andrew O'Brien: This is Andy. Yes, I can take that question. It's a pretty simple answer. As you said, we came in at $2.9 billion for the quarter, which was slightly less than our guidance. That slight underspend was a result of some Willow capital shifting from the first quarter into April. So if you exclude in that timing, our capital spend came in accordance with our expectations. Now as you look ahead to the second quarter, capital is expected to be slightly higher than the first quarter driven by PA LNG and the Willow timing. And then as you look forward to the second half of the year, capital is expected to be lower than in the second half than the first half, primarily due to the $400 million of Port Arthur LNG equity capital spend that rolls off as we go into project financing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Leo Mariani with ROTH MKM. 
Leo Mariani: I was hoping you could speak a little bit more to the expected trajectory of your Eagle Ford volumes. I know you had kind of the frac holiday a bit, which kind of impacted volumes in the last couple of quarters. I know they've been kind of trickling down here. I guess is that over? Do you have more of a normal activity cadence? And should we start seeing growth in those volumes as we roll into the second quarter and the second half of the year? 
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Leo, just for the group, again, we did take that frac gap, as you just mentioned in the second half of 2023, that impacted 4Q has also impacted the first quarter of this year because the wells coming online after we reinstated that frac crew, came online kind of the second half of this last quarter. So we're not only going to see that until you hit 2Q. Again, we took that frac gap because of just the strong operating efficiency that we're seeing in the fracs versus the drilling side as we apply the different technologies out there. So that's a good thing. Looking ahead, just to 2Q and beyond, we expect to see higher production from the previous 2 quarters as we bring those wells online and had reinstate of that frac gap. So this is all in line with our full year guidance and is consistent with the production growth that we laid out. Again, that's low single digits in that 2% to 4% range. 
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2023 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Liz, and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Phil Gresh, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Gresh: Thank you, Liz. And welcome everyone to our fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On the call today are several members of the ConocoPhillips leadership team, including Ryan Lance, Chairman and CEO; Tim Leach, Advisor to the CEO; Bill Bullock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dominic Macklon, Executive Vice President of Strategy, Sustainability and Technology; Nick Olds, Executive Vice President of Lower 48; Andy O'Brien, Senior Vice President of Global Operations; Kirk Johnson, Senior Vice President, Lower 48, Assets and Operations; and Will Giraud, Senior Vice President, Corporate Planning and Development. Ryan and Bill will kick it off with opening remarks, after which the team will be available for your questions. A few quick reminders. First, along with today’s release, we publish supplemental financial materials and a slide presentation, which you can find on the Investor Relations website. Second, during this call, we will make four looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results may differ due to factors noted in today’s release and in our periodic SEC filings. We will make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in today’s release and on our website. And third, when we move to Q&A, after the prepared remarks, we’ll be taking one question per caller. With that, I will turn it over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Phil. And thank you to everyone for joining our fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. It was another strong quarter for ConocoPhillips as the team continued to execute on its commitment to deliver returns to our shareholders. Now, stepping back and looking at 2023, ConocoPhillips demonstrated solid execution across all aspects of our triple mandate. We reported record production and achieved several milestones across our global asset base. And we delivered a preliminary reserve replacement ratio of 123%, highlighting our ability to continue to replace reserves across our deep, durable and diversified portfolio. We’re also progressing several key strategic initiatives. We advanced our global LNG strategy through expansion in Qatar, FID at Port Arthur and several offtake and regasification agreements. We FIDed the Willow project in Alaska and have been ramping up construction this winter season. And we opportunistically acquired the remaining 50% of Surmont at an attractive price that fit our financial framework. We were able to accomplish all of this while delivering our returns-focused value proposition to our shareholders. We generated a trailing 12-month return on capital employed of 17% or 19% on a cash adjusted basis. We also delivered on our plan to return $11 billion of capital to our shareholders, which was well in excess of our greater than 30% annual through-the-cycle commitment. Last spring, we further strengthened our GHG emissions intensity targets to a 50% to 60% reduction from a 2016 baseline. And we were recently awarded the Gold Standard Pathway designation by the Oil and Gas initiative part -- Methane Partnership 2.0. Now looking ahead to 2024, this morning, we announced a plan to distribute $9 billion to shareholders this year. We also announced a VROC of $0.20 per share for the first quarter. The remainder of our cash flow will be reinvested into the business as we continue to execute on our plan to grow earnings and cash flows as we outlined at our Analyst and Investor Meeting last year. In conclusion, once again, I’m proud of the accomplishments of the entire organization. Our portfolio is well positioned to generate competitive returns and cash flow for decades to come. Now let me turn the call over to Bill to cover our fourth quarter performance and our 2024 guidance in more detail.
Bill Bullock: Thanks, Ryan. In the fourth quarter, we generated $2.40 per share in adjusted earnings. We produced 1,902,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, representing 4% underlying growth year-over-year. This was consistent with our full year 2023 underlying growth rate of 4% also. Fourth quarter Lower 48 production averaged 1,086,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which represented 9% underlying growth year-over-year. We produced 750,000 from the Permian, 211,000 from Eagle Ford and 110,000 from the Bakken. Full year 2023 underlying growth for the Lower 48 was roughly 8%. Moving to cash flows, fourth quarter CFO was $5.5 billion and this included APLNG distributions of $281 million. Fourth quarter capital expenditures were $2.9 billion, which included $573 million for longer cycle projects. Full year capital expenditures were $11.2 billion, which included $2 billion for longer cycle projects. Now regarding returns of capital, we delivered $11 billion to shareholders in 2023. For the fourth quarter, we returned $2.5 billion. This was via $1.1 billion in share buybacks and $1.4 billion in ordinary dividends and VROC payments. We ended the year with cash and short-term investments of $6.9 billion, as well as $1 billion in long-term investments. In the guidance [ph], we forecast 2024 production to be in a range of 1.91 million barrels of oil equivalent per day to 1.95 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. This translates to 2% to 4% underlying growth pro forma for acquisitions and dispositions. We expect this growth to be well balanced between both Lower 48 and International. Our full year forecast includes turnaround impacts of 25,000 barrels per day to 30,000 barrels per day, which is about 10,000 barrels per day higher than in 2023. Now turnarounds are expected to be concentrated in the third quarter, when Surmont completes a one-month turnaround and that turnaround occurs once every five years. For the first quarter, production guidance is in a range of 1.88 million barrels of oil equivalent per day to 1.92 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, a roughly 1% to 3% underlying growth. While the first quarter will have minimal turnarounds, similar to the fourth quarter, it does include a 20,000 barrel per day headwind from January weather impacts. For APLNG, we expect distributions of $400 million in the first quarter and $1.3 billion for the full year. Now shifting to cost guidance, we see full year adjusted operating costs in a range of $8.9 billion to $9.1 billion, representing essentially flat unit costs on a year-over-year basis. Full year cash expiration expenses are expected to be $300 million to $400 million, and DD&A expenses are expected to be in a range of $9.4 billion to $9.6 billion. Full year adjusted corporate segment net loss guidance is $1 billion to $1.1 billion. And for taxes, we expect our effective corporate tax rate to be in the 36% to 37% range of strip prices, and that’s excluding any one-time items and that’s with an effective cash tax rate in the 33% to 34% range. For capital spending, our full year guidance range is between $11 billion to $11.5 billion, which includes $200 million to $300 million of capitalized interest. Now on slide eight of the presentation, we provided bridge from 2023 to 2024 with some of the key year-over-year variables, most of which we’ve discussed on prior earnings calls. These include our expectation of $200 million to $300 million in deflation benefits, primarily in the Lower 48; $200 million to $300 million of lower spending in Norway following the startup of our four subsea tieback projects; and $500 million to $600 million in lower LNG spending, mostly at Port Arthur. These decreases are offset by a $900 million to $1 billion increase at Willow, and $100 million to $200 million increase in Canada to account for the acquisition of the remaining 50% of Surmont and the addition of a second rig in the Montney. For Willow, we expect spending to be more heavily weighted to the first quarter and this is consistent with the normal timing of winter construction season. And for Port Arthur, we expect that our $400 million of equity contributions in 2024 will also be weighted towards the first half of the year. Now as a result, first quarter CapEx could be a bit above $3 billion. So to wrap up, we ended the year with another solid operational quarter. We continue to deliver on our strategic initiatives across our deep, durable and diverse portfolio, and we remain highly competitive on our shareholder distributions. Now that concludes our prepared remarks. I’ll turn it back over to the Operator to start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. Thank you, and good morning, team. Ryan, I want to ask you about the Lower 48. Last year, you correctly predicted that many of us who thought production was going to be up 400,000 barrels a day to 500,000 barrels a day, were wrong and the number ended up being closer to your number of 800,000 barrels a day to 900,000 barrels a day. So as you think about exit -- to exit this year, how are you thinking about U.S. oil production and tie that into your own Lower 48 development plans. How are you thinking about prosecuting that acreage over the course of the year?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Neil. No. We see a bit of deacceleration in the growth rate coming from the U.S., driven by a number of factors around efficiency and the rig rates. So we would peg the growth, but we’re still growing in the Lower 48 and we’d peg that growth at between 300,000 barrels of oil equivalent to 500,000 barrels of oil equivalent. That’s total liquids. So, yeah, we still see some growth coming from the U.S. shale, the Lower 48, primarily driven out of the Permian. But more modest relative to last year’s growth. Relative to our expected Lower 48, we’re in that same range, low to single-digit kind of growth rates coming out of that on pretty much similar activity level to what we entered into 2023. So we don’t intend -- at this time, we don’t intend to be ramping our program in the Lower 48 and are coming into the year at a similar level to what we exited 2023 at.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I guess, your…
Ryan Lance: Good morning.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, Ryan. Ryan or Bill, I’m not sure who wants to take this one. So we’re always interested to know how you see your portfolio breakeven evolving as it relates to not so much current capital, but sustaining capital. And what we’re really trying to get to is that dividend breakeven, that post-dividend breakeven level. If I may, maybe as a Part B to that, I’m curious whether cash in the balance sheet benefits or is a priority currently as it relates to how you think about cash returns in that dividend context, given that you’re entering a period of elevated spending here for a couple of years.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Doug. I’ll let Dominic roll in. He can give you some specifics around the breakeven, but at our mid-cycle price kind of deck, I think, it’s pretty consistent with what we laid out at AIM. And I can let Dominic give you a few more details to answer that question more specifically.
Dominic Macklon: Yeah. Good morning, Doug. So maybe starting with our free cash flow breakeven, I take you back to our analyst meeting last April for our 10-year plan. And at mid-cycle prices, we highlighted our free cash flow breakeven averages about $35 WTI. That is higher through the first half of the plan, as you mentioned, as we have the sort of pre-productive capital in the first half of the plan and then lower during the second half of that 10-year plan as those projects increasingly come on stream. So that’s our free cash flow breakeven. And for our dividend, you would add an additional sort of $8 to $9 on that right now.
Doug Leggate: That’s helpful. And maybe on the cash on the balance sheet?
Bill Bullock: Yeah. Sure. We’re really happy with where we’re at on the balance sheet right now, Doug. So, we exit the year with $6.9 billion of cash and $1 billion worth of long-term investments, like, I mentioned. Our net debt-to-CFO ratio is in a really good spot. We’re at 0.5 turns and that’s post-Surmont. So we’re quite happy where the balance sheet is at right now. And having a strong balance sheet is a strategic asset for the company. We continue to view it as such and that’s fundamentally one of the reasons why we feel really good about $9 billion of distributions this year.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. In light of arguably a softer commodity price relative to where we started in 2023.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger Read: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. I guess I’d like to…
Ryan Lance: Good morning.
Roger Read: … maybe get your thoughts, Ryan, on -- yeah, good morning -- on the M&A side. Obviously, you did the Surmont thing last year. There’s still transactions going on and just how you think about your cost of supply approach to anything on the acquisition front that’s out there, be it Lower 48 or elsewhere?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Roger, I appreciate you. There’s obviously a lot of M&A activity going on. There’s a lot of pricing in our business and we’ve said that all along that we think there’s going to be more even yet to come as we think about the consolidation that’s needed in the business. Our approach hasn’t changed. Our approach is, we think about cost of supply, we think about the framework that we’ve laid out to the market over the last four years or five years. That’s how we’ve executed some of our M&A activities. So, again, it’s got to fit that financial framework, how we think about mid-cycle price. It’s got to make our 10-year plan better. The plan that we outlined to the market last year, we think is pretty strong and it’s underpinned by a low cost of supply, diverse asset base. So, we’ve got to see a way to make that plan better through any inorganic M&A and then, finally, we’ve got to see a way to make the asset better and that’s really dictated how we’ve approached M&A over the last number of years, and I think, as we think about it going forward, that approach is consistent.
Roger Read: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Nitin Kumar with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Nitin Kumar: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my question. Ryan or Bill, I don’t know who wants to take this one, but you reduced the cash return target from $11 billion to $9 billion. Last year, it was very evenly distributed between your dividends, both the fixed and the variable, and the buyback. How should we think about the mix across those three channels in 2024?
Bill Bullock: Yeah. So, first, we think the most important thing continues to be the total quantum of distribution. That’s what we focus on. We think that that’s what matters most. And we’re really happy to start the year with an initial plan to return $9 billion to shareholders. Now, when it comes to mix, we look at a number of different factors and commodity prices, our own stock price and other considerations. And so, for 2024, you’ve seen that, we’ve shifted our mix to be a bit more weighted towards buybacks, about 60% of our total plan distributions, that would put our buybacks essentially flat with what we spent in 2023 at about $5.3, $5.4 billion and we continue to like the value of our shares. So, against that, the total cash component represents about 40% of our expected distributions, and that’s with $0.20 per share on VROC and we think that represents a really solid mix of both cash and buybacks. As we’ve always said, VROC provides a really flexible tool to achieve our distribution targets as prices adjust through the cycles. It’s continued to serve us well in balancing our mix.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Lloyd Byrne with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Lloyd Byrne: Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for all the detail so far. Ryan, I was hoping just to get your thoughts on the administration’s LNG pause and then in particular Conoco’s positioning and maybe whether it has any impact on your plans or your capital going forward?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Lloyd. I can chime in and maybe ask Bill to add a few more details as well. But it’s unfortunate, it’s clearly more politically driven than fundamental, but I think we feel pretty good. It just makes us feel a little bit better about what we’re doing on the LNG side, because of what we do have permitted. I think it’s quite short-sighted in the short-term. Hopefully it will be fixed in the long-term. I can -- Bill can provide maybe a few more specifics around how we’re thinking about Port Arthur Phase 1, Phase 2, as we think about the implications of what was announced.
Bill Bullock: Yeah. Sure, Ryan. We’re really pleased that Port Arthur Phase 1. It’s fully permitted. It’s got not only its free trade agreement permit, but its non-free trade agreement permit. It’s got environmental permits in place. So we’re quite pleased to be investing in Port Arthur Phase 1. We think that actually what you’re seeing right now makes that more valuable. So it’s a good fit in our portfolio. We’re continuing to look at developing a diversified portfolio of offtake. We remain interested in a number of LNG opportunities, because we think the market’s going to be strong for decades to come. We’re focusing on low cost supply, low greenhouse gas intensity resources that meet that transition pathway. And you saw us last year announce 2.2 million tons from NPL at Saguaro, and in the fourth quarter, we signed 0.2 million tons off of Sempra’s ECA project on the west coast of Mexico for five years. So we’re continuing to look for opportunities that really fit that framework. But regarding your question on permitting right now, Port Arthur’s in a great spot.
Lloyd Byrne: Okay. Great. So it doesn’t change any plans going forward?
Bill Bullock: It’s not impacting us right now.
Lloyd Byrne: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of John Royall with JPMorgan.
John Royall: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So my question’s on Willow. You have the sanction out of the way now, and even post-sanction, we’ve seen some news flow around lawsuits, which I assume you have some confidence in as an organization that won’t cause any delays, but maybe you can confirm that. And then beyond that, maybe you can just speak to the construction plan for the year and what you’re hoping to accomplish in terms of the progression of the build in 2024 specifically.
Andy O'Brien: Hey, John. This is Andy. I can take that question. So, yes, it’s pretty nice to also be at a point now where we can start talking about the project and not just give you a legal update. But we will, given your question, I’ll start with a bit of a legal update, because as you mentioned, we had a fair bit of positive activity in the fourth quarter on that front. So just to sort of summarize where we are right now is that, we’re very pleased that both the Alaska District Court and the 9th Circuit allowed construction work to proceed on the North Slope. And then separately, the Alaska District Court upheld the legality of the ROD issued by the BLM. So as you mentioned, this is currently being appealed to the 9th Circuit. But as we said before, we believe the BLM and the cooperating agencies conducted a really thorough process that satisfied all the legal requirements for them to grant their approvals. So these positive rulings gave us the certainty to make the FID decision. Now then, in terms of the second part of your question on execution itself, since taking the FID, we’re really pleased with how quickly we’ve ramped up the activity. We’re now into our second winter construction season on the North Slope. And we’re mobilizing 1,200 workers right now who are going to be building gravel roads, gravel paths for the facilities and beginning laying pipelines. We’re also making some pretty significant progress with our modular facility fabrications. So we do expect 2024 capital to be in the upper end of the previously communicated annual ranges of $1 billion per year to $1.5 billion per year. But our estimate for the capital to first production remains unchanged at $7 billion to $7.5 billion. Now just to give you a bit more color in terms of the progress, we’re now at a point where we have three quarters of the project scope under firm contract and expect to have 90% of that under contract by the end of 2024. And of those contracts that we’ve issued so far, 70% are either lump sum or unit rate contracts and then these kind of contracts, we’ve agreed a price now, so we have limited exposure to future inflation. So it’s still very early, but with all major projects, it’s really important we get off to a fast start. And we’re really pleased that’s exactly what we’re doing with Willow. So just to wrap it up, it’s great to see at this point now our team’s in full execution mode, focused on actually building Willow.
John Royall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. My question is more kind of how you’re thinking about production growth. You certainly have laid out pretty what I call a stable, a flattish plan for the year, for first quarter for the year. I guess kind of two questions around that. One, if you continue to be more efficient as you have been, would you take those savings and plow back to the ground and boost production a bit more or would those savings go back to the shareholders in some fashion? And then secondly, a couple of your large peers continue to be growing even a bit more than you in the firm and I’m just wondering how you view sort of from a macro position your responsibility when it comes to production growth?
Dominic Macklon:  Yeah. Neal, it’s Dominic here. I think, I mean, first of all, I think, it’s probably three questions there, actually. I’ll take the activity one. We were holding our Lower 48 activity flat this year versus last year. We like that, we’re still seeing some modest growth there and we get -- we’re really focused on efficiency there. And so, if we did get more efficient and we felt there was some capital headroom there, I think, I suspect that we would pretty much hold things flat, because we’re just so focused on efficiency. We don’t want to swing our programs around. In terms of the total growth rate, remember, growth is an outcome of our plan. We’re not chasing growth. It’s really an outcome of a return that’s focused on returns. And so, we’re pretty happy with that sort of modest level growth. It’s pretty consistent with what we said at AIM. In terms of the overall profile, just to give you a bit of color on that, I mean, Bill mentioned a lot of this in his prepared remarks. But we do expect sort of underlying production in the range of 2% to 4% growth this year versus last year. And the good thing about it is that we’re seeing growth this year, not just coming from the Lower 48, but also from across our International portfolio. So it’s nice to see the diversity of that portfolio coming through. And then, of course, on top of that organic growth, we have the additional Surmont 50% interest on top of that. In terms of the shape for the year, fairly rateable year-over-year growth by quarter, except for Q1, we have the weather impacts. Bill mentioned that, about 20,000 barrels a day of weather we’ll see in Q1, and then in Q3, we have our turnaround impacts. So we have about 25,000 barrels a day to 30,000 barrels a day of turnaround impacts this year. Most of that will be in the third quarter and that includes a sort of month-long turnaround we have at Surmont, which occurs every five years. So -- but anyway, we’re all very pleased with just where the growth is coming from. We’re pleased with the level of growth and I think we’re pretty committed to keep the program steady, stable and focus on efficiency.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. And I just reiterate, we just don’t want to whipsaw the team’s either up or down. We just like the constant pace of the execution and find that gets the efficiencies at a maximum, gets our returns. It really maximizes our returns.
Neal Dingmann: It’s great to hear that, guys. It makes much more sense. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Josh Silverstein with UBS. Your line is now open.
Josh Silverstein: Thanks, everybody. So I just wanted to touch on the Montney. This is one of the key growth areas that you had highlighted back in April last year. You mentioned the processing facilities started up in the back half of the year as well. I know it’s 60% liquids, but how has the lower natural gas price environment changed the way you’re thinking about development there? And along those same lines, I know there’s only a small uptick in Canadian spend for the year. I figured that might be related to Surmont more than this. So any help there would be great? Thanks.
Andy O'Brien: Yeah. Hi. This is Andy. Yeah. Maybe just taking the first part of your question sort of the natural gas, it really doesn’t impact our long-term development plans. And then, also putting that in context is sort of, we know we have our position in Surmont where we actually are a user of natural gas. So, that doesn’t really change our Montney development plans. I think, in terms of the progress we’re making on Montney, we are going to be ramping this year. We’ve just started the second rig and just to give you sort of some context of the numbers here where in our full year 2023 production was about 24,000 barrels a day. We averaged 33,000 barrels a day in the fourth quarter and that -- that’s -- we’re expecting that to grow now throughout the year. And then in terms of the CapEx, the modest growth CapEx you’re seeing in Canada, it is a combination of additional equity we have in Surmont, but also adding the second rig of the Montney.
Josh Silverstein: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Bob Brackett: Yeah. Good morning. I was looking at the triple-digit organic reserve replacement ratio and wondering some of the moving parts and kind of curious what impact did the sanctioning of Willow play on that?
Dominic Macklon: Hey, Bob. Dominic. Yes. Yeah. I mean, we’re very pleased to see a strong organic and total reserve replacement again this year and we’re seeing strong contributions from across the portfolio. So on the organic side, first of all, Lower 48 is doing well, with the advancement of our resource development plans, it’s organic replacement ratio is well in excess of 100%. We’ve got contributions from Montney. And then the Willow piece, yeah, that’s a really strategic piece for us. So we -- the way it works with bookings on major projects, you have an initial booking and then you book as the project develops, that’s normal. So our initial booking was 160 -- about 160 million barrels on Willow. So that’s what we book on sanction. And then as we develop up the development wells and the project, we’ll see that approach towards our base case resource estimate of 600 million barrels for willow. So, yeah, very strong there. And, of course, on the total reserve replacement, we add in the A&D and we get the benefit of about 200 million barrels of resource that came with -- reserves that came with the Surmont 50% acquisition. So, again, another year of strong total reserve replacement for us, which is good.
Bob Brackett: Yeah. Very clear. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Sam Margolin: Hi. Thanks for taking the question and thanks for all the detail today. Maybe a follow up on Lower 48 capital. There’s some deflation that you’ve called out. It seems like most of it right now is driven by consumables and commodities. But, Ryan, you mentioned activity levels overall have cooled significantly over the course of the second half of 2023. And so I was wondering, if you -- where you think we are in maybe the lifecycle of this Lower 48 deflationary trend and maybe if that presents some opportunities to term out capacity and add even more visibility to the spending plan, because as you mentioned, you’re not really going to move activity around in different scenarios? Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Sam, I can let Nick follow up on some of the details. But, certainly, we look at any opportunity to term out things when we see that opportunity. And I think the service side of the business, I think, likes ConocoPhillips, because our plans don’t change and we have consistent execution and consistent rate counts and frac spreads and all the other support activity that goes with the business. And the deflation, it’s kind of a tale of a couple different areas and certain commodities to spend. But I can let Nick chime in specific to the Lower 48 there.
Nick Olds: Yeah. Sam, like Ryan was mentioning, again, you look at our activity level, it’s flat to 2023, so stable rigs, stable frac crews and the teams are really just focusing on driving operating efficiency, capital efficiency. And then capturing that deflation, as you mentioned, as we showed in the prepared slides there that we posted and it’s going to range across a number of spend categories. So we’ve got OCTG, we’ve got some propent, as well as rig horsepower. We’ll look at all of the contracts across our vendors and see if we want to turn them up. Typically, we’re looking at well-to-well, pad-to-pad as far as rigs, little longer term contracts on our frac spreads, especially the e-fracs. But the key thing for us is really just focusing on operating efficiency and capital efficiency with the level loaded steady-state program that we have in 2024.
Sam Margolin: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Maybe if I could ask on a couple of the Lower 48 assets, the yield for production has been declining over the last few quarters in 2023. What’s the right way for us to think about direction of production there? Is the goal to hold it flat or modestly decline or grow going forward? And maybe the same question for the Bakken?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Ryan, just talk first on Eagle Ford.
Ryan Todd: Okay.
Ryan Lance: When you look at Q3 to Q4, we had that 9% production drop. That met our type curve expectations. There’s no productivity issues or operational concerns there. It was a conscious decision. As we looked at the second half of 2023 and as we’ve talked about the completion efficiencies are actually outpacing our drilling efficiency. So it’s a good problem to have. So we’ve worked down through kind of our working level of ducks and decided on the second half of 2023 to take what I call an operational frack gap. So we built some ducks in that period of time and then reinstated late 2023 the frack group. So it’s really intentional, really good performance from the Eagle Ford going forward. Bakken, very similar. We’ve hit some production records. You think about a legacy asset like the Bakken, we were hitting 110,000 barrels equivalent per day. We’ve got a long level of inventory. We’ll have a steady program up there as well.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Alastair Syme with Citi. Your line is now open.
Alastair Syme: Hi. I just wanted to return to the questions. I think people have circled around a little bit on the Permian. You’ve mentioned supply chain costs and sort of wrap it up with efficiency, because I guess last April you presented these cost of supply numbers that include some forward assumptions about cost and efficiency. I just wanted to get a sense of where you think you stand relative to those assumptions, i.e., the Permian moving up, down or sideways on your cost of supply? Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. I’ll first talk about just the overall efficiency assumptions that we have and what we’re seeing out in the field. To remind you on both D and C, we continue to see step changes in both the drilling side, as well as the completion side. Probably differential on the completion efficiencies, as I just mentioned, related to Eagle Ford. And we’re leveraging all of the different kind of suite of opportunities to improve those frac efficiencies and drilling efficiency. I’ll just mention a few. And the key thing here is that we’re continuing to see improvement kind of quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year. And that manifests itself into essentially a 10% to 15% improvement in our pumping hours per day, year-to-year. A couple items that we have out there, we continue to deploy simul frac across the Board, but also super zipper down in Eagle Ford. We’ve had really good success of this particular application or we can hook up, for example, on a four-well pad, we’ll hook up all of the wells and if we have any operational downtime, we can quickly move from well-to-well and have high pumping hours, and therefore, more stages per day. So that’s been really successful. On the -- we also remote frac. I’ve mentioned that before. We’ve seen good success in that where we don’t have to mow and de-mow the frac spread so we can move on to Pad 2, Pad 3 without de-mowing it. And then, finally, I’ll just pivot to the drilling side. We’ve deployed that real-time drilling intelligence group out in the Permian. We’ve got the entire rig fleet that we’re monitoring 24x7 where we can optimize the plan, we can troubleshoot, and we can steer the wells and we’re seeing really promising results, 10% improvement in rate of penetration there. So combined through all of that, we are seeing improvement in those efficiencies. And again, 10% to 15% improvement in pump hours per day, as I mentioned on the collision side.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: I think this maybe is for Phil or maybe it’s for Ryan. Ryan, you have said that the industry will need more consolidation and you have proven in the past that you are not shy in doing your share. For the right deal, when you’re looking at your balance sheet today, how much are you willing to put on the debt or how much are you willing to stretch your balance sheet from that standpoint if it is the right deal? Is there a number or a ratio or anything that you can share so that at least we get some better understanding? And from a balance sheet standpoint, the $9 billion of the distribution for this year, is there a fixed amount or that it will fluctuate based on the commodity prices, either better or worse, than your current assumption? Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. You kind of stuck in a couple there, Paul. But let me start with the last one first. The $9 billion, as we said in our release, is a starting point. We recognize the commodity prices are pretty volatile, both up and down. I mean, we’ve seen WTI approaching 60 and we’ve seen it approaching 80. So I think you view the $9 billion as a starting point. And folks should feel pretty comfortable that we’re well above our mid-cycle price. We’re well above our 30% commitment to return capital to the shareholders, and again, look at our history. So you should feel comfortable that we’ll adjust. It’s a starting point for us. And we’ll see how the commodity prices go through the remainder of the year. On the second part, look, we consider the balance sheet to be a pretty significant asset inside the company. We are -- we will maintain an A credit rating. The balance sheet is strong for the company. We’ve got a 2.5 net debt turn to cash. So we like where the balance sheet is at and it gives us the cushion in these volatile commodity prices to be able to return the money that we’re spending and sending both to grow the company organically and the distribution level that we’re starting with at the $9 billion. We’ll -- again, on the M&A side, Paul, it’s really what kind of opportunities present themselves that have to fit our financial framework, and if they fit our framework and there’s something that we can make better, makes our 10-year plan better, we’ve been willing to execute those. But we’ll look at the way we execute those on a case-by-case basis. Surmont we funded with some debt, but it made sense for that particular asset to do that. We’ve used cash and other means to fund the acquisition. So it’s pretty hard to say, depending on any opportunities that present themselves, what we might do.
Paul Cheng: Ryan, you said maximum debt you’re willing to add based on a single transaction?
Ryan Lance: It depends on the circumstance, Paul. I don’t -- we’re not going to stress the balance sheet. So we are not -- we’ve worked hard to get the balance sheet where it’s at today. We are not -- I’m not interested in going back to where we were seven years, eight years ago on the balance sheet.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Leo Mariani with ROTH MKM. Your line is now open.
Leo Mariani: Hi, guys. You talked about having some pretty decent International growth this year, well above the Lower 48, which is obviously a nice contributor as well. It sounded like some of that’s coming from the Montney in Canada. Can you maybe just detail some of the other International growth that you’re seeing? I imagine there could be some chunkier projects that might be coming online during the year. Is there any call around that would be helpful?
Andy O'Brien: Yeah. Sure. This is Andy. I can take that question. We actually discussed this one in a bit of detail on our last quarterly call and you’re right, we do have some good momentum on the Alaskan international projects. But just to give you a feel about where they’re coming from across the portfolio, sort of in Norway we achieved first production ahead of schedule in three of the four subsea tiebacks and the fourth one is expected to come online as planned in the second quarter. In China, our partner brought the first Bohai Phase 4B platform online in October and then the second one came on in December. Also in December, we achieved first off on Pad 267 in Surmont and we expect to gradually ramp that up over the coming months. And as I previously discussed, in Montney, the start of the CPF2 really has allowed us to start ramping production there. In the third quarter, we expect to see growth in 2024 in the Montney from the CPF2 and also the second rig. So we’re really happy with sort of the spread we have across Alaskan International with where the growth is coming from, and I think, as we said in one of the earlier questions, that ANI is going to be providing a significant part of the total company growth this year.
Leo Mariani: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2023 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Liz, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Phil Gresh, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Philip Gresh: Yes. Thank you, and welcome to everyone, to our third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On the call today are several members of the ConocoPhillips leadership team, including Ryan Lance, Chairman and CEO; and Tim Leach, Adviser to the CEO; Bill Bullock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dominic Macklon, Executive Vice President of Strategy, Sustainability and Technology; Nick Olds, Executive Vice President of Lower 48; Andy O'Brien, Senior Vice President of Global Operations; Kirk Johnson, Senior Vice President, Lower 48, Assets and Operations; and Will Giraud, Senior Vice President, Corporate Planning and Development. Brian and Bill will kick it off with opening remarks, after which the team will be available for your questions. A few quick reminders. First, along with today's release, we published supplemental financial materials and a slide presentation, which you can find on the Investor Relations website. Second, during this call, we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results may differ due to factors noted in today's release, and in our periodic SEC filings. We will make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in today's release and on our website. And before I turn it over, I just want to flag for today, we'll do one question per caller. So with that, let me turn it over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Phil, and thank you to everyone for joining our third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. It was another solid quarter for ConocoPhillips, as the team continued to deliver strong underlying performance across the portfolio, and we have achieved several additional project milestones in our international portfolio in early October. Now before I get into the details, I wanted to address the topical news in the industry, which has been the M&A headlines in recent weeks. This is not a surprise to us. We have long said that we expect to see further industry consolidation. ConocoPhillips remains steadfast in our returns-focused value proposition and cost of supply principles, which creates a high bar for M&A. And as a reminder, we've been actively high grading our own portfolio over the past several years. And as a recent example, we are pleased to have closed on the acquisition of the remaining 50% of Surmont, in early October. An opportunity came along to acquire this asset at a very attractive price that fit our financial framework, an asset we can make better through our full ownership and an acquisition that makes our 10-year plan even better.  Surmont is a long life, low declining and low capital intensity asset that we know well. We achieved first steam from Pad 267 in the third quarter, and production is expected to start up in the first quarter of 2024. This is our first new pad addition since 2016, and as we said at our recent analyst meeting, we can leverage existing infrastructure to add additional pads with very limited capital requirements in the years ahead. Now moving to global LNG. We've also continued to progress our strategy, securing 1.5 mtpa regas capacity at the Gate LNG terminal in the Netherlands. This will take our total European regas capacity to 4.3 mtpa. We have now effectively secured destinations for nearly half of our Port Arthur LNG offtake commitment in the first 6 months. since we sanctioned the project. Now elsewhere in the international portfolio, we started up our second central processing facility, CPF2 in the Montney. And in Norway, we just announced that we have started up 3 project developments ahead of schedule in October. This includes the company-operated Tommeliten Alpha A, subsea tieback project at Ekofisk, which is nearly 6 months earlier than originally planned as well as 2 nonoperated projects. Finally, in China, our partner started at Bohai Phase 4b ahead of schedule, in October. So as you can see, our diversified international portfolio continues to be a strong differentiator for our company. Shifting to results. We have record global and Lower 48 production in the third quarter, and we raised our full year production guidance to account for the closing of the Surmont acquisition, all this while achieving continued capital efficiency improvements as our full year capital guidance remains unchanged. We also continued to deliver on our returns to our shareholders. We increased our quarterly ordinary dividend by 14%, consistent with our long-term objective to deliver top quartile increases relative to the S&P 500. We have distributed $8.5 billion in dividends and buybacks year-to-date, and we remain on track for our $11 billion full year target. And we did this while funding the shorter and longer-term organic capital growth opportunities that we see across the entire portfolio. The team continues to execute well. Our deep durable and diversified asset base continues to get better and better, and we are well positioned to generate competitive returns, and cash flow for decades to come. Now let me turn the call over to Bill to cover our third quarter performance in more detail.
William Bullock: Thanks, Ryan. In the third quarter, we generated $2.16 per share in adjusted earnings. We produced 1,806,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, representing 3% underlying growth year-over-year. Planned turnarounds were successfully completed in Norway and Alaska and Lower 48 production averaged 1,083,000 barrels a day equivalent per day, including 722,000 from the Permian, 232,000 from the Eagle Ford, and 111,000 from the Bakken. Lower 48 underlying production grew 8% year-on-year with new wells online and strong well performance relative to our expectations. Moving to cash flows. Third quarter CFO was $5.5 billion, including APLNG distributions of $442 million. Third quarter capital expenditures were $2.5 billion which included $360 million for longer cycle projects. And through the end of the third quarter, we have now funded $875 million for Port Arthur LNG, out of our planned $1.1 billion for the year. Regarding returns of capital, we delivered $2.6 billion to shareholders in the third quarter. This was via $1.3 billion in share buybacks and $1.3 billion in ordinary dividends and VROC payments. And today, as Ryan said, we announced an increase to our organic dividend of 14% to $0.58 per share. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $9.7 billion, which included proceeds from the $2.7 billion of long-term debt that we issued to fund the Surmont acquisition, which closed in early October. Before shifting to guidance, I do want to take a quick moment to update about our VROC. Beginning in 2024, we will be aligning both the announcement timing and subsequent payment of our VROC with our ordinary dividend. Therefore, you can expect us to provide details on our first quarter VROC payment on the fourth quarter call in February. Now turning to guidance, which now reflects additional 50% of Surmont starting in early October, we forecast fourth quarter production to be in a range of 1.86 million to 1.9 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. Full year production guidance is now roughly 1.82 million barrels of oil equivalent today. Now to put this production guidance in the context, we expect underlying growth for both the fourth quarter and the full year to be roughly 4% year-over-year, which includes Lower 48 production growth of roughly 7%. And this is very consistent with our full year guidance and our long-term plan we laid out at our Analyst and Investor Meeting. For APLNG, we expect distributions of $300 million in the fourth quarter and $1.9 billion for the full year. And while APLNG distributions can vary quarter-to-quarter, a normalized run rate to think about moving forward is around $400 million per quarter at current price levels. Shifting to adjusted operating costs. We raised our full year guidance by $300 million to $8.6 billion. This was driven by our increased working interest in Surmont, increased Lower 48 non-operated activity and inflationary impacts on the Lower 48. We've also raised our DD&A guidance by $100 million to $8.3 billion, which is also primarily due to Surmont. And full year adjusted corporate net loss guidance remains unchanged at roughly $800 million, and the second half run rate is a good starting point for 2024. Finally, our full year capital spending guidance range is also unchanged. So to wrap up, we had another solid operational quarter. We continued to deliver on our strategic initiatives across our diverse portfolio, and we remain highly competitive on our shareholder distributions. That concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn it back over to the operator to start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: There's been a lot of variability in Lower 48 results from some of your competitors, and you guys have been very steady tracking at the 7% growth rate. Just love your perspective and walking through the basins and particularly the Permian, what is working, what's not for you, guys? And how do you feel about the plan as you move into 2024?
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Neil, this is Nick. You're right. I mean, overall, if you look at our performance across all of our basins, it's been strong, and in line with prior year performance across, again, all those Lower 48 assets. I'd also mention that it's been in line with our type curve expectations. I'll call out, for example, Delaware well performance is showing top quartile on volumes produced, not only on a barrel of oil per basis, but also on a BOE per basis per foot. So we're seeing very encouraging results there. I think the key point, too, is the strong performance reinforces our strong focus on returns, capital-efficient environment that we've set there.
Ryan Lance: And I would add, Neil, it speaks again to the quality and the depth of the inventory in the company. We've got, we're prosecuting some of the best acreage in the basin and doing it in such a way that's focused on capital efficiency and returns, as Nick described.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Royall with JPMorgan.
John Royall: You've had a handful of international project start-ups that you touched on in the release. If you could give us some more color on these projects, that would be helpful. And maybe if you could tie that into a growth outlook for the international business in '24 as well, that would be helpful.
Andrew O’Brien: John, this is Andy. I can take that one. It's a little early to be getting into full year guidance for 2024. As you mentioned, we have had some pretty good news across our Alaskan international projects. So we've made some pretty significant progress across the portfolio, and it really is nice to see so many of those projects achieved major milestones on or ahead of schedule and budget. Ryan touched on Norway, where there we achieved first production ahead of schedule on 3 of our 4 subsea tiebacks. And we expect the fourth one to come online as planned in Q2 '24. So we expect those 4 projects in aggregate to add about 20,000 barrels a day of production next year, which should more than offset normal decline in '24. We also had some good news in China where our partner-operated Bohai Phase 4b achieved first production ahead of schedule from the first platform. Now that's going to be 2 platforms tied back to a central processing facility, and we'd expect the second platform to come on in the first quarter. And then with that, we'll then have the opportunity to drill new wells in Bohai for the next 4 to 5 years. And then we also had some pretty big major milestones in Canada with CPF2 in the Montney and Pad 267 in Surmont. So CPF2 has successfully started up in September, and that's going to add to about 100 million cubic feet a day of gas processing, and about 30,000 barrels of condensate, above handling capacity. So in the Montney, we averaged about 20,000 barrels of production in Q3, and we're going to substantially grow that next year. And then finally, with Surmont Pad 267, we achieved first steam in September, and we'll get first half in early '24. Now with 267 online, we'd expect to see Surmont grow -- something 5,000 and 10,000 barrels a day next year. And importantly, that's inclusive of a month-long turnaround that we conduct every 5 years and somewhat. So I'm really proud of what we're doing and executing across these projects. And I think all this is a really sort of example of how we leverage our existing infrastructure to deliver on our low cost of supply opportunities. So hopefully that gives you a feel for sort of the momentum we're building going into next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Richardson with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Richardson: Bill, I was wondering if maybe you could help us on a little bit of broad strokes on 2024, CapEx thoughts. I think in the past, you've talked about kind of flattish CapEx around $11 billion, with admitting, there's a lot of moving parts in an M&A environment. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about that as you're thinking forward.
Dominic Macklon: Yes, it's Dominic. Stephen. What we'd say is very consistent with the AIM framework we laid out on CapEx. Just to recap the moving parts. We've got several moving pieces. We got -- assuming Willow is sanctioned, which we expect spending on that project will be higher. And then, of course, you have the incremental $100 million or so for the other 50% of the term of the Surmont that we're adding. And those increases will be mostly offset by, we're going to see lower spending on our LNG projects and roll off of the project capital at Norway. So but I think the key message there is really very much in line with the framework we laid out at AIM. Of course, you do have the addition of Surmont to extra 50% there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Although Phil has gone to the dark side with the one question...
Ryan Lance: One man's opinion, Doug.
Doug Leggate: If I may, I'd like to make one comment and ask one question. My one comment is your stock's up almost 5% this morning. I think acknowledging your dividend move -- ordinary dividend move is gaining recognition in the market. And congratulations on taking that step. We'd like to see more of it.  Okay. With that, my question is simply this. One of my peers asked a question earlier about performance in the Permian. I thought I'd like to ask it a little differently, one of your very large peers had some nonoperated portfolio problems in the quarter. You guys have got a large part of your production that comes from nonoperated production. Is there any discernible difference between your operated performance and your nonoperated performance that's driven this reliable production growth year-over-year.
Ryan Lance: Yes. So I can't resist but to comment on your comment, Doug, and then I'll let Nick answer a question on the Lower 48. But it's exactly what we thought should happen with top quartile targeted dividend growth as a company relative to the S&P 500. So that's been our plan, and we're sticking to it and executing on that plan. But yes, I can let Nick comment on your question about -- open up in the Permian.
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Doug, good question. I mean, I think you're looking at the Q2 to Q3 performance this year, we were up 2%, so sequential growth. And as Bill mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're seeing 7% year-over-year. Obviously, that has a combination of our operated and nonoperated portfolio. Both are performing well. Specifically, Doug, in Q2 to Q3, a large component of that increase was our operated Permian program, as well as OBO. So we're seeing increases in the operated by others, and a little bit of Bakken as well. I mean we -- these operated by other assets are very competitive. We look at every ballot. We benchmark each one, and it performs well within our cost supply framework. As a reminder, if you look at Permian in general, about 30% of our production is coming from operated by other, within the Permian. And if I take you back a little bit in time to the Analyst Investor Day, when you think about the split between the 2 basins, we've got 2/3 of our inventories in the Delaware, 1/3 in the Midland Basin to generate the full Lower 48 of 5%. But bottom line, Doug, is that they're both competing well. We will review every ballot to make sure we're investing the right capital and drive that capital efficiency.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lloyd Byrne with Jefferies.
Francis Byrne: Ryan, you mentioned it in your prepared remarks, but I'm hoping you could comment further on international gas integration strategy. And I recognize it's early, but by our numbers, there seems like a lot of option value there. So maybe just thought process behind it and maybe any targets you might have to help us think about the future there.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I can let Bill give you some details there, Lloyd. But yes, we're excited about the opportunity to add the regas capacity in the Netherlands at the Gate LNG, complements well our German edition, and we're looking elsewhere as we try to build out and move the Port Arthur volumes and the volumes we have in other places around the globe into that market, which we think is going to be a strong market for many decades to come, which is why we're moving into this. I can -- Bill can be a bit more specific to your question on the details there.
William Bullock: Yes. I'm happy to put a bit more color on that. So we're very focused on developing market. And as we've talked about, we want to do this in a stair-step fashion with how we originate supply. You've seen us announce Port Arthur LNG and LNG. We're making really strong progress at 2.8 million tonnes per annum of regas capacity at German LNG, 2 of that is dedicated to supporting our LNG out of Qatar that leaves 0.8 at Germany. We just added 1.5 million tonnes of regas capacity at Gate. So that's 2.3, that's roughly half of Port Arthur. And I think importantly, we're continuing to see a lot of interest and strong demand for LNG. As we've talked, we're looking to develop a diversified portfolio that's both sales into Europe and also sales into Asia, perhaps some FOB sales at the facility and having a mix of variety of term links in that. And so I'm just -- I'm really pleased with the progress we're making within 6 months of kind of FID on Port Arthur, we've got roughly half of it placed. And I think the way to think about that, just going back to the vignette, I showed at AIM is, you look at the capacity that we have into Germany and the TTF, the way to think about that as you're modeling returns as you start with the Henry Hub price, you add liquefaction tools shipping and regas, you compare that to what you think European gas price will be. That's going to give you your base CFO for volumes into Europe before adding any diversion optionality on to that. You can do a similar type analysis going to Asia. So yes, we share your view here that these are very interesting additions to our portfolio, and we're really pleased with the progress we're making.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley.
Devin McDermott: So I want to echo the earlier comment on the dividend raise and ask a question on the shareholder return. So it's good to see the 14% increase. I was wondering if this large change in the dividend is more tied to incremental cash flow on Surmont, or there's been a broader change in how you're thinking about the target payout, or dividend breakeven as you look out at the business over the next few years? And just as part of that. Maybe you can give us an update on your broader thinking on shareholder return strategy and the breakdown of dividend VROC and buybacks in the context of dividends increase.
Ryan Lance: Yes. No, I don't think anything has changed in our framework, which we outlined, I think, pretty extensively in our last analyst meeting. So based on our mid-cycle price call, you can expect us to deliver at least 30% of our cash flow back to our shareholders. And then we've said, when the prices are in excess of our mid-cycle price call, which is where the prices are today and where they've been over the last few years, you should expect us to be delivering more of our cash back. And that's, in fact, what we've done over the last 5 to 6 years, delivered mid-40%, 45% or so of our cash, has gone back to our shareholders. And it's done that in a form of both the cash and buying our shares back. So our construct around that really hasn't changed. We like to provide an affordable, reliable ordinary dividend that grows competitive with the top quartile, the S&P 500 over time. We'd like to buy some of our shares back through the cycle in a mid-cycle construct, and then we introduced the third leg VROC to add additional return back to our shareholders when prices are above our mid-cycle price call. So that's the construct we have and as we -- and we're sticking to that. We think it's served the company pretty well and it provides -- like this year, we expect cash flow of close to $22 billion, and we're giving half of that back to our shareholders. So it's probably not a bad starting point for next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nitin Kumar with Mizuho.
Nitin Kumar: I guess just sticking with the theme of M&A and I appreciate, Ryan, you touched on it in your comments. But one of your peers out there has talked about improving recoveries in the Permian to the tune of 20% or higher than everybody else. You operate across the entire Permian Basin. I'm curious, are you deploying or seeing others deploy technologies that you think can improve recovery rates that significantly?
Ryan Lance: Yes. I'll let Nick respond to that specifically. And I guess I'd make this one broad comment is, I think as we talk about this topic, I think in the companies and a lot of people are guilty of this inflation a bit, between recovery and recovery rate or recovery factor. So I think you have to be really careful when we talk about this, in light of these unconventionals, we're doing everything we can to improve the recovery that we get from the wells, the acreage, the blocks, the layers that we have within our portfolio. And -- but be careful not to conflate that to recovery factor or a recovery rate. And I can have Nick speak a bit more specifically about the things we're doing to make sure we get maximum recovery out of our assets.
Nicholas Olds: Thanks, Ryan. Yes, in our asset teams, as Ryan mentioned, are very focused on optimizing the recovery of our wells and our development projects across all of Lower 48 assets. I think it's important, too, is we seek to maximize recovery but also driving improvement in capital, and that's part of our returns-focused strategy and the cost supply framework that we judge every decision against. We look at kind of improving recovery across kind of 3 primary buckets, so I'll take you through that, what we're looking at what we're deploying within our assets. So first, we look at development decisions, we used our first bucket. Secondly, is how do we optimize the reservoir, and that's our second bucket. And then the third one is really, when we look at enhanced oil recovery, but that's more longer term. Now, then one of the things that we obviously have within the Permian, and we mentioned this at the Analyst Investor Day, is that we have 2 decades of inventory within the Permian at current rig activities level. So we have a lot of focus on development decisions and the reservoir optimization to improve recovery. A couple of things. Well, lateral length is critical. We speak to about the inventory length, more you can go from a 1 lateral to a 2 to a 3-mile lateral. You increase the recovery per well. And as we've mentioned before, you go from a 1 to 3, we improve our cost of supply, which drives capital efficiency by 30% to 40%. So we're doing that. As a reminder, we've got 80% of our Permian well inventory is 1.5 miles or greater, and 60% is 2 miles or greater, and we're continuing to execute 3-mile laterals year-to-year growth on those as well. On the well completion side, again, this still sits in that development decision bucket. We're doing some interesting work in the Bakken, as an example, using multi-varied analysis where we optimize completion design to maximize both recovery and capital efficiency and seeing recent completion results that are very favorable in that space. And then the kind of the last item I'll address on the development decision is around spacing and stacking. One thing that we do out in the Midland Basin that you've heard here recently is co-development. Co-development allows us to minimize the parent-child impacts, while improving recovery as well as capital efficiency. And we've demonstrated over the last 4 years, both in the Midland Basin, as well as the Delaware Basin around improved performance there. On the second component that we're focusing in, on reservoir optimization, I'll draw you to -- your attention to Eagle Ford. We're using kind of techniques where we refrack these wells, kind of late life in the wells. And we're seeing improved well performance on expected ultimate recovery by 60%, which is very competitive in our cost supply framework. And then I'll take you up to the Bakken. We're using infill wells and upcoming edge wells to further increase overall recovery, and these are also a competitive cost of supply. Again, that's increasing the recovery per pad. And then the final bucket, that enhanced oil recovery component, where we've done many pilot studies, mainly in the Eagle Ford, around gas injection, huff-and-puff. And we've seen technical success. We've seen injectivity and the corresponding oil response. But I'll leave you with this on the enhanced oil recovery, these projects don't compete within our expansive drill 1 inventory at this point in time. We'll continue to study it and analyze it, and that's something we can address in the future. So from long laterals to improve completion design to infill wells, we're improving recovery in our assets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: A lot of this has been hit. But I guess I'll just ask about Alaska. There has been a little more noise up there on the -- I don't know if you call it, regulatory, legislative side, and then we're about to head into the winter season. So I'm just curious, Willow and other things, what's going on there.
Andrew O’Brien: Roger, this is Andy. So yes, let me take that one. I'll start with the legal and then we'll give you a bit of an update on where we are with the project. So on the legal side, I talked about this on previous calls, there are lawsuits challenging the federal government's approval of the project. As I mentioned on the last call, we expect to see a ruling on this in November. The preliminary rulings in April were favorable and then the upcoming ruling will address the full scope of the legal challenge. Again, I'm repeating myself a little here, but as I said on the last call, we're very happy with how the BLM and competing agencies conducted the process, and satisfied all the requirements to grant their approval. So we're confident, and we're looking forward to those court rulings in November as we get ready for the 24 season. And then I think the other part of the legal question you were alluding to is the, separately, in September, the Department of Interior proposed additional regulations for the management and protection of the NPRA. And we don't expect these draft rules to impact Willow or prevent our exploration program. It doesn't have any impact on the 10-year plan we've previously laid out at AIM. But that said, we are concerned if the rules are adopted as currently drafted, they could impact future developments beyond Willow, in the National Petroleum Reserve Alaska. So the way to be providing feedback to the Department of Interior to try and make the proposed rules more consistent with the existing statute. And again, I'll just finish the legal bit with -- as a reminder, the statute recognizes the primary purpose of the NPRA is to increase domestic oil supply. So that's kind of where we are on the legal side. And then just very quickly where we are in terms of the project. Taking a step back here, as I described back at our investor update, Willow, is the kind of project that's right in our wheelhouse. We've got no first-of-the-kind type risk here. It's 3 drill sites to 1 new processing facility. And our track record and our [indiscernible] of excellence in delivering on schedule and on budget. But specifically to where we are right now, work is progressing well, and our 2023 capital is fully factored into the total company guidance we gave today. We started the first phase of module fabrication on the Gulf Coast. And then on the North Slope, we've successfully opened the gravel mine, and we're preparing for the 24th construction season. We've already got over half of the project scope under firm contract. And these contracts include clauses if we don't FID the project that we can exit. Now all the contracts we've issued today, 75% from a lump sum or unit rate for these type of contracts, we have a greater price and now have limited exposure to future inflation. So as we continue the contract negotiations, our estimate of capital to first production remains unchanged at $7 billion to $7.5 billion that we previously provided. So I think that probably gives you a good update on where we are on the legal and on the project side of things.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Maybe one for you, Ryan, you've been on you've been busy on the portfolio over the last few years across a wide range of regions and types of assets across the portfolio. As you -- and some of that is obviously opportunistic just when the timing of things like Surmont and APLNG came up. But if you take a step back now and look, is there still more to do on the portfolio, in terms of portfolio management? Are there increased high-grading opportunities on the divestiture side that we should expect, as you continue to develop things, or any places that you would like to change or increase your exposure, maybe as you look going forward down the line in terms of long-term competitiveness.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Ryan. No, I think as we tried to show you at the Analyst Meeting earlier this year, we're pretty pleased with all the efforts we've made in the company over the last 4 to 5 years to really, what we think has put out an extremely compelling 10-year plan. So I wouldn't describe the -- really, really like where the portfolio has gotten to. It's got a -- it's global, it's diverse. It's got a great mix, a short-, medium- and longer-cycle opportunities organically to invest in. All those investments lead to 20 billion barrels, less than $40 cost of supply. So we've got a lot of visibility into what we think is a great plan. We're ruthless high graders of the portfolio. If some doesn't compete, we're looking for opportunities moving out. I wouldn't describe we've got anything significant inside the portfolio today that would fall into that category. And we're always looking and trying to be opportunistic, which I think describes to your point, the APLNG ROFR and the Surmont ROFR that we hold. So you never quite know when your partners make a change that you didn't anticipate, and you get a great opportunity to acquire an asset that you know really well. And the one that we know we can make better if we have it under our control, and ultimately, as I said, it makes our 10-year plan better. So we're always out looking to find -- because you never quite know when these things might materialize, but we tend to be very opportunistic. And I just remind people, our framework is intact. It has to meet our financial framework. We got to see a way clear to make the asset better, and does it make that 10-year plan that we think is quite compelling, does it make that 10-year plan better, which is a pretty high hurdle inside the company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Can you hear me?
Ryan Lance: Yes, we sure can, Paul.
Paul Cheng: If I can go back into Permian. What's your average lateral length now? And then how much do you think you can improve or lengthen it over the next several years? Is that the -- one of the primary contributor that you think you could improve the result in your OBO, Permian operation. And also that, whether you guys have tested because at some point, I would imagine it will reach this economy of scale when you get longer and longer. Do you have any experiment that you guys have done that, what that limit may be? Is it 4 miles? Is it longer than 4 miles or less than 4 miles?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Paul. I can let Nick kind of weigh in on some of that. We're not, yes, I think lateral length is just one of the things that we're working on. Nick described a bunch more on an earlier question around completion efficiency and how we're attacking the spacing and the stacking. So I think it's all of those things that we're trying to attack, and they're different depending on where you're at in the Bakken, the Eagle Ford or the Permian. But we have deep experience in all 3 of those basins and using all that knowledge to make sure we're maximizing the recovery and minimizing the cost of supply, and maximizing the efficiency that we're getting out of it, specifically on lateral lengths, I can let Nick weigh in on that.
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Paul. Just to reiterate, again, we've got a significant deep and broad, long lateral inventory across the assets. Just mentioned previously, the 80% of Permian inventory is 1.5 miles or greater, and the 60% greater than 2 miles, and we continue to see more and more 3-mile laterals and are very -- we're seeing good results coming out of the 3-mile laterals, both from our 2022 program, as well as 2023. So we continue to see increases in that space. Our teams continue from a BD standpoint and a land standpoint, look at core opportunities. And this is not only in the Permian. But as Ryan just mentioned in the Bakken, we just finished up some trades there to allow us to drill some 3-mile laterals in the future. So we're increasing the portfolio of long laterals across all 4 assets. The thing that you had talked about related to how far can you go, I'll just step back, the 3-mile laterals that we're seeing over the last couple of years are performing well. We're very encouraged with the results. You want to make sure you get contribution across that entire lateral length. As we would think about going further longer lateral lengths, I think you mentioned 4 miles, there's a trade-off. You can potentially drive down and improve cost of supply. And then also, you have to look through the lens of operational risk, because that operational risk is also, oddly, in development drilling, actually drilling the well, but also future workovers. And so we're looking at that in the future, but I'll leave you with the fact that the 3-mile laterals performed extremely well, and we've got a very deep inventory of long laterals, as I mentioned earlier.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Silverstein with UBS.
Joshua Silverstein: Ryan, I appreciate the comments before on the return to capital thoughts for next year. I was curious with the added debt from the Surmont transaction, how you might think of additional shareholder returns versus this year or that want to build cash, or pay down the debt there.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I think we're in that planning process as we kind of think about next year and all those moving pieces. So I say it looks to me like at this 10 seconds, commodity prices are kind of very similar to where we were coming out at the end of last year coming into the beginning of 2023. So I think that framework around total return as a starting point is pretty good for 2024. We'll just have to see what commodity prices are as we go forward. And we have a plan, and Bill can address that, to kind of pay off the pay off debt as it comes due over the next few years. That gets us down to our original target of $15 billion in gross debt, and we can continue to do that. And I think if we had a very large up cycle to the price commodity price, we might look at adding more cash to the balance sheet as well. So I think all 3 of those are in play as we think about, what we do over the course of each quarter as we go into next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research.
Sam Margolin: I guess I wanted to ask for an update maybe on the Venezuela process. It's come up in prior calls and the process is advancing. And I guess, specifically, I want to ask about a scenario where the assets that aren't strategic to you get returned or surrendered to creditors, and what might be the path forward from there because it's a large claim, and it's material. And it seems like it will be a good outcome for you, but might require some actions in the aftermath.
Timothy Leach: Yes. Sure, Andrew. It's Tim. But yes, we're in a process with the Venezuelans right now. They also have a considerable amount of money through both our or ICSID and our ICC claims, approaching over $8 billion. They own some, on the full judgment on the ICC, they still owe us $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion. So we're pursuing that pretty aggressively. I think we're watching the progress closely. Clearly, the U.S. government has provided a lifting of some, if not all, of the sanctions here, waiting on results of what the Venezuelans do on the other end for free and fair election. So that may create a bit of an opening. But this is a long process, but we're pretty committed to doing everything we can to make sure we get our money out of Venezuelans that they owe us. And that's what we're focused on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: My question, you get on this a little bit, just on M&A specifically, why I appreciate your earlier comments about any assets needing in the 10-year plan. I'm just wondering, is there a preference for, when you're seeing things shorter longer-term cycle assets? And just also curious on how you view valuations of some of the recent public deals.
Ryan Lance: Well, certainly, the way we look at it, Neal, is we like a global, we like a diverse portfolio. We like it to be balanced. I think we're mostly focused on what's the cost of supply to make sure it fits our framework around that, and that any asset that you bring into the company, make sure it compete for capital on an ongoing basis against a pretty rich, deep, durable, long life and a lot of inventory sitting in the company today. So as I said, it's a pretty high bar. I don't know quite how to comment on the recent deals that have been done. Those are transactions. Those are really good companies that were bought. Clearly, they have good assets. we're pretty familiar with them. We've watched them for a long period of time, and they're good companies with good assets. Transactions were, in a part of the cycle that's, little frothy and probably at a higher mid-cycle price than we would ascribe to them, I guess. Maybe that's all I should probably say.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold: I was just kind of curious, does consolidation that creates larger peers in the Permian impact the competitiveness of comps development and positioning. Specifically, if you look at services and midstream capacity, as you kind of move forward on your -- kind of 7% growth CAGR over the next decade plus?
Ryan Lance: I don't think we see a huge issue there at all, Scott. There's a lot of operators already in the Permian Basin. And it seems like the service side of the business has been accommodating all the activity that we have out there. There's been periods of tightness on certain categories. There's been, there are certain services that, by and large, we don't think it's going to be a big issue for us going forward. The advantage of being one of those large operators in the basin is, you get the attention of the service companies because they know you've got a program that's durable. I know you got a program that has some link to it. They know you're not going to be whipsawing them around. And those are the kind of customers that they want to work for. And then those are the -- so they tend to work with us, and so we don't see any exposure to the current consolidation trend in the Permian, and it's going to continue. No questions. So more probably needs to happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin MacCurdy [ph] with Pickering Energy Partners.
Unidentified Analyst: I wonder if you can provide your current thoughts on adding activity in the Lower 48. I know you said that you can grow production without adding, but others are looking at the current service prices and commodity prices and seeing this is a good time to add. So I just want to hear your most recent thoughts on that.
Ryan Lance: Well, I think that will be part of the process we're going through right now, Kevin. I think we're trying to think about what 2024 looks like, but our starting point is, we're seeing the efficiencies and we're seeing growth coming out of our assets. So we started to a place that says, let's just think about flat scope, and then we'll think about these other drivers like commodity price or service capability to your point and make a decision as we go into next year about what the scope and the resulting capital will look like.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Leo Mariani with ROTH MKM.
Leo Mariani: I wondered if you could just comment on what you're seeing in terms of -- kind of Lower 48 service cost trends. I think there was a lot of expectations a handful of months ago that costs may be falling, but now kind of commodities that have kind of recovered. Maybe just give us kind of your perspective of what you're seeing there on leading edge costs.
Dominic Macklon: Yes. Leo, it's Dominic. So as we talked about in the last quarter, we're certainly seeing some areas of deflation of Lower 48. I think, if you look at our capital spend this quarter, that's part of that trend is in there, in terms of being lower capital this quarter than the previous. But we still expect our overall company capital inflation to average out in the mid-single digits this year over last year, and that's all reflected in our guidance. I would say that as we approach the end of the year, and this is something that is in our thought process right now is -- kind of Ryan was alluding to. We do think the market is kind of finally balanced. We do see some deflation coming through, but we have seen oil and gas prices recently strengthened. So what we're looking very hard is, how we think that will trend into next year. But I think, as I said earlier, in terms of our overall capital expectations next year, very much in line with what we laid out at AIM, of course, plus our additional interest in Surmont. So that's just something that we're watching closely, but that gives you a good sense of how we're thinking. So...
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2023 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Liz, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Phil Gresh, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Philip Gresh: Thank you, Liz, and welcome to everyone to our second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On the call today are several members of the ConocoPhillips leadership team, including Ryan Lance, Chairman and CEO; and Tim Leach, Adviser to the CEO; Bill Bullock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dominic Macklon, Executive Vice President of Strategy, Sustainability and Technology; Nick Olds, Executive Vice President of Lower 48; Andy O'Brien, Senior Vice President of Global Operations; Kirk Johnson, Senior Vice President, Lower 48 assets and Operations; and Will Giraud, Senior Vice President, Corporate Planning, Planning and Development. Ryan and Bill will kick off the call with opening remarks, after which the team will be available for your questions.  A few quick reminders. First, along with today's release, we published supplemental financial materials and a slide presentation, which you can find on the Investor Relations website. Second, during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results may differ due to factors noted in today's release and in our periodic SEC filings. We will make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in today's release and on our website.  So with that, I will turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Phil, and thank you to everyone joining our second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. It was certainly another busy quarter for ConocoPhillips. In April, we hosted our Analyst and Investor Meeting in New York City where we laid out our 10-year strategic and financial plan, and we committed to you that we would keep working to make the plan even better, and we've done that again this quarter.  We executed an agreement to purchase the remaining 50% of Surmont, which we expect to close in the fourth quarter. Surmont is a long life, low decline and low capital intensity assets that we know very well. In the current $80 per barrel WTI price environment, we expect incremental free cash flow from the additional 50% interest to approach $1 billion in 2024. We expect first production in early 2024 from Pad 267, our first new path since 2016, and we see debottlenecking potential at the facility to further improve our cash flows.  We also continue to progress our global LNG strategy. In the quarter, we finalized the acquisition of our interest in the Qatar North field South joint venture. And in North America, we executed agreements for 2.2 million tonnes per annum of offtake at the Saguaro LNG project on the West Coast of Mexico. And in Germany, we can confirm we have secured a total of 2.8 million tonnes per annum of regasification capacity at German LNG. And while it's only been a few months since FID at Port Arthur, we are further progressing our offtake placement opportunities in both Europe and Asia.  Now shifting to the quarter. While commodity prices were volatile, ConocoPhillips continued to deliver strong underlying performance. Once again, we had record global and Lower 48 production and we raised our full year production guidance for the second straight quarter. This was achieved through continued capital efficiency improvements as the midpoint of our full year capital guidance remains unchanged.  We continue to deliver on our returns-focused value proposition. We have distributed $5.8 billion through dividends and buybacks year-to-date, putting us well on track to achieve our planned $11 billion return of capital for 2023. And we did this while funding the shorter and longer-term organic growth opportunities that we see across the entire portfolio.  So in conclusion, our deep and our durable and diversified asset base continues to get better and better. And we are well positioned to generate competitive returns and cash flow for decades to come.  Now let me turn the call over to Bill to cover our second quarter performance in more detail.
William Bullock: Thanks, Ryan. Diving into second quarter performance, we generated $1.84 per share in adjusted earnings. We recognize that this result was below consensus, which we primarily attribute to transitory price capture headwinds in Lower 48 natural gas and Alaska crude. Now based on strip pricing for the second half, we expect price capture to normalize and be consistent with our previous full year guidance of $22 billion in CFO at $80 WTI and our published full year sensitivities.  Moving to production. We set another record in the second quarter, producing 1,805,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, representing 6% underlying year-over-year growth with solid execution across the entire portfolio. Planned turnarounds were successfully completed in Norway and Qatar. And Lower 48 production was also a record, averaging 1,063,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 709,000 from the Permian, 235,000 from the Eagle Ford and 104,000 from the Bakken. Lower 48 underlying production grew 8% year-on-year, with new wells online and strong well performance relative to our expectations across our asset base.  Moving to cash flows. Second quarter CFO was $4.7 billion at an average WTI price of $74 per barrel. This includes APLNG distributions of $405 million. And in the second quarter, we also received $200 million in proceeds, primarily related to a prior year disposition. Second quarter capital expenditures were $2.9 billion, which included $624 million for long-cycle projects. Now through the first half, we have now funded $700 million for Port Arthur LNG of the planned $1.1 billion for the year, which we expect to lead to a step down in overall capital in the second half. We also expect to see a step down in Lower 48 capital in the second half of the year. And as a result, we have narrowed our full year capital guidance range to $10.8 billion to $11.2 billion, with no change to the midpoint.  Regarding returns of capital, we returned $2.7 billion to shareholders in the second quarter. This was via $1.3 billion in share buybacks and $1.4 billion in ordinary dividends and VROC payments. And we announced a fourth quarter VROC of $0.60 per share, which has us on track to deliver our $11 billion target for total return of capital in 2023.  Turning to guidance. We forecast third quarter production to be in the range of $1.78 billion to 1.82 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, which includes 20,000 barrels a day of planned seasonal turnaround, primarily in Alaska and Europe.  We have also increased the midpoint of our full year production guidance. Our new full year range is 1.8 million to 1.1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day up 15,000 barrels per day from the prior midpoint of $1.78 billion to $1.8 million previously. For APLNG, we expect distributions of $400 million in the third quarter and $1.9 billion for the full year.  Consistent with our higher production guidance for the year, we have raised our full year adjusted operating cost and our DD&A guidance by $100 million each to $8.3 billion and $8.2 billion, respectively. We have also lowered our corporate cost guidance by $100 million to $800 million due to higher interest income. And finally, as a reminder, all guidance excludes any impact from announced but not closed acquisitions such as Surmont and APLNG.  So to wrap up, we had another solid operational quarter. We're confident in our outlook, leading to our increase in full year production guidance. We continue to progress our strategic initiatives across the portfolio, and we expect to return $11 billion to shareholders this year.  Now that concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn it back over to the operator to start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Want to build on Slide 7 here on price realizations. As you mentioned, a little weaker in Lower 48 gas and Alaska. You had mentioned some of the stuff is transitory, and it's moving in your direction in Q3. Can you provide a little more color there?
William Bullock: Yes, absolutely, Neil. So obviously, second quarter was a bit challenging on our capture rates. And as you noted, it's particularly Lower 48 gas and Alaska crude. And I'll give you some details on each, but the punchline here is that we're already seeing Lower 48 gas differentials and elastic crude pricing returning to more normal levels in the third quarter. And as I mentioned, based on strip and differentials for the rest of the year, we remain comfortable with our framework reference of $22 billion in CFO at $80 WTI and $3 Henry Hub that we provided at the beginning of the year, along with our published full year price sensitivities.  But let me start with Lower 48 gas. Our slides show that our second quarter capture rate was 68% of Henry Hub. That's down from 85% in the first quarter, which compares to our expectation of roughly 80% capture for the full year that we laid out a couple of quarters ago. And as you probably recall, I said that we expected Lower 48 capture to be volatile quarter-to-quarter this year, and we are certainly seeing that. Now the 68% rate in the second quarter was mostly driven by what we're seeing in still wide Permian differentials relative to Henry Hub for the first half of the year as well as the absence of some strength in SoCal and Bakken that we saw in the first quarter, which really explains the quarter-to-quarter change.  Now looking at third quarter, Permian differentials have narrowed back to more normal ranges. That's with some pipeline takeaway improvements and additional debottleling ahead, and SoCal's looking a bit better as well. But Clearly, the story here is Permian disk. That's what matters the most.  Now on Alaska crude, this one's a bit more unique to ConocoPhillips. Capture rates slipped to 97% in the second quarter from 101% in the first quarter, and that's largely timing related. With some of our second quarter cargoes, they were priced when A&S was trading at a discount to Brent. But as you can see on the screen right now, A&S is back to premium to Brent more towards historic levels. So I'd say when we look at this and pull it out all together, we remain encouraged by our recent capture rates, and we're confident in our full year estimates and activities, and we're pretty constructive on the second half of the year, Neil.
Neil Mehta: Really appreciate that. The follow-up is a small bump here in production guide. It's been 2 quarters in a row where Lower 48 crude oil has come in strong above 560,000 barrels. So just curious on the driver of the bump was it in the Lower 48? Or is it throughout the portfolio and just your thoughts on production momentum over the course of the year?
Dominic Macklon: Yes. Thanks, Neil. It's Dominic here. Yes. We're pretty pleased with production performance. I think it's really across the board. We're seeing everything perform well. But certainly, it is a Lower 48 that is standing out a little bit more, and even -- and Nick will talk to that in a minute.  So you're right, yes, that's the second quarter that we've increased in a row. Our production guidance were up 25,000 BOEs equivalent since the beginning of the year, and what's interesting about 80% of that increase is actually oil. And so our full year underlying growth is expected to be 3% to 4% this year, and that would be 7% to 8% in the Lower 48. Now there is a lot of focus on product mix right now in the sector.  So let me just say that we expect our product mix to be consistent over the year also. So those growth numbers really work on both the BOE and the ball of oil basis. And we can get some noise on mix from quarter-to-quarter in the Lower 48, depending which particular pads are brought online across our basins, but that will average out over the year to a consistent product mix.  So for example, if you look at our second half 2022 compared to first half of this year, we've had very consistent product mix in Lower 48, around 54% oil. So yes, we're pleased with the production progress. Like I said, really the Permian and the low 48 is driving that. So Nick, do you want to talk a little bit about that?
Nicholas Olds: Yes. Thanks, Dominic. Yes. So there are probably 2 main reasons for that driver for the top end of the range on Lower 48. First, we had modest accelerations of activity kind of late Q1 and 2Q, therefore, accelerating some wells online and then strong well performance.  Now the accelerations that I mentioned was resulting of improved drilling and completion efficiency. So as I mentioned at the Analyst and Investor Meeting, we continue to realize improved efficiencies in 2023, therefore, accelerating some of the wells. So that's point #1.  And then if you look at the overall strong well performance, we're seeing that across the board. So we're either at 2022 performance or exceeding our type curves in certain areas as well. So that's, as Dominic mentioned, very encouraging  I will point out a couple of points on the drilling and completion efficiency that's making a large difference. We continue to realize efficiency improvements, for example, in our Permian real-time Drilling Intelligence Group, where, Neil, we have 24/7 real-time monitoring where we can optimize the rig program, we can troubleshoot across the entire Permian rig fleet and then share best practices across the rigs as well. That's resulting in 10% improvement in ROP. And then we continue to high-grade rigs across the Lower 48 to drive and improve operational efficiency. And then on the fracking side, simul frac, remote frac, and we're testing out some new technology down in the Eagle Ford continue to drive efficiency. So very encouraging.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Richardson with Evercore ISI.
Stephen Richardson: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the Mexico-Pacific offtake agreement. Conceivably, you have a lot of -- looking at these types of deals. So why was this the right project for you? And also, what do you see the path to sort of FID and timing there? I would love to hear a little bit more about that and how it fits in the broader strategy.
Ryan Lance: Well, maybe, Steve, I'll take some of the broader strategy and then turn specifically over to Bill for the Saguaro project itself. But as we try to lay out a game kind of looking at a high level, we think from a energy transition perspective and just confidence in what we're really good at on the LNG side, we wanted to expand that piece of our business. So we set out a couple of years ago to go do that. I think it's consistent with the Qatari volumes. Of course, getting Port Arthur to FID and then and now the Saguaro opportunity, specifically on the West Coast.  But it's all in service to trying to build up more -- a bigger LNG business inside the company and taking opportunities as they become available, both on the equity side at Port Arthur but, more importantly, on the offtake side in trying to service some of the growing demand that we see coming out of Europe and Asia. I can have Bill -- Bill can talk more specifically about the Saguaro project.
William Bullock: Yes, sure. So as we talked at AIM, we're really focused on building up both our market and our originating highly competitive supply on a pretty stair-step basis. And we're making excellent progress on both those fronts, Steve. So as Ryan mentioned, we've secured million tons of regas in Germany. That supports our 2 million-ton offtake from our LNG SPAs with Qatar. That leaves 0.8 for our commercial LNG business. And putting that in perspective, that's 16% of Port Arthur LNG right there. And we are continuing to make excellent progress advancing offtake into Europe, and we've been progressing discussions with several Asian buyers. Really happy and pleased with how we're moving forward with developing market.  And against that backdrop, we are pretty thrilled to be adding 2.2 million tons of offtake on the West Coast of Mexico. That's obviously pending successful FID by Mexico Pacific. But you'll recall, at AIM, we mentioned that we're really interested in adding West Coast LNG into our portfolio. This particular facility adds diversity to our offtake options. It avoids the Panama Canal. It's supportive of volumes into Asia. And from a supply perspective, it really does complement our offtake from Port Arthur very nicely. It creates some excellent optimization opportunities.  You probably noticed it's got strong backing from very credible counterparties in addition to ConocoPhillips, and it supports a dedicated pipeline from the Permian. So that's always appreciated. It provides further takeaway optionality from the basin, which I think is helpful for Waha pricing. And it also is using ConocoPhilips' optimized cascade technology. So there's quite a few reasons why we like having capacity at Saguaro.  Now note that it is an offtake agreement. There is not an equity component to this one. It is simply offtake. And I think the most important point that Ryan has already mentioned is we can -- to see really strong demand for LNG, and so this fits quite nicely as we're kind of laddering our build-out of market and supply.
Stephen Richardson: That's great color, Bill, and Ryan. Bill, I was wondering if I could just follow up quickly on Surmont. It's been a little while since you exercised, but wondering if you could give us your latest thoughts on funding of that transaction and how you're thinking about it.
William Bullock: Yes, I'm happy to. So let me just start with some overall context to how we're thinking about our cash balances and the acquisition of additional 50% interest. We ended the second quarter with a little over $7 billion of cash and short-term investments. And as we talked at AIM, that really provides strategic flexibility. It supports our investments in these mid- and longer-cycle projects in our shareholder distribution commitments.  And when we look forward at the current strip, we expect that our organic sources and uses for the remainder of the year are going to be pretty balanced, Steve, and that our ending cash absent Surmont would be flattish with what we're seeing right now.  Now as Ryan mentioned, Surmont is a long-life asset. It's got a really great resource base, and it's one of these ideal assets to think about funding with debt because of its long-dated cash flows. You can match your assets and your liabilities pretty well with something like this. So for the Surmont to transaction specifically, and it's a bit tactical, but it's likely that we will use debt for a majority of the funding for Surmont.  And then I'll just wrap up by pointing out, Ryan said in his remarks that the pricing that we're seeing right now. We see strong incremental CFO from that 50% increase in working interest Surmont. That's starting to approach $1 billion of incremental CFO next year at $80. So we're quite happy with the Surmont acquisition and quite comfortable with our funding plans.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Dom, I wonder if this is probably for you. I want to follow up on the question about well performance productivity, the terrific product production performance, the raise that you've introduced today. But I want to ask it a slightly different way. Your partner in the Permian -- specific to the Permian, I should say, has been talking about, I don't want to call it some magic formula or sauce or whatever, but the well productivity is off the charts, and you obviously are a big beneficiary of that. I'm wondering if you can comment as to whether there's any osmosis towards Conoco's operated production. And if you could maybe contrast and compare any differences you see between your 60% ownership position in the JV and your legacy position in the operated area around the Conoco assets?
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Doug, this is Nick. I'll take a stab. I think you're looking at the non-operated versus operated split. Is that where you're going with?
Doug Leggate: Basically, yes. Exactly right.
Nicholas Olds: Yes, yes, yes. So if you just take a look at that second quarter top end of the range performance from Lower 48, as I mentioned, we had strong performance both on accelerating the wells, but also strong well performance. That's roughly split between operated and non-operated. And obviously, when you look out in the Delaware, OXY has a large component, but we have a number of other JV partners that are contributing to that as well, but OXY has a big component.
Doug Leggate: Maybe do you say there's a notable difference between the productivity and the JV and your legacy assets or no?
Nicholas Olds: We constantly, Doug, look at all benchmarking. So we receive the ballots from our non-operated positions. We evaluate that to meet our cost framework. I'd say in general, we're fairly aligned. There's always a little bit of difference in spacing and stacking and completion design, but we're roughly in line. And obviously, the positions that we have in the operated position is really in the core, less than 12 billion barrels of resource, less than 40, averaging 32. We got great legacy positions out in the Delaware.
Doug Leggate: Great. Ryan, my follow-up is probably for you. you're adding $1 billion of cash flow from Surmont. Fantastic deal for you guys. Again, congratulations on that. You've evolved the LNG portfolio even since the Analyst Day. But yet, we still have 1 of the lowest ordinary dividend yields in the sector that you can clearly cover at very, very low oil prices. So I'm just wondering if I could ask you again to share your thoughts on whether some of that increase in free cash power of the portfolio translates to a more ratable or a higher ordinary dividend, which, frankly, we think you get better recognition for.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Doug. You've been a consistent messenger on this particular point. I give you credit for your tenacity, that's for sure. Look, yes, we recognize that we're acquiring some assets to get significant free cash flow potential at $60 to $80 even at our mid-cycle price.  I guess the thing I'd say, first and foremost, Doug, is you shouldn't question ConocoPhillips' commitment to giving a significant amount of our cash flow back to our shareholders. So the last 6, 7 years, we've averaged 45% this year, depending on your outlook for prices. We're probably closer to 50%. So first and foremost, we're going to be competitive on giving a significant amount of our cash back to shareholders. And again, that's CFO, not free cash flow.  Now to your point, even at a constant price, we're going to be generating more free cash flow as we come out of the APLNG and Surmont activity. Our framework really hasn't changed. Look, what I want -- what we want on the base dividend is something that is that we said we see a lot of value being able to grow that at a top quartile rate over time, over the long term, and we intend to go do that.  We set our framework around a mid-cycle price, and you may differ or argue with our mid-cycle price, but we try to set a framework around a mid-cycle price. We want to buy some of our shares back through the cycles so we don't get caught pro-cyclically. And then we introduced that third tier VROC to address when prices are well above mid-cycle, and you'd argue $80 as well up in mid-cycle.  So I think our cash yield is competitive. I think your point is we may get more credit if we put a lot more into the base dividend. We just think that growing the base dividend in a top-tier amount annually gives us a lot of credit as well and doesn't obviously raise the fixed cost to the company. But the improvements are we can afford a bit more, but we're focused on sort of the framework that we outlined and watching pretty volatile commodity prices.  So I'd just remind people, just a month ago, WTI was back in the 60s. So we're trying to set a framework that we know works through the mid-cycle, and we set a framework that rewards the shareholders and recognizes the torque that the company has to the upside when prices are much higher. We like the 3-tiered framework. We'll look at it again. As we finish this year and go into 2024 we'll look at where our shares are trading, we'll look at where the commodity prices are at, and we'll try to set the channels appropriately. But you can count on us delivering a significant amount of our cash flow back to our shareholders as we've done over the last 6, 7 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research.
Sam Margolin: Apologies if this is a little early, but I want to ask about 2024 capital if I can and maybe focus on Willow. There should be a natural tailwind in capital because the step-up in Willow is less than the Port Arthur payment. But I just wanted to see if there's anything we should know about project life cycle at Willow that creates a different shape of spend over the development for '24.
Dominic Macklon: Thanks, Sam. It's Dominic here. So it is a bit early for us to be talking about 24%, but there hasn't really been any change since -- to the long-term framework we've had and what we talked about at AIM back in April. We showed there an expected capital range depending on how oil prices and inflation was trending. Given that WTI is back to around $80 and the forward curve is about there as we have been anticipating, frankly, we'd expect to be at the higher end of that range that we talked about back in April. So a similar capital level for next year to this year.  I think one other dimension I'll talk about is how much growth in the Lower 48, what amount of growth do we need as a company do we want. Well, that's always an outcome of a plan. We're always focused on returns, of course, returns on and of capital. But one of the things we're looking at next year is do we keep Lower 48 relatively flat, it's performing very well this year, or do we add a little bit of activity. That's one of the things we're thinking about.  In terms of the longer cycle capital, yes, LNG spend is -- will be rolling off from this year over the next few years just as Willow picks up. We expect our longer-cycle capital to average around $2 billion, pretty flat for the next few years here. So that would probably give you the pointers in terms of the general direction for next year. It's like I said, it's pretty early, but that gives you a good sense of where our heads are at on that. So...
Sam Margolin: Understood. And this is a follow-up on your point on Lower 48 and particularly sort of the phasing of your development because now with Mexico Pacific, and Port Arthur, you've got quite a bit of evacuation from North America for gas. It integrates with your marketing team and through the supply agreement, which you talked about the AIM. And I wonder if -- thinking about those projects and their impact on maybe even NPV of your -- of some of your Permian positions with respect to realizations is a factor or if these are evaluated for you totally separately.
Dominic Macklon: Yes. I mean we don't really relate those investments specifically and directly, but it's obviously all helpful in terms of demand for North American gas. So that's in our minds, certainly as we think about the overall value equation of LNG in North America.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley.
Devin McDermott: So I wanted to build on what Sam was asking about, some of the comments you made just on inflation or deflation trends. You had some benchmarks baked into the multiyear guidance at the investor meeting earlier this year. We've seen some signs of deflation in U.S. shale and some still rising costs in other pockets internationally. On a net basis across your portfolio, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the trends you're seeing here in the back half of '23 and then how that plays into the 2024 outlook to the extent you can comment.
Dominic Macklon: Yes. Thanks, Devin. Dominic again here. So obviously, something we're watching incredibly closely with everybody else in the industry. I think we are seeing some areas of deflation in the Lower 48 going in the second half. I would say, however, we still expect our overall company capital inflation to average out in the mid-single digits this year versus last year on an annual basis.  But just to talk a little bit about what we're seeing. I mean, certainly, I think as we've said before, tubulars, we've seen some significant price relief on any oil price-related commodities, fuel and chemicals and things. We've seen some material reductions in sand and proppant. Rig rates have softened a bit, and that's obviously driven by the gas basin. So you're starting to see some high-performance rigs come in and compete with the oilier basins. So that is -- we are seeing some day rates come down there. And I would say I think we are beginning to see some examples of frac spread rates coming down in some basins. So that's all looking positive.  Activity internationally and offshore is picking up. It's probably as high as it's been for many years. So we are seeing some pressure on labor rates there. So we're watching that. But overall, certainly seeing some deflation going into the second half, and that's a big part of the reason we see a lower capital run rate for the second half for the first half. That's an important part of it. And that's all reflected in our annual capital guidance that we have narrowed to $10.8 billion to $11.2 billion, $11 billion still on midpoint. So -- but certainly, we're seeing turning the corner here with inflation and moving into deflation again.
Devin McDermott: Great. And then I wanted to separately come back to the LNG strategy. One of the other opportunities that you had talked about at the investor meeting was brownfield expansion at Port Arthur. And we've seen with some other U.S. Gulf Coast projects, very compelling economics on the additional trains that can get added. Can you just talk a little bit about how you're thinking about the commercialization process there and Conoco's appetite for taking further offtake of further expansion at that facility?
William Bullock: Yes, this is Bill. We talked about this a bit at AIM. So as we think about Port Arthur LNG, we're pretty happy with the level of equity that we have right now in the project. When we took equity, that has some pretty unique reasons for taking it for the options that we secured there. And so as we look forward, it would have to make -- there have to be some pretty unique reasons why we take additional equity.  Now as we have mentioned that our agreements are structured for future phases, continue to benefit our investment in the first phase, and so we're pretty positive on that. As you know, we've got some predefined options on that. We're certainly evaluating options. But I think that you should kind of have in your mind that we're not expecting to spend additional capital there at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Royall with JPMorgan.
John Royall: Can you hear me?
Ryan Lance: Yes, we can.
John Royall: Okay. Sorry. It looks like the tax rate on your corporate segment earnings took a big step up in 2Q. So I was just hoping you could speak to the tax rate on corporate. And then I think it impacted just the overall blended rate stepped down a bit in 2Q. So just maybe a little bit of color on that as well would be helpful and just what we should expect moving forward with the tax rate.
William Bullock: Yes, this is Bill. This is really just a pretax income mix story. Our estimated annualized effective tax rate has moved down to 35% for the year. That compares to the last time I provided guidance to you all of mid- to upper 30s when we talk to sometime last year on our effective tax rates. And this reflects a shift in the mix of our forecast annual pretax income from some higher tax jurisdictions to lower tax jurisdictions. It's really largely driven by Norway, given the reduction that we've seen recently in EU gas prices relative to last year.  So obviously, these tax rate changes. They create some quarterly noise as they flow through as a noncash catch-up adjustment when they happen, and so that's why you see our second quarter tax rate was 33.6% versus first quarter of 36%. And that puts our year-to-date right at this 35% level, matching our current expectation of full year.  Now that noncash adjustment, that's going to flow through the corporate and other segment. You can see that on our supplementary disclosures. You can see it's a $20 million positive swing quarter-on-quarter in that corporate segment. Now -- so that's pretty straightforward. It's really just a mix story.  Now when you think about deferred tax, the positive tailwind that you saw on the cash flow statements quarter-on-quarter was a bit lower. That was because of the income statement adjustment I just talked about. But the bottom line is for the second half of the year, 35% annualized effective tax rate is a reasonable run rate for book tax at our current commodity prices. And the deferred tax tailwind of about $200 million for the second quarter, that's also a good run rate for the remainder of the year. Now obviously, that can move around a lot if there's some discrete items that come up. And as you know, they often do, but it's a pretty good run rate at this point in time.
John Royall: Great. That's really helpful. And then my next question is on Bakken production. You were up well over 100 kbd in 2Q. What was the driver of the strength there? And should we be thinking about Bakken as plateauing somewhere above that kind of mid- to high 90s that we used to think about? Or is there any stickiness to the strength in 2Q?
Nicholas Olds: Yes, John, this is Nick. Yes. You look at our operational performance from the rigs and frac crew that we have in Bakken, it's is just performing extremely strong. Like other assets in the portfolio, you're going to see a little bit of lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter.  And you can think of Bakken at plateau. So 100,000 barrels a day for several years is a good number. I would refer you to the AIM presentation, where we talked about Eagle Ford and Bakken essentially sustaining production for $330,000 through the decade. That will give you a good long-term view. We like the asset. It's competitive, low cost of supply, and we continue to find opportunities and looking to increase the overall inventory in that asset.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: It broke off, but I'll assume I'm the only Roger on the call. Anyway, I just wanted to come back around -- you've had some opportunities here on the investment in the acquisition front with Surmont and the deal here in Mexico. So I was just sort of curious, as you look at, let's call it, the M&A opportunity versus the organic opportunity, what how are you comparing those 2? How are the opportunities looking on those? Thinking returns, right, where to put your incremental dollar.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Right now, I think we're pretty focused on the organic side, Roger, but just because of the resource base right now and the stuff that we're executing has got pretty compelling opportunity for the company to focus most of our capital and our allocation towards our organic side of the business. But it's performing as well as it is. We're delivering the efficiencies that Nick talked about in the Lower 48 and what Andy is delivering around the rest of the world. that just looks to be compelling opportunities for the company.  But with that said, you kind of -- you hang around the hoop, and you catch these rebounds a little bit because -- we never know when our partners in some of these assets make different strategic decisions, which is clearly what our partner at APLNG has done or is doing and what's clearly what our partner at Surmont is done and is doing.  So we know these assets really well, and we've tried to -- we're consistent in the framework around cost of supply that we described to you a number of years ago of how we kind of match up inorganic opportunities with organic opportunities. And that's why we want to have the financial strength that we do with cash on the balance sheet and the ability to fund these projects when they come available. You just never know when your partner makes the kind of decisions that they have made. And we want -- when we know the assets well and we can get it for a deal that's very competitive, as you talked about, vis-a-vis Surmont and APLNG, for that matter, we're going to be all over those when those opportunities present themselves. We never quite know when they do.  But -- so we're mostly focused on the organic side of the portfolio, but we want to have the firepower and be there. And we watch everything. We pay attention to everything that's going on in the market. We know what we like, and we know what we can afford to pay more importantly. And when we can bring those 2 together, we want to be able to execute those when those opportunities present themselves. And that -- and it was really opportunistic with both APLNG and Surmont. We had partners that made strategic decisions to go in a different direction, and that was to our advantage. So we want to take advantage of that.
Roger Read: Absolutely. And then just as a follow-up question on the agreement to go the LNG route on the West Coast of Mexico. What is the situation with takeaway capacity to get there, presumably from the Permian? Just what pipelines might need to be constructed in order to make this project or bring it to fruition?
William Bullock: Yes, Roger, this is Bill. So 2 points. First up, the 2.2 million tons from Saguaro, that is an offtake agreement. It's not an equity investment. So I just think it's important to make sure that that's clear. And then for the specific question about the pipeline, I'd really direct you to the operator of Mexico Pacific for a detailed answer, but they've had several press releases out, including one in July that announced a 20-year agreement with CFE. That's the Federal Electric Commission in Mexico to supply Mexico Pacific with natural gas delivered from the Permian Basin via CFE's pipelines in Mexico. And so that's the best source of information for you on that. And of course, that takeaway from the Permian is helpful for Waha differentials and pricing overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Sorry, I cut out there for a second. I missed it. Maybe one follow-up question on the Saguaro LNG offtake, at least a broader question on offtake agreements. Is there -- you've got that offtake agreement now. You've got the 5 million tons from Port Arthur. Is there -- when you look at your interest in offtake agreements in LNG. Is there a relative size in terms of how much feels appropriate in the portfolio relative to equity gas production either on a global basis or in the U.S. relative to kind of U.S. gas versus offtake agreements? How are you thinking about -- partially which -- should we expect to see you look at additional offtake agreements? Or do you feel like you've got a pretty good balance at this point in the portfolio?
William Bullock: Yes. That's a really interesting question. So as we've laid out, we think about this as building up in kind of a latter fashion. You have to have the market placement with the LNG offtake that you secure. We feel very comfortable with where we're at in that progress even just since AIM in April. So that's why you're seeing us being pretty confident with our West Coast volumes here. But you should expect that to kind of develop as a ladder. So you don't get out ahead of your skis. We do see pretty strong demand on that.  But I think we're getting pretty close to critical mass here over time. So I think we're pretty comfortable with where we're at right now. We continue to look for capacity on the West Coast, but a lot of those things are more longer dated out in time right now.
Ryan Todd: Great. And then maybe -- and I apologize, I'm not sure if you said something on this here. I missed the first minute of the prepared comments. But any comments on what -- like the latest update on Alaska, particularly regarding outstanding legal or permitting issues that would dictate timing there at Willow?
Andrew O’Brien: This is Andy. So I'll ask on the legal front, as you recall, we had the 2 lawsuits that were challenging the federal government's approval for the project. So probably the main update since we last spoke is we're pleased that a schedule has been agreed now, and we expect to see a ruling on that in November.  As we previously communicated that given the prior rulings on this, the scope of what's being challenged is narrow. And we believe that the BOM, the cooperating agencies have conducted a third process and satisfied all the legal requirements. So we're kind of very much now looking forward for the court ruling in November as we start to plan for our 2024 winter season.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lloyd Byrne with Jefferies.
Francis Byrne: I just have a couple of quick questions on long cycle -- you talked about long cycle development and then deflation comments and whether -- maybe you could take that to Willow. The FID that would seem like peak inflation and then some important costs have come down. So wondering whether you have a cost update there. Or I guess where do you expect costs to come down? And I understand it's a 6-year project. But...
Andrew O’Brien: Lloyd, it's Andy again. So when it was a longer-term project, it is a little hard to comment on sort of deflation and inflation through 2029. But I guess it is important to frame it. Willow is not a turnkey contract. And as we are entering into individual contracts, those contracts do have terms linked to agreed indices. That can move up and down with inflation.  So probably just a couple of other things I'd mention is that we haven't seen the same kind of inflation in Alaska, as we've seen in the Lower 48 over the last couple of years. So as we said in AIM, I think in terms of the capital range, that still holds. We expect the capital range to be in the $7 billion to $7.5 billion. That really hasn't changed from the CapEx to first production.  And it's also worth emphasizing, like all of our projects, Willow has got some inflation factor into those estimates. So we understand the project really well. This kind of activity is sort of -- a lot of this is sort of typical activity we do in Alaska. And we haven't seen the same kind of inflation that we have, having the lower 48. So I think the $7 billion to $7.5 billion that we provided at AIM is still a good estimate of what our thinking is in terms of the CapEx to first production.
Francis Byrne: Okay. Great. And then let me just go back to Surmont. I know you answered a few questions on it. But it kind of fell into a lapse and whether the exercise of the rofer changes any strategic capital decisions elsewhere in the portfolio. It feels like it gives you a lot of flexibility going forward, but I was just wondering if the change is the timing on any other project. I'm thinking Montney or anything like that.
Andrew O’Brien: As you said, Surmont, one of the things that we really like about Surmont, it's a low capital intensity asset. So it really doesn't change that much in terms of allocating capital to other projects. It's just providing us a lot more cash flow. So I think the plan we outlined at AIM, it doesn't really change how we consider the other projects, and we have the benefit of another long cycle asset with low capital intensity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alastair Syme with Citi.
Alastair Syme: I wonder -- sorry, back on LNG again. I just wonder if you could talk about the 3 opportunities you've taken on over the last 12, 18 months about how they compare on a cost of supply basis once you put together costs in fiscal, how it all comes together.
William Bullock: If you look...
Ryan Lance: Go ahead, Bill.
William Bullock: Yes, sure. So if you look at the projects, we picked up. So in Qatar, those are really nice projects that we've pursued for a long period of time. Those compete very well on our cost of supply. We're quite happy with those.  Port Arthur, we've talked about it pretty extensively. We've talked about how Port Arthur on an integrated basis that we'd expect low to mid-teens returns overall but with really steady cash flow and low-risk returns on that equity component. And then Saguaro is not an equity investment.
Alastair Syme: Although there's still an inherent cost of supply associated with it in terms of how you're thinking about the market position?
William Bullock: Yes, sure. So that comes down to what your cost to supply into your portfolio. We think that Saguaro is quite competitive because it's on the West Coast, particularly when you compare that to Gulf Coast LNG because you're on the other side of the Panama Canal. And so it's a quite competitive supply location for deliveries, particularly into Asia and fits very nice in terms of if you think of an acquisition cost for LNG. It's very competitive.
Ryan Lance: And I would add, Alastair, for the -- yes, we look at the liquefaction fee and our reason for choosing Port Arthur and obviously, NPL is what we believe is a very, very competitive liquefaction fee and avoiding some of the costs through the Panama Canal, then places it at a premium to Asian buyers.
Alastair Syme: Okay. And my follow-up, probably to Dominic, I think you hinted at a question on 2024 CapEx that you're sort of evaluating Lower 48 activity levels. And I was just sort of wondering what is sitting behind that. Is it something about tanking of the deflation you're seeing? Or is it related to what you're seeing on well productivity?
Dominic Macklon: Yes, Alastair. I mean it's really looking at the performance of Lower 48 this year, I mean, it's doing very well. We've got a very efficient machine running as we think about returns, we think about the growth that we are likely to see from the Lower 48 even at relatively flat levels. We will see growth, we anticipate even at maintaining flat activity levels.  So we're just looking overall and saying -- looking at the macro and so on and just saying how much growth do we think is appropriate. So that's just something that we're considering. We haven't made any decisions on that yet. But yes, it's just a case of fine-tuning that as we think about 2024. So...
Operator: This question comes from the line of Josh Silverstein with UBS.
Joshua Silverstein: So in Mexico as well, you guys have the option and offtake in, I think, potential equity agreement at Costa Azul as well. What are the key differences between the 2 projects and why the first one with Mexico Pacific versus the cost do project?
William Bullock: Yes. I think the key difference is a timing issue right now, the Mexico Pacific is available right now. It's getting ready to take FID. It's in a good location with a very competitive tariff. And as we're marketing today, that would be accretive and in the money based on the tariff rates that we're looking at. So we do have options for ECA, Energias Costa Azul, on the West Coast through our interest in Port Arthur Phase 1. But that's more longer dated. That project is not yet ready to consider taking FID, and there's a bit of time to go on it. It's a timing issue when they start up, or we think it's an option for West Coast.
Joshua Silverstein: Got it. And then as you guys are putting together your portfolio, are you trying to optimize the exposure you have to both the Atlantic and Pacific basins? And maybe discuss some of like the key differences you see or risks you see between both sides.
William Bullock: Yes. So certainly, as we put the portfolio together, we're looking at a diversified portfolio of offtake. We are actively developing pro-acement into Europe. We're developing long-term deliberate opportunities into Asia, and we're considering some sales FOB at the facilities that are in the money right now. We also are thinking about these in a time horizon basis with a mix of shorter- and longer-term dates as a portfolio. And we'll be using our commercial organization to optimize across that value chain. So yes, we are looking at actively building out both European and Asian market and doing that through a variety of formats and time horizons.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2023 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Michelle, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions].  I will now turn the call over to Phil Gresh, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Gresh: Thank you, Michelle, and welcome to everyone to our first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On the call today are several members of the ConocoPhillips leadership team, including Ryan Lance, Chairman and CEO; Bill Bullock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dominic Macklon, Executive Vice President of Strategy, Sustainability and Technology; Nick Olds, Executive President of Lower 48; Andy O'Brien, Senior Vice President of Global Operations; and Tim Leach, advisor to the CEO. Ryan and Bill will kick off the call with opening remarks, after which the team will be available for your questions.  A few quick reminders. First, along with today's release, we published supplemental financial materials and a slide presentation, which you can find on the Investor Relations website; second, during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results may differ due to factors noted in today's release and in our periodic SEC filings.  Finally, we will make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in today's release and on our website.  With that, I will turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance : Thanks, Phil, and thank you to everyone for joining our first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Since we just hosted our Analyst Day and Investor Meeting in New York a few weeks ago, we are going to keep our prepared remarks fairly brief today. ConocoPhillips delivered a strong first quarter result, setting a new production record for the company as well as in the Lower 48.  Underlying production growth was 4% year-on-year, including 8% year-on-year growth in the Lower 48. We are confident in our outlook for the rest of the year, and we are increasing the midpoint of our full year production guidance. We're keeping our full year capital and operating guidance unchanged.  Shifting to returns on announced capital, we continue to demonstrate our returns-focused value proposition in the first quarter. Our return on capital employed once again exceeded our goal of being top quartile in the S&P 500. And as we highlighted at the recent Analyst and Investor Meeting, we remain confident in our ability to achieve this objective in a mid-cycle price environment over the course of our 10-year plan. On return of capital, we are on track to deliver on our planned $11 billion for 2023, which represents greater than 50% of our projected CFO and is highly competitive with peers. And we are able to achieve all of this while investing in our attractive mid- and long-term opportunities.  Our first quarter was also quite busy from a strategic perspective. At Port Arthur LNG, we acquired a 30% equity interest in the joint venture upon final investment decision on Phase 1. At Willow, we are pleased to receive a positive record of decision and began road construction. And at APLNG, we announced plans to become upstream operator following the closing of EIG's transaction with Origin and to purchase up to an additional 2.49% in the project. We also accelerated our 2030 greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction target to 50% to 60% versus a 2016 baseline as we further advance our net zero operational emissions ambition.  I know everyone has the question on Surmont, so let me address that right now. We acknowledge that we received our right of first refusal notice, and we're certainly reviewing it carefully. Now in conclusion, as we shared at our Analyst and Investor Meeting last month, our deep, durable and diversified asset base is well positioned to generate solid returns in cash flow for decades to come. And as I said then, we challenge any other E&P company to show you a plan with this kind of duration.  Now let me turn the call over to Bill to cover our first quarter performance in more detail.
William Bullock : Well, thanks, Ryan. In the first quarter of 2023, we generated $2.38 per share in adjusted earnings. First quarter production was a record for the company at 1,792,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, driven by solid execution across the entire portfolio. The Eagle Ford stabilized our expansion and QatarGas 3 planned turnarounds were both successfully completed. And Lower 48 production was also a record, averaging 1,036,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day, including 694,000 from the Permian; 227,000 from the Eagle Ford; 98,000 from the Bakken. And Lower 48's underlying production grew 8% year-on-year with new wells online and strong well performance relative to our expectations across our asset base.  Now moving to cash flows. First quarter CFO was $5.7 billion, excluding working capital at an average WTI price of $76 per barrel. This included APLNG distributions of $764 million. Now first quarter capital expenditures were $2.9 billion, including $400 million for Port Arthur Phase 1 and $100 million in Lower 48 acquisitions. Regarding Port Arthur, as you will recall from our fourth quarter call, we said we plan to spend about $1.1 billion in 2023. So first quarter spending was very front-end loaded relative to the full year. In the first quarter, we also received $200 million in disposition proceeds. And regarding capital allocation, we returned $3.2 billion back to shareholders. And this was via $1.7 billion in share buybacks and $1.5 billion in ordinary dividends and VROC payments. Turning to guidance. We forecast second quarter production to be in a range of 1.77 million to 1.81 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. This includes 10,000 to 15,000 of planned seasonal turnarounds. We have also increased the midpoint of our full year production guidance by 10,000 barrels a day. Our new range is 1.78 million to 1.8 million barrels of oil equivalent, up from 1.7 million to 1.8 million previously. For APLNG, we expect distributions of 350 million to 400 million in the second quarter. And for the full year, we expect APLNG distributions of 1.8 billion. All other guided items remain unchanged.  So to wrap up, we had a strong first quarter. We remain confident in our outlook, leading to our increase in full year production guidance. And we expect to return $11 billion to our shareholders this year. And we're well positioned to deliver on our commitments throughout this year.  So that concludes our prepared remarks. And now I'll turn the call back over to Phil.
Phil Gresh : Great. Thanks, Bill. So before we move to Q&A, just a quick reminder here that we are sticking to one question per caller this quarter, since we just hosted the Analyst Day a few weeks ago, and it’s obviously quite a busy earnings day for everybody. So with that, Michelle, let's move to the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Stephen Richardson with Evercore.
Stephen Richardson : Ryan, I was wondering if you could talk, I mean, on the return of capital, obviously, outperforming 50% of cash flow from ops and setting up really strongly versus the $11 billion target. Just wondering if you could address -- the environment is not straightforward. There's a lot of volatility out there. And just from a shareholders' perspective, how do you think about balancing VROC buyback and just the general flexibility as people consider kind of the volatility in the commodity environment?
Ryan Lance : Yes. Thanks, Stephen. I think let me just start by recognizing the volatility that's currently in the market. But even with that, as we look at the first quarter average, prices were in the mid-70s WTI, quarter-to-date in the second quarter in the high 70s. So that's close enough to our planning framework that we set out early in the year that close enough to 80 and delivering the $22 billion in cash for the year. So we're not going to overreact to kind of what we're seeing in the volatility right now. So we're on track, and hopefully, you see that with the VROC that we set for the third quarter, on track to deliver the $11 billion distributions that we set out at the beginning of the year. We're comfortable with that. We have the balance sheet to support it if prices turn out a little bit lower as well. So it would take a structural change, and we certainly don't view this volatility we're seeing right now as a structural change in the marketplace.  In terms of the mix and the balance, we said we'd do about 50% shares. We leaned in a little bit in the first quarter on the shares. But through the year, we expect to be about 50-50 between our VROC and the shares to deliver the $11 billion of returns back to the shareholder. Hopefully, you see that with the third quarter setting of the VROC at $0.60 a share. That should give you for comfort that we're on to deliver that.
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta : Yes. Thank you so much and congrats on a really good Lower 48 quarter in particular. Ryan, I think you sort of cut -- headed this question off, but I'd love you to comment to the extent you can on Surmont, recognizing it's an active situation. And as you think about that asset, first of all, it seems from the Analyst Day that it is a core position for you guys. And just any thoughts on whether it makes sense to be a bigger part of the portfolio to the extent you can comment at all?
Ryan Lance : Yes, Neil, thanks. No, I can let Andy maybe make a few comments about the assets, which would be kind of reiterating what we said at the Analyst Meeting. But yes, we're in receipt of the notice on the transaction between Total and Suncor. We have a right on the Surmont asset, which we know really well because we own 50% and operate it. So we're in the process of taking a pretty serious look at that. I can maybe have Andy reiterate some of our thoughts about the asset that we described in the Analyst Meeting.
Andy O’Brien : Good morning, Neil. Yes, as we said in the Analyst Meeting, we do like Surmont as the nice sort of long life, low capital intensity asset for us. As we covered in the Analyst Meeting, that low capital intensity is an important part of our portfolio. And just to sort of reiterate that, sort of the maintenance capital on Surmont -- I'm referring now to our 50% share of Surmont, has been in the $20 million to $30 million a year range for the last four, five years. And you'll recall, I mentioned that we're drilling our first new pad since 2016. Now that pad, for example, will be in the $40 million to $50 million. So it's a very low capital intensity asset for us with that sort of basically flat production profile. And as you know, sort of -- pretty much all of our other driver information we disclose in terms of our production data, our bitumen realizations, our operating costs, that's all out there. So you can form your own view on the asset, but it's an asset that is a core asset in our portfolio. I'll probably just stop there.
Operator: The next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read : I guess I'd like to follow up on Port Arthur LNG. Obviously, the Phase 1 was covered. There's always a possibility of greater expansion in LNG. Just what would be the things we would watch coming up in terms of the second phase?
William Bullock : Yes. Sure, Roger. This is Bill. As we talked about at the Analyst Investor Meeting, we're currently really satisfied with 30% for Phase 1 and our 5 million ton equity offtake and we're prioritizing market development over any additional offtake in equity right now. We really think we've got sufficient capital allocation to Port Arthur, and we're looking for ways to optimize our current investment. So our plate's pretty full, and we don't need -- see need to allocate significant additional capital in the near term. And so there need to be some pretty unique reasons to make it attractive.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Kalei Akamine: This is actually Kalei on for Doug. My question is a follow-up on Surmont. So our understanding is that Suncor could receive certain tax benefits as part of their deal. And I'm wondering if those tax benefits would be available to you if you exercise your right of first refusal? And I'm asking the question because I think yours would look more like an asset deal, while there's is more of a corporate deal.
Ryan Lance : Well, as we said, Kalei, that we're currently reviewing the proposal that we got and the terms and the conditions. So it's a bit early to comment on tax pools.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research.
Sam Margolin : The capital efficiency looks like it's going in the right direction with the production guidance and the capital plan in line. At the Analyst Day, you made some comments where you thought it was at least possible that you could start to see inflation ease if not reverse. And the question is just as you think about this production results, is that an outcome of maybe an opportunity to press activity a little bit as costs are easing? Or is this -- is it more of a well results-driven outcome?
Dominic Macklon : It's Dominic here. Just to talk to inflation a little bit first. I think overall, our capital inflation for the company, we still expect to be in the mid-single digits year-over-year. So we certainly see that all leveling off. As you mentioned before, we've probably seen deflationary trends in steel tubulars, oil price-related commodities such as fuel and chemicals, beyond that on the rig and other services. They've certainly leveled off. We may be trending towards some reductions. We have seen rig counts peak and begin to decline. That's led by the gas basins. So our teams are very focused on costs, and they're working with our many service providers on that, but we still expect around the mid-single digits at this stage on inflation. Having said that, we certainly see capital efficiency coming through. I think that's really on an execution front. So we've had a strong start, particularly in the Lower 48. Our full year production guidance, as we've said, is up at the midpoint. We do expect low to mid-single digits growth for the year, and that's pretty consistent with the long-term 4% to 5% CAGR we presented at our Investor Meeting. We're holding our capital range the same with $11 billion at the midpoint. So we're definitely seeing some execution efficiency. We're pleased about that. Nick, you may want to talk a little bit more about the Lower 48 on that so.
Nicholas Olds : All right. Thanks, Dom. Yes, Sam, just to take you back to the analyst call when we talked about drilling and completions efficiency. If you recall, we had from 2019 to 2022, we had a 50% improvement in drilling, 60% improvement in completion at stages per day. We continue to see that in Q1, very promising results, and that's the use of technology like simul-frac, e-frac. We're testing out some remote frac as well where we keep a frac spread on pad 1 and then we frac pad 2, pad 3, pad 4. So very promising results there. as well on the drilling front, we continue to use data analytics and rig automation, but all that's coming together, so really promising. That did lead to some accelerated places on production of wells in Q1 driving some of the over-performance.
Operator: The next question comes from John Royall with JPMorgan.
John Royall : So my question is just on Willow. Are there any updates there to how the lawsuits are progressing? And are you any closer to a resolution there and getting to FID then when we last saw you a few weeks ago with the [AIM]?
Andy O’Brien : Hi, John, this is Andy. Yes, there's really not too much new to comment on over the last few weeks. So the only incremental news we've had has all been positive. The 9th Circle Court of Appeals denied motions attempting to stop our construction work. So we've been progressing with the winter season, and we've had gravel extraction and road construction underway. It's pretty much going as we expected it would in the last two, three weeks. Not much more to add than we talked about at the Analyst and Investor Day.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd : Ryan, and -- maybe one for you, following up on the Analyst Day. But what impact iof any does -- you increased your view of the mid-cycle oil price from 50% to 60%. What impact, if any, does that have on the way in which you think about the business? I mean you're still focused on low cost of supply assets well below this price. Does the view that oil prices would be structurally higher over time have any impact on the way you think about managing the business over the long term, your balance sheet, allocation of capital or anything else?
Ryan Lance : No. Thanks, Ryan. In terms of how we're running the company day to day and the allocation of capital that we put in each year, it really doesn't -- we're only investing in things that have a cost of supply less than $40 WTI in the portfolio. So what a mid-cycle price change, our Chief Economist Office, our commercial team, we go through a process every year where we take a current view of the macro and have a long-range view of what we think is happening. And as we've gone through a lot of turmoil in the business, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, just the lack of investment going into the business these days. we stepped back and did our own bottoms up, which we do every year, but important this year, we did our own bottoms-up work to try to understand where we think the mid-cycle price is moving to and was is to staying at kind of that $50 level. Our assessment of the price required to generate that incremental barrel to meet that incremental demand, our assessment put it at around $60 today. And so that -- so the implications of that are really just how much cash flow we think we're going to be generating as we interrogate the portfolio, as we invest in the growth and development of the company, and we put capital into the company the way it manifests itself is just how much floor we can deliver at that kind of mid-cycle price, which is obviously a little bit more than what we would deliver at the lower price. So it goes to sort of how we think about cash in the balance sheet, how we think about the debt that we're carrying, how we think about distributions and how much capacity there is to distribute a bunch of our cash, which our commitment is about 30%. And when we get above mid-cycle price in our case like we are today, obviously, we're generating a lot more cash, and we're returning a lot more cash to the shareholder, now something in excess of 50% today. But that's driven by the reinvestment rate that we have in the company our commitment to only invest in the lowest cost supply things we have in the portfolio.
Operator: The next question comes from Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley.
Devin McDermott : So I wanted to go back to the Lower 48. It was helpful detail before on some of the efficiencies that you're seeing there. I think one of the other drivers of the strength in production that you called out in the prepared remarks was well performance beating your expectations. Can you talk a little bit more explicitly about what you're seeing there and if there's any development changes that you've made driving that uplift?
Nicholas Olds : Yes. Devin, this is Nick. You're right. Strong well performance was definitely a contributing factor for Q1. If I take you back to the Q4 call, I had mentioned that our well performance was meeting or exceeding-type curve expectations, and we continue to see that trend in Q1. So that's very encouraging. No overall development changes. We're just seeing very promising results across all assets. It is just not the Permian as well. And as I mentioned earlier, the completion and drilling efficiency has allowed us to accelerate some wells earlier into Q1, and so we're seeing that production come into play. And then on the Eagle Ford stabilization plant that we've updated, the team just did a remarkable job in sheltering the amount of downtime in Q1. So we had less DT. But overall, a very strong quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Silverstein with UBS.
Josh Silverstein : Just some questions around potential LNG opportunities in the future. You mentioned at the Analyst Day that you have options around Port Arthur Phase 2, 3 and 4 and even at Costa Azul as well. Can you just give us some more details around the options? Does it need to be at the 30% like you did in Phase 1 of Port Arthur? Or could it be 10% or some other agreement there? Could it be before or after FID as well? And then just along the same lines. Because there will already be some infrastructure in the ground for Phase 1, will the capital outlay for Phase 2 or 3 be less because of that?
William Bullock : Yes. So I think we laid this out pretty well at our analyst meeting. So for Port Arthur, we've got options on both equity and offtake for future phases. Those can be executed either for equity, offtake or both as they present themselves through time. We also have some options on the West Coast of Mexico at Energy Costa Azul on Phase 2. And so those are long-dated options that we continue to look at. I talked a bit about Phase 2 earlier in the call. And so there need to be some pretty unique opportunities on that as we think about that right now. Now as we think about future phases we have structured our investment in Phase 1, such that we benefit from the economies of scale for future phases on our Phase 1 investment. So future phases actually benefit Phase 1.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng : Maybe this is for, Nick. Nick in the Investors Day, I thought luckily you were talking about 2023, the shale oil production of around 1 million barrels per day. And in the first quarter, you're already there. Does that means that for the rest of the year that the Lower 48 shale oil and Montney together will be pretty stretched? Or that, that number is somewhat conservative now?
Nicholas Olds : Yes, Paul, this is Nick. You're right. I mean, we had a very strong performance in Q1, as we just described. As you look at the future quarters of this year, we've got some larger pad projects, longer horizontal wells. And kind of put that in context, we've got 80% of our 2023 Permian wells are 2 miles or greater as we've got a fairly large portion that are of the 3 miles. But you're going to see kind of small variations. But overall, that's going to be relatively flat. But I'll leave you with this Paul, our plan will deliver at least mid-single digits for Lower 48.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold : I just wonder if you could provide some updated commentary if you have any on Venezuela. About a month ago, there was some talks about kind of easing oil sanctions there. And you all have a potential big asset or at least valued that at one point in time, were looking to extract. Is there any update on that? Or is there any kind of color you can talk about like the progress and remind us of the value there?
Ryan Lance : Yes, Scott, yes, we're right in the middle of all those conversations, as you might imagine, including the most recent conversations around the Citgo refining assets. We're in the queue. We're in the -- right in the middle of anything that would happen there. We have -- as a reminder, an ICC judgment of $2 billion. We've collected about $700 million on that judgment to date. So we have an outstanding -- what they owe us on that particular judgment. We're in an appeal process with ICSID which is the other tribunal, and that's an $8 billion potential award coming. Now there's some overlap between the two, so you can't necessarily add the two together. But I guess the point is there was a lot of money. And we're hard at trying to get some resolution of that. And the recent news out of the judge and the U.S. government around Citgo is certainly helpful in that regard. It looks like despite the sanctions that are on the Venezuelans and on U.S. companies for doing work in Venezuela, there's a little bit of -- some light developing at the end of that tunnel, and we're right in the middle of it all.
Operator: The next question comes from Alastair Syme with Citi.
Alastair Syme : In your remarks, beginning on the Lower 48, you mentioned about infrastructure build. And I was really just interested to try and understand across the Lower 48, but I guess, especially in the Permian, what's the sort of ratio of capital that's going into infrastructure versus drilling? I guess, it changes over the life of the assets. So I'm just kind of intrigued what's the point of asset like are we in terms of that ratio?
Ryan Lance : Yes. I'm not sure the exact ratio. Maybe Nick might have some numbers, but I think most of what we're doing is large pad development with not single well facilities, but central facilities supporting those large pads. I don't know what the split between drilling and infrastructure spend is. I can let Nick have a comment, but I don't think it's much different than what we've been doing for the past few years.
Nicholas Olds : Yes, Alastair, it's very limited as far as on the infrastructure spend, most of your expenditures is on drilling and completions in the Permian as an example.
Operator: The next question comes from Raphael DuBois with Societe Generale.
Raphael DuBois : I just have one question about the working capital deterioration in 1Q. I was wondering if you could tell us how much of it is due to some Norwegian cash tax catch-up? And what is it to expect for the rest of the year?
William Bullock : Yes, sure. Happy to talk about working capital. So if you look at working capital for Q1, you can see that in the supplementary documents we put out on our website, Q1 was about a $100 million use of working capital. For Q2, we'd expect that to be just over $1 billion. And as you rightly noted, that's associated with Norwegian tax payments, which is normal for operators in Norway. We accrued those in 2022. They're payable in the second quarter of 2023. And then looking for the rest of the year, assuming we don't see FX rates move materially for the remainder of the year, we'd expect -- we wouldn't really expect any material working capital movements across Q3 or Q4. So I hope that helps for kind of full year view.
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann : My question is on shareholder return plan specifically. What do you all view sort of in broad terms as an optimal quarterly payout given, I guess, now how even more volatile the commodity market continues to be and looking at your most recent, I guess, the payout was a bit over 100%?
Ryan Lance : Yes. Well, I think, Neal, you have to kind of go back to how we set the VROC in the first quarter. That was actually set in the third quarter of last year in a $100 price environment. So we probably had a ratable -- a little bit higher distribution in the quarter and then it gets more ratable as we go through second, third and fourth quarter as we deliver the $11 billion that we've targeted for this year. And that's evidenced by how we set the VROC for the third quarter at $0.60 a share.
Operator: Our last question comes from Leo Mariani with ROTH MKM.
Leo Mariani : Obviously, strong results out of COP today, you enumerated a couple of reasons. The first quarter production beat. It sounds like some wells came on early, and well results continue to be very strong. But just wanted to dive in a little bit on the maintenance side. I know you guys kind of talked about 35,000 BOE per day of maintenance in the quarter that actually come to fruition. Maybe that number was a bit different. And then can you talk about maintenance rest of the year, you had 10,000 to 15,000 expected in 2Q, but any expectations for 3Q or 4Q?
Dominic Macklon : Yes. Thanks. It's Dominic here. So you're right. We did anticipate about 35,000 barrels a day of turnaround and maintenance impact in the first quarter. That actually came in at 25,000, so 10,000 lower. That was partly because of the efficiency that Nick talked about at the Lower 48. The Eagle Ford Sugarloaf stabilized expansion went really well, and the team did a great job sheltering some of that. Then there was a little bit of timing there around Qatar turnarounds as well. So we had 25,000 barrels a day impact in the first quarter. We still expect a full year average impact from our turnarounds of about 15,000 barrels a day equivalent. Bill said, second quarter, I think, as he mentioned, we expect to be 10,000 to 15,000. And there will also be some standard sort of seasonal downtime in the second and third quarter we typically see in Norway and Alaska and APLNG. But all of that's reflected in our new guidance, 1.78 million to 1.8 million barrels a day for the full year.
Phil Gresh: Thank you, everyone, for being here today. We appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-02 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q4 2022 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Michelle and I will be your operator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Phil Gresh, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Gresh: Yes. Thank you, operator and welcome to everyone joining us for our fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. On the call today are several members of the ConocoPhillips’ leadership team, including Ryan Lance, Chairman and CEO; Bill Bullock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dominic Macklon, Executive Vice President of Strategy, Sustainability and Technology; Nick Olds, Executive Vice President of Lower 48; Andy O’Brien, Senior Vice President of Global Operations; and Tim Leach, advisor to the CEO. Ryan and Bill will kick off the call with opening remarks, after which the team will be available for your questions. A few quick reminders. First, along with today’s release, we published supplemental financial materials and a presentation which you can find on our Investor Relations website. Second, during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results may differ due to factors noted in today’s release and in our periodic SEC filings. Finally, to make – we will make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in today’s release and on our website. With that, I will turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Phil and thank you to everyone for joining our fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. As we sit here today, there are a number of cross currents in the global economy. While the energy sector is not immune to potential macro headwinds, our fundamental outlook remains constructive. On the demand side, we think that growth will continue in 2023 aided by normalization in China mobility following the loosening of COVID restrictions. On the supply side, we believe the continued producer discipline and the expected impacts of Russian oil and product sanctions are likely to keep balances tight. So while commodity prices are currently not as high as they averaged in 2022, we see duration to this up-cycle. Now stepping back, we remain steadfast in our view that a successful energy transition must meet society’s fundamental need for secure, reliable and affordable energy while also progressing toward a lower carbon future. While we all recognize the challenges that global energy policymakers face to achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement, it is clear that doing so requires an all-the-above approach. This can be done by enacting policies that encourage the development of lower emission energy sources and oil and gas resources. These policies should include efforts aimed at fiscal stability, streamlining of the permitting process, increased transparency on timelines and supporting critical infrastructure. These are not just necessary for the oil and gas industry, but also for nuclear, hydrogen and renewables, all of which will be necessary to deliver on the energy transition. At the end of the day, it’s critical for our administration to remember that North American energy production is stabilizing for us for both global energy security and meeting energy transition demand. Meeting that demand will require investments in medium and long-cycle projects in addition to short-cycle U.S. shale. This is why you see ConocoPhillips leaning a bit further across our deep and diversified portfolio in 2023, whether it’s the Lower 48, where we achieved record production in 2022 or our diversified global portfolio, ConocoPhillips is well positioned to meet the world’s long-term energy needs while also reducing our own emissions footprint. Shifting to our 2022 performance, ConocoPhillips showed continuous strong execution across our triple mandate. We generated a trailing 12-month return on capital employed of 27%, the highest since the spin. We delivered on our plan to return $15 billion of capital to our shareholders, which represented 53% of our CFO, well in excess of our greater than 30% annual through-the-cycle commitment and we further advanced our net zero operational emissions ambition with a new medium-term methane intensity target consistent with our recent commitment to joining OGMP 2.0. Now looking ahead, ConocoPhillips is well positioned to further deliver on our triple mandate in 2023 with a well-balanced capital allocation strategy. This morning, we announced a plan to return $11 billion of capital to shareholders, which represents about 50% of our forecasted CFO at $80 WTI. The other half of our cash flow will be dedicated to reinvesting in the business. From a portfolio perspective, our deep and well-diversified asset base is well-positioned to generate solid cash flow growth for decades to come. This is further evidenced by our organic reserve replacement ratio of 177% in 2022. We are also enthusiastic about our new LNG opportunities we are participating in, in Qatar and the United States, which are highly complementary to our existing LNG business. And we look forward to providing you a comprehensive update about our long-term strategy and our financial outlook at our upcoming Analyst and Investor Meeting on April 12 at the New York Stock Exchange. Now, let me turn the call over to Bill to cover our fourth quarter performance and 2023 guidance in a bit more detail.
Bill Bullock: Thanks, Ryan. Starting with fourth quarter results, we generated $2.71 in adjusted earnings per share. Fourth quarter production was 1,758,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which included a 27,000 barrel a day negative impact from weather in the Lower 48. Lower 48 production averaged 997,000, including 671,000 from the Permian, 214,000 from the Eagle Ford, and 96,000 from the Bakken. Moving to cash flow. Fourth quarter CFO was $6.5 billion, excluding working capital at an average WTI price of $83 per barrel. APLNG distributions were $639 million and fourth quarter capital expenditures were $2.5 billion, including $2.1 billion of base capital and $300 million for acquisitions and North Field East payments. On capital allocation, we returned $5.1 billion to shareholders through ordinary dividends, VROC payments and share buybacks, while also reducing gross debt by $400 million. Full year CFO was $28.5 billion, excluding working capital at an average WTI price of $94 per barrel in 2022. Full year APLNG distributions were $2.2 billion and full year total CapEx was $10.2 billion with base CapEx achieving our guidance of $8.1 billion and $2.1 billion of acquisitions in North Field East payments. Full year return of capital was $15 billion, while $3.4 billion went to debt reduction with cash and short-term investments ending the year at $9.5 billion. Turning to 2023 guidance, we forecast full year production will be in a range of 1.76 million to 1.8 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, which represents 1% to 4% of organic growth. Our first quarter production guidance range is 1.72 million to 1.76 million, which includes $35,000 of planned maintenance, primarily in Qatar and the Lower 48. Our full year planned maintenance is expected to be similar to 2022. On capital spending, we expect a range of $10.7 billion to $11.3 billion, which I will discuss in more detail in a moment. We expect operating costs of $8.2 billion, DD&A of $8.1 billion, and corporate segment net loss of $900 million. For 2023 cash flow, we forecast $22 billion in CFO at $80 barrel WTI, $85 Brent and $325 Henry Hub at current strip prices for regional differentials. Included in our cash flow forecast is $1.9 billion in APLNG distributions with $600 million expected in the first quarter. Now regarding CapEx, we provide a waterfall in our prepared materials bridging 2022 actual spending to 2023 guidance. Starting with base capital spending, we forecast an increase from $8.1 billion in 2022 to a range of $9.1 billion to $9.3 billion in 2023. The remaining $1.6 billion to $2.0 billion is allocated to longer term projects. Of this amount, $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion is for LNG projects, which includes Port Arthur, North Field East and North Field South. For Port Arthur specifically, after factoring in expected project financing, we forecast that ConocoPhillips net investment will be just under $2 billion over the 5-year investment period. However, more than half of this capital investment will be in 2023. For Willow, we are guiding to $100 million to $400 million of incremental spending with the higher end of this range, assuming that the project is sanctioned this year. In summary, we are happy with our strong 2022 results, which would not be possible without the hard work and dedication of our talented workforce. And we are well positioned to balance investing in our deep and diversified portfolio this year while also continuing to return capital to our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to Phil.
Phil Gresh: Great. Thanks, Bill. As a reminder, just before we go to the Q&A, we ask that you please keep it to one question and a follow-up. With that, Michelle, we are ready to turn over to you for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Neil Mehta: Yes, good morning team and thanks for taking the time. Our first question is around Willow and recognize there is still some gating factors to getting it towards FID, but it seems to be moving in the right direction. So just talk about how you are thinking about that project, what remains outstanding to get it to FID? And then any thoughts on costs as well, the latest number we have is $8 billion all-in. Is that still good to go by or how should we think about that?
Andy O’Brien: Hey, Neil, this is Andy. Yes, there has been a lot of moving parts on Willow since the last earnings call. So let me just step through where we are in the overall approval process and then I can clear where we are with CapEx and scope. So with the approval process, I think most people saw that the final supplemental environmental impact statement was released by the Biden administration earlier this week. Now that should be published in the federal register in the next day or so and then that starts the required 30-day clock before the ROD can be issued. Now given the Biden administration’s commitment to the Alaska congressional delegation, we then expect to receive that ROD in the first week of March. Once the ROD has been issued, our focus for 2023 will be to immediately initiate gravel road construction, ramp up fabrication and supply chain activities. Now we are going to need to take a look at the ROD in some detail, but assuming it’s consistent with the BLM’s 3-pad preferred alternative and there are no new unworkable restrictions added, we would then proceed to final investment decision. So switching to CapEx, 2023 is very dependent on the ROD timing. And as Bill mentioned, we have given a range. So with the ROD timing, any resolutions of outstanding issues, what we are guiding is about $100 million to $400 million of incremental spend in 2023. In terms of the total project costs, we have recently gone out to market to update our cost estimates and we have seen some inflationary pressures. We have also refined the scope, including an update to accommodate the BLM’s 3-pad preferred alternative. So we are in the process of finalizing our cost estimates, but we would anticipate the AFE to first production to be in the $7 billion to $7.5 billion range. Of the increase versus the update we provided in 2021, it’s been about 50-50 between inflation and scope refinement. So hope that gives you a pretty good update on where we are with Willow. And then at our April Investor Day, we will be happy go into some more details.
Neil Mehta: And that 7.5%, Andy, compares to the 6% before it sounds like, it would be the apples-to-apples. And then...
Andy O’Brien: That’s correct. That’s an apples.
Neil Mehta: Okay, that’s great. And then the follow-up is just around return of capital. Last year was an outstanding year, 53% back to shareholders and of the cash flow and the guidance this year, $11 billion also implies a very strong return of capital number. I know we often anchored to the 30% or greater than 30%, but is the message we should be interpreting that there is a new normal here around return of capital and the bar has been reset higher?
Ryan Lance: No, we are not trying to message that. What I remind people is the 30% commitment that we have is through the cycle commitment. We have also signaled to – or we have also told to shareholders that when prices are above our mid-cycle price, you should expect higher distributions for the company and that’s consistent with what we have done over the last number of years. So as we look today, where the strip is trading, where the regional differentials are at, we have kind of picked $11 billion at an $80 price deck. So that’s how we are going into the year. It represents about 50% of our cash flow. But again, that $80 is well above our mid-cycle price in our commitments tied to – through the cycle kind of mid-cycle price call. And it just represents that we are constructive with the environment that we see today and we expect the prices to be above our mid-cycle price call, which should inform that the distributions would be above that 30% as well.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Ryan.
Phil Gresh: Great. Thanks, Neil. Next question?
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: Well, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Happy New Year guys. So Bill, I think I didn’t actually get to write down the numbers quickly enough. Could you just go through again the expected cadence of the three LNG projects? Full disclosure, I think we had expected a slower pace on Sempra or in Port Arthur, I guess. So can you just walk us through what you – how you expect that cadence to look please? That would be really helpful. And I’ve got a follow-up, please.
Bill Bullock: Yes. Sure, Doug. I am happy to. So let me just kind of start with a bit of a high level view we currently bridge from 2022 to ‘23 in our documents for today. And I’ll just – I’ll start with kind of our exit rate. So if you look at our fourth quarter base capital spend, that would annualize out to about $8.9 billion with a low single-digit inflation rate versus ‘22 exit rate. And we have got some phasing in Norway and the additional incremental emissions reduction that gets you to about 9.2, which is midpoint of our guidance. And then really, the incremental spend is on LNG projects in Willow and that gets us to $11 billion midpoint of the guidance range. And I think that the primary issue here on cadence is likely the front-end nature of Port Arthur LNG spend, which really the market had no way of knowing. So as you’ll recall, Sempra has communicated a Phase 1 gross cost of $10.5 billion for the EPC, on top of which there is going to be owners costs and other miscellaneous costs to bring the project online. And Doug, the project currently lining up debt financing for a portion of the spend, so you roll that all together, we would expect our 30% share of the net equity capital to be just under $2 billion over the 5-year investment period. But the front-end nature of equity component is going to result in over half of that $2 billion occurring in 2023. That’s what we’ve included in our 2023 capital guidance. Now the project is still waiting on FID, but we do expect that in the first quarter, and we will be talking to you more about this in April. But if you’ve been modeling a more ratable spend over 5 years for Port Arthur that would be about $400 million in 2023 or about to $600 million to $700 million less than our guidance. So I think that, that might be some of what you’re seeing in kind of the LNG spend, and I think it’s obvious with over half of the Port Arthur spend in 2023, obviously, the spending in 2024 and beyond is going to be less than a ratable rate. But I think that’s probably the main gap in LNG spending that you’re seeing.
Doug Leggate: That’s really helpful, Bill. And you’re exactly right. We were not expecting half. But of course, that means that the other half is probably more ratable, I’m guessing, over time, but that’s really helpful. My follow-up is a favorite topic of me, Bill. I hate to get in the weeds here, but again, another sizable deferred tax credit this quarter, although it does kind of look a little bit more like your – almost like you’re moving to a new normal based on your U.S. spending, thinking IDCs and things of that nature. Can you move just – am I thinking about that right? Should we be expecting a ratable deferred tax credit going forward in your cash flow? And I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Bill Bullock: Well, yes. So deferred taxes were a source of $0.5 billion in the fourth quarter, Doug, and we had a source of about $700 million in the third quarter. Now the source of those deferred taxes is primarily due to the impact of intangible drilling costs and generating deferred tax liabilities now that we’re in a U.S. cash tax paying position. Now as we look at 2023 at current investment levels, we’d expect deferred taxes are going to continue to generate a source of cash on a normalized basis. But I’d expect the deferred tax source full year to be lower in 2022. Now we are in a U.S. cash tax paying position for the full year, but we also utilized all significant U.S. net operating losses, NOLs and EOR credit carryforwards in 2022. And that utilization generated a larger source of cash last year compared to what we’re going to be seeing in 2023.
Doug Leggate: Really helpful. Thank you. Thanks.
Phil Gresh: Michelle, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Richardson with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Steve Richardson: Thank you. Ryan, there is been a lot of focus on the Permian Basin of late, certainly from an industry perspective, and not all of it has been good, we’d say. And I’d love if you just took a moment and help us differentiate Conoco’s assets in the basin, what you’re seeing from your asset. And certainly, some of the performance speaks for itself, but I’d love if you could address that today.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Let me make a couple of comments, and then I’ll turn it over to Nick for maybe a couple of his thoughts in a bit more detail. We’re not worried about our long-term development plans in the Lower 48. We see durability to our plans. And I know there is been a bit of noise about productivity and length and durability. And we’ve been there for a long time. We know what we’re doing after the acquisitions that we made over the last 1.5 years. And I don’t have any concerns about the durability to length, the efficiency of our program. And maybe I’ll let Nick provide a few more detail and color on that comment.
Nick Olds: Yes, good morning, Steve. So I’ll give a little more color on that one. Let me start with just the well performance that we’re seeing versus the tight curves. So if you look at our 2022 development wells, they have been performing slightly above the curve expectations across all four basins, including the Permian Basin. And that strong performance reinforces and validates the development plans that Ryan just mentioned, which is our focus on maximizing returns and recovery while minimizing the future interference. So if we step back in time, we’ve been incorporating a lot of the learning curve from our developments over the past 3 to 4 years. In fact, when you look at our accelerated learning curve, we’ve drilled the most horizontal wells in the Delaware and Midland Basin, more than any other company. So when you combine that data along with our significant operated by others portfolio and then the learnings in our mature development in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, that’s really helped us hone in on the best development approach of the stack. So in summary, Steve, if you look at our production performance at or slightly exceeding type curve expectations, combined with the development strategy, we’re very confident in our long-term outlook for these assets and we will update you more at AM.
Steve Richardson: That’s great. Thanks. I really appreciate it. I mean if I could – just one quick follow-up, Nick. Could you just address the 25,000 acres of swaps and coring up that you mentioned this morning, I would, I mean one of the questions, I guess, is...
Ryan Lance: No, we didn’t catch your question. Thanks.
Steve Richardson: Sorry, I must be the phone line. The question is on the – you have the 25,000 acres on the core up. And I’m just wondering if you could address, Nick, how much more to go is there on that side? And where are you just looking at the checkerboard of the map down there?
Nick Olds: Yes, Steve. Maybe I’ll just go back for the whole audience on what we’ve done in that space. We’ve been very focused on the acreage optimization, as you mentioned on trades and swaps. Last year, we completed 15 trades and that gives us a total about 25,000 acres since the Concho transaction. Now a couple of points I just want to address. These core ups have doubled the average lateral length of more than a year’s worth of inventory, that’s at our current level of drilling activity. Now the ability to drill extended laterals greater than 1 mile can reduce our cost of supply by 30% to 40%. So that’s significant. Now to put that in perspective, Steve, our quality position in the Permian has an inventory with roughly 60% of our wells that are greater than 2-mile laterals, 60%. And then if you look at 1.5 miles or greater, that’s an additional 20%. So that’s a robust inventory that we have out there. Now if you will continue to, as you mentioned, the core up in 2023 through acreage and swaps there, but we’ve got a significant deep robust inventory with those longer laterals.
Steve Richardson: Thanks so much.
Phil Gresh: Great. Thanks, Steve. Michelle, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Royall with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
John Royall: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So my first question is just kind of a broad one on the upcoming Investor Day. You guys haven’t done one for several years. Anything on what we can expect from the presentation in terms of the longer-term plan or maybe a breakdown of certain assets or projects. So just any color on that would be great?
Ryan Lance: Yes, John, thanks. So we – I think we will show how we’re pretty excited about where the company has gone. We’ve got a better plan. It’s the strategic and the financial plan of the company are got better duration, better depth, and we will show that to you what it means for the company for decades to come. I mean – so we’re pretty excited about where it’s at. We will do a deeper dive into where we’re at in the Lower 48, our global portfolio as well as the LNG business that we’ve been developing here over the last 1.5 years. So look forward to sharing kind of our excitement around our plans, where it’s headed and just the quality of what we’re doing both strategically and financially.
John Royall: Great. Thanks, Ryan. And then just a question on the guidance for 1Q production, a little bit below the full year guide and you guys called out the maintenance number there. But maybe just some color on would be helpful. on how you expect production to phase in throughout the year? Should we expect it to be more back-end loaded or maybe more towards the middle, given the later 1Q?
Dominic Macklon: Hey, John, it’s Dominic here. So yes, I think as Bill remarked, we do have above normal seasonal maintenance in the first quarter. That’s at Qatar Train 6 and 7, but also Eagle Ford Sugarloaf of our stabilizer facility down there. We’ve actually been preparing that for a bit of expansion. So that explains the Q1 sort of rate. But thereafter, our expectation is that each quarter will be around 2% to 3% year-on-year growth. So that’s really our base case.
John Royall: Okay, thanks, Dominic.
Phil Gresh: Michelle, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking our questions.
Ryan Lance: Good afternoon.
Jeanine Wai: Good morning, Ryan. Our first one, maybe following up on Neil’s question on the cash return for the year, we realize that it’s still early in the year, but you’ve already declared the ROC for the first part of the year. How are you ultimately thinking about the split of the $11 billion of total cash return between cash and buyback, and is the buyback more of a function of your mid-cycle price assumptions?
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think the majority of our buyback is tied back to ratably buying our shares in our mid-cycle price assumptions. So we try to ratably buy some shares as we go through the year. And then we buy some variable shares depending on where we see the market. I would say, as we’re going into 2023, right now, we’re thinking roughly 50%, 50% between cash and shares in terms of the absolute return back to the shareholders. So the $11 billion would be split roughly $5.5 billion and $5.5 billion. That’s our thinking as we start the year, but we will watch the commodity price and where things develop as we go through the course of the year.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you. I’ll pencil that in – our second question, sticking with ‘23, but moving to CapEx here. We noticed that there is about $500 million to $600 million of incremental inflation included in the budget versus 2022 and there is some noise with the categorization of the Port Arthur spend. But it looks like Lower 48 will comprise about 60% of total CapEx for ‘23. And so our question is, how much of that $500 million to $600 million of incremental inflation is in the Permian and Lower 48 versus maybe other parts of your portfolio? And what’s your estimate on how inflation ended up by region in ‘22 and maybe any assumptions that you have in your budget for ‘23 inflation? Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Let me take a quick high-level shot. I think if you’re kind of looking at exit rates from 2022 going into 2023, it’s kind of low single digits. If you’re kind of looking at what’s the increase annually year-over-year. It’s more like mid-single digits. I think the difference we’re seeing this year maybe relative to last year is we see that mid single-digit inflation applying across the whole global portfolio and it’s slightly higher in the Permian to the question that you asked. So yes, we’re in – we’re seeing some categories of spend that are key to the company actually start to plateau and maybe even roll over a little bit, one that – one we’re watching pretty closely is OCTG, the tubulars, some of the raw materials that are going into making those are starting to come down and be slight a little bit. So we’re starting to see that category spend sort of roll over. We’re seeing the rate of increase kind of in the onshore rig market start to lessen a little bit, which is good. We need that – and so when we kind of wrap all those categories to spend together for the company, it kind of manifests itself in an annual year-over-year inflation in the mid-single digits.
Jeanine Wai: Great. Thank you.
Phil Gresh: Thanks, Jeanine. Michelle, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Thank you. Maybe a follow-up on the Permian, I am not sure if you mentioned this earlier, but can you talk a little bit about what is assumed in your current guidance, I guess, both capital and production for the year. It sounds like the guide assumes kind of flat activity levels in the Permian versus late 2022. Is that correct? And in terms of how we think about activity levels and how should we think about the trajectory of production in the Permian over the course of 2023?
Nick Olds: Yes, Ryan, this is Nick. Yes, let me talk – walk you through that. So as you mentioned, we’ve assumed a level-loaded steady-state program for 2023 based on that second half of 2022 for rigs and frac crews. The focus for this year will really be around improving capital and operating efficiency. Now we do expect some modest growth in partner activity as the year progresses. And then we have some larger operated pads that will come online in kind of 2Q, 3Q. So our Lower 48 plan will deliver production in that mid-single digits, with the majority of that growth weighted to the Permian. Now with respect to the profile shape, it will be kind of mid to back-end weighted in 2023. And as we talked about, Dominic mentioned this, we do have that Eagle Ford Sugarloaf stabilizer maintenance that’s going on. And actually, I’m pleased to mention that the turnaround that Dominic referred to is 5 days, and we completed that successfully in January. Now we will have a little bit of brownfield modifications on that stabilizer through mid-February as well. And then I’ll mention two kind of month-to-month, we will have wells, a little bit of lumpiness. But in the back end, we will be weighted in 2023 for a production profile.
Ryan Todd: Great, thank you. That’s very helpful. And then – as we think about your emerging kind of global gas strategy, how should we think about your approach to the gas portfolio on these projects? Should we expect the majority sold under long-term contracts with a percentage held for spot cells? When you look to correspondingly build out your global gas trading capability similar to our European peers and maybe as you’re out marketing these volumes, are you seeing anything to comment on in terms of the environment, whether global gas tightness is helping the sales pricing out there? So any high-level views on your global gas strategy there would be great.
Bill Bullock: Yes, sure. This is Bill. So I’ll just start with – we’ve got a really strong understanding and presence in the LNG market have had for several years. We’re regularly selling spot volumes into Asia of our APLNG venture. And we do think that Europe is going to be a long-term market for U.S. Gulf Coast and you will have seen where we recently secured regas capacity in Germany, which we’re really happy about and excited about. And so we’re looking at the best options in terms of long-term placements, but these are 20-year projects off the Gulf Coast. And so we think that the long-term strength of international pricing relative to U.S. gas is going to be pretty interesting. And that driver and that strength in LNG, we think, it’s going to be driven by its role in energy transition and reducing carbon emissions. So as you see us build out our LNG portfolio over the next few years, we may take some longer-term contract decisions in there. But right now, we’re not really disclosing where we’re at for competitive reasons in terms of how we’re developing that market.
Ryan Todd: Thanks.
Phil Gresh: Thanks Ryan. Michelle, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Devin McDermott: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So, I wanted to first follow-up on some of the CapEx questions. Earlier, you laid out the $1.6 billion to $2 billion of spending this year on major projects, and you talked with some good detail about Port Arthur. It’s not necessarily ratable across the projects. But when you put it all together, I was wondering if you could talk about how you see the magnitude of major projects been evolving or changing over the next few years. Outside of Port Arthur were some of the key moving pieces that we should be thinking about across the projects that could move that number higher or lower?
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think we tried to explain kind of a bit about the front-end loading of the Port Arthur project. So, you ought to expect that’s going to come down as you look into the 2 years, 3 years, 4 years. Some of the other moving pieces, we – if the commodity price environment supports it, we want to see some ramp in our Lower 48 activities up to our optimized plateau across the various assets. You will see Willow ramping up if we get an adequate projects approval from the Federal government. So, that will come in. And then obviously, there are some inflationary forces as well as we think about where it’s going. So, there is a lot of moving pieces, but that’s kind of how you should think of the different pieces that we are looking at as we kind of think about the longer term nature of the capital. And we will be prepared to talk about that at our Analyst Meeting coming up in April.
Devin McDermott: Got it. Makes sense. Just a quick follow-up on NFE and NFS, are those fairly ratable over the next few years? Any additional color on those projects specifically?
Bill Bullock: Yes. So, this is Bill. You saw us in the fourth quarter and make our initial catch-up payment on NFE. And then you should expect that those projects are funding through the next couple of years.
Devin McDermott: Okay. Thank you.
Phil Gresh: Thanks Devin. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotia General. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Hi guys. Good morning. Can I go back – Ryan, can I go back into Permian? You guys are talking about earlier in your prepared remarks on the inventory for the 3-mile well. I think the industry also think that the 3-mile may actually work even better. Can you talk about that? I mean based on where you are today, what’s the inventory then on the 3-miles, and whether that there is a lot of opportunity there? You also don’t know whether there is an update you can provide on the petrol, longer term petrol rate that you expect for Permian and that when that you will be able to get there? So, that’s the first question. The second question that I have to say, I was super impressed that your Bakken production is actually flat sequentially from the third quarter given that the winter storm hit and so severely. I mean how about the 27,000 barrels per day, I mean how much is on the Bakken and how you would be able to get it so that you can actually get it flat?
Nick Olds: Alright. Yes. This is Nick there. I will just kind of walk you back through kind of the inventory related to our longer laterals as we have done the core up. Again, over 60% is greater than 2-mile laterals, and that does include the 3-miles as well. So, that’s a significant part of our inventory in the Permian Basin. We have actually, this last year, in 2022, brought on, I think more than 30 wells that are in the 3-mile category and are seeing very encouraging results. So, we will continue to execute those as we are going forward. As we continue to core up and do swaps, that will give us more inventory as well for that longer lateral execution. Again, you will see probably cost of supply of about 30% to 40% reduction as we drill those longer laterals.
Paul Cheng: I am sorry, Dominic, for the 60% you are talking about, how much of – what percent of them is actually in the 3-miles category?
Dominic Macklon: Yes. Paul, I don’t have that in front of me at this point in time, but let’s wait until AM and I will give you a further update on that overall 3-mile categorization.
Paul Cheng: Okay.
Dominic Macklon: Okay. On your second part of that first question related to plateau. Again, we will update the group on overall Permian plateau, Eagle Ford and Bakken at the April 12th Investor Day. Obviously, there is a number of factors that go into that. The macro, maintaining execution efficiency, continuing to capture the learning curve and capital efficiency, right now, with our middle – mid-single digit growth, we feel that’s right in line with what we have communicated earlier. And then your second question was related to weather. Glad you brought that one up. Again, Bill, you had mentioned 27,000 barrels a day for fourth quarter 2022. Just a quick breakdown on that. That’s 13,000 barrels for Permian, 10,000 barrels for Bakken and then last 4,000 barrels in Eagle Ford. I think you asked kind of maybe quarter-to-quarter, Q3 to Q4, you are right, it was flat. We are at 96,000 barrels equivalent per day. And Paul, the main driver for that is we had some really strong operated wells that carried into Q4. And then on the operated by others, we had some larger pad projects come online in Q4 that offset that weather.
Phil Gresh: Thanks Paul. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Brackett with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Bob Brackett: Hey. Good morning. A bit of an old-school question on your reserve replacement. Historically, LNG FIDs were big blocky chunks of gas reserves going into the portfolio, that’s not really going to be the case for a midstream asset like Port Arthur. But I am curious, can you go into a little more detail on the oil/gas mix shift on the reserve replacement, and how to think about the cadence of LNG coming in through that?
Dominic Macklon: Hey Bob, it’s Dominic here. Yes. So, let me talk a bit about that. I mean we are obviously very pleased with our organic reserve replacement ratio this year, 177%. The real drivers for that, I mean obviously, the LNG, we did have some bookings there from NFE as we commenced payments on NFE. We also saw some bookings to make LNG performance and for some project advancements in Norway. So, our international portfolio is contributing. But the main area this year was actually in the Lower 48 development program. And that’s particularly in the Permian and that included an increase to our PUD bookings by extending the approved era we established by reliable technology, which is an SEC term. So, it’s consistent with SEC requirements. And so basically, we have a very extensive geoscience and reservoir engineering data set across the Permian now that allows us to support that. So – and you will be aware, Bob, just the rigor and the process and the controls governing the reserves booking process. So, this further demonstrates the depth and quality of our Lower 48 inventory. So, that’s really the story this year. Going forward, we will continue to see bookings in the Lower 48. We will see bookings in Alaska, obviously with pending FIDs. And then we will continue to see some LNG bookings as well, particularly on the resource projects as we call them, NFE and NFS. You are absolutely right what you are saying about Port Arthur. But – so, I think you will see a mix going forward, right, as it stands now, our Lower 48 represents about 46% of our reserves and the remainder across the international. So, yes, we have simply appreciating the performance of our sort of diversified portfolio around our reserves booking. So, thanks for the question.
Bob Brackett: Very clear. A quick follow-up on the portfolio. Great opportunities in 2020 to rebuild the portfolio, ‘21 again in the Permian, ‘22 was very much an LNG themed year. Is the star of the show for ‘23 Willow FID, or how do you think about the portfolio where it stands today?
Ryan Lance: We are pretty pleased where the portfolio is at. I mean Dominic did a good job of kind of going across the globe. I think we spent a lot of time over the last 5 years really coring up the portfolio, really focused on getting it as low cost of supply as we can, getting the margins as expanded as we can leading to kind of the returns and the productivity that we are seeing today. So, we are just hyper-focused on making sure the efficiencies are there and the returns are there. And pretty happy with where we stand today. And then as you rightly note, Bob, we are leaning in a bit on some of these mid and longer-cycle projects because we are just very constructive. The world is going to need this all. It’s going to need low greenhouse gas and emissions intensity oil, it’s going to need low-cost supply oil. That’s what we are all about. That’s what we are doing in our portfolio. And most recently, leaning in on the LNG side because we think the world is going to need this gas as part of the transition that we are going through.
Bob Brackett: Thanks. Very clear.
Phil Gresh: Thanks Bob. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist. Your line is now open.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning. Thanks for the time. My question is around just production and maybe around the Permian. I am just trying to get a sense of, you have got I think the 1% to 4% type overall growth. So, I am just trying to get a sense of expectations for the Permian, if you would back out obviously, what’s going on up in Alaska. Have you all clarified or kind of said what the expectation is at. And it sounds like – second part of that, it sounds like it’s going to be pretty that growth you expect in the Permian, I assume that would be pretty linear for the entire year, if you could comment on those two things.
Nick Olds: Yes. Neal, this is Nick. Again, for the Lower 48, we will deliver production growth in that mid-single digits. And again, the majority of that growth is going to be weighted to the Permian. With respect to the profile shape, it’s going to be more of mid to back-end weighted. So, we have got some operated larger pads that are going to be coming on kind of the mid-year to third quarter. And then we have got a modest operated by other growth going through the year with more on the kind of the back end for Lower 48. Does that help?
Neal Dingmann: That’s very clear. And then just one last one. You all are obviously in a fantastic position financially. You have done some really positive M&A deals in the past. I think actually in the last couple of years among the best that I have seen out there. My question that comes in, I mean how do you view the landscape today? I mean obviously, prices are up, maybe commodity prices are up, so maybe expectations are higher, but just wondering overall, how do you view the M&A landscape?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Neal. I mean we are in the market every day. We are trading. We are thinking about the market, we see what’s going on every day. We think generally, there is more consolidation that’s needed in our business. It’s pretty tough that these kinds of elevated prices, but we watch it every day. I think it – we have been pretty clear and consistent about our financial framework and how we think about M&A. That has not changed. So, as we think about cost of supply, we think about assets that we can make better or can make our company better or improve our long-term plan, we know the assets that we like. And so we watch those constantly. But it’s a tougher market at these kinds of prices to transact. And some of the transactions that have occurred this year, we have looked at them. We have seen them. We have watched them. They just don’t feel our framework. So, they don’t make us a better company.
Neal Dingmann: That’s very clear. Thank you all.
Phil Gresh: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey with Sankey Research. Your line is now open.
Paul Sankey: Hi everyone and thanks as always, for the great disclosure. In fact, you guys have been leaders in the industry in many ways, starting with really the first capital discipline, cash return framework. You are in a position to make acquisitions at the bottom of the cycle. And now you are saying that you are leaning in is the word, Ryan – words to sort of mega project development using an $85 oil price assumption. Is this an indication that the industry is going to have to follow you, or is it more that these major opportunities have come up in 2023? And further to the $85 price assumption, could you just remind me what gas price assumption you are using? And what would you cut if oil prices went to, say, $60 over the course of the year? Thanks.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Paul. No, I think we are – our view pretty constructive over the next number of years and through the decade. So, the time you want to do some of these big projects sort of front end of the cycle, we probably are a bit unique given our global diversified portfolio. We have opportunities in Alaska and Norway, in the Far East – in the Middle East. So, we look at those, make sure they fit our framework around cost of supply and what we want to go invest in. And as we look forward, we believe now is the time to be doing these projects, which is why you see us leaning in on the LNG side. We are constructive on the gas and why we are moving forward with our little project up in Alaska. And I will make a site com [ph], this is what the administration has asked us for U.S. production, this low GHG emission production. This is exactly what the administration has asked us to do as an industry, and that’s what we are trying to do as a company. Now, looking forward, I think we will talk at AM about where we think mid-cycle price is and frankly, we think it’s probably come up from where we have been over the last 5 years, 6 years. We will show that to you at AM. And then finally, to your last question, yes, we have set a cash return target at $80 WTI, $85 Brent. And I think it’s 3.25 Henry Hub. Those are the assumptions we made that underpin the $11 billion. The price would have to go down considerably. I mean you said into the 60s, full year average, I think before we would talk about changing that. And we are prepared to use our cash on the balance sheet to fund these projects. That’s why we have that cash. That’s why we have that financial strength in that resilience. So, we are happy to use the cash if we need to. So, I think it’s resilient across a broad range of prices in terms of what we have established as our distribution target for the year.
Paul Sankey: Great. Thanks. And then following on the leadership, you were instrumental in the export ban being lifted. Can you talk a little bit more about Willow? There is obviously some – you mentioned low GHG. Can you talk a bit about how it fits alongside what you just said about the administration asking for this in terms of its environmental footprint? Thank you very much.
Ryan Lance: Yes. It will be some of the lowest GHG emission production in the world, less than 10 kilograms per barrel. So, it’s going to be something that we believe is what the world needs right now as we go through this energy transition. We need more oil and gas. We need more base load to supply the world reliable and affordable energy. And coming to the United States and North America broadly, in general, is the right thing to be doing right now. And it comes from companies like ours that have over 40-year experience on the North Slope. We know how to do this. We know how to do it responsibly and all the stakeholders support it, including the native community on the North Slope, the congressional delegation, the union labor leaders who need this opportunity for employment in Alaska. So, there is full alignment behind what we are trying to go do there. It’s just the politics in D.C.
Paul Sankey: Thank you, sir.
Phil Gresh: Thanks Paul. Michelle, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Bill Janela with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Bill Janela: Hey. Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to ask on the pace of CapEx as you move through this year. I am wondering with all of the major project components that there are some quarters that might be chunkier than others, or if there are any other timing or seasonal factors to consider? So, any guidance you can give there in terms of how to think about the progression of quarterly spending for some of those bigger ticket items as well as the base business would be very helpful. Thanks.
Dominic Macklon: Thanks Bill. It’s Dominic here. Yes, the way it’s going to work out we think is pretty ratable through the year. We have got consistent activity in the Lower 48 level loaded. You are right that there is going to be a bit of lumpiness around some of the project spend. So, for example, in the first quarter, we do have a modest upfront payment in Q1 on Port Arthur, assuming that’s sanctioned. But if you are running a fairly ratable profile, that would be a good estimate.
Bill Janela: Thank you.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Great. Thank you. Operator, I think just would wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q3 2022 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Richard, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Phil Gresh, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Philip Gresh: Yes. Thank you, Richard, and welcome to everyone joining us for our third quarter earnings conference call. On the call today are several members of the ConocoPhillips leadership team, including Ryan Lance, Chairman and CEO; Bill Bullock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dominic Macklon, Executive Vice President of Strategy, Sustainability and Technology; Nick Olds, Executive Vice President of Global Operations; Jack Harper, Executive Vice President of Lower 48; and Tim Leach, adviser to the CEO. Ryan and Bill will kick off the call with opening remarks, after which the team will be available for your questions. Just a few quick reminders. First, along with today's release, we published supplemental financial materials and a presentation which you can find on our Investor Relations website. Second, during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results may differ due to factors noted in today's release and in our periodic SEC filings. Finally, we will make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in today's release and on our website. With that, I will turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Phil. Before I get into our strong results for the quarter, including record production, I'd like to touch on a few big picture thoughts that are top of mind for us. First, inflation and supply chain constraints continue across the entire economy and our industry. This is particularly true in the U.S. shale, where rapidly escalating costs combined with extremely tight supply are limiting the pace of industry-wide production growth.  Second, we believe that the world is going to need investments in medium- and long-cycle production in addition to U.S. shale plays. The depth and quality of our U.S. unconventional inventory combined with our diverse global portfolio has us well positioned to meet these long-term supply challenges. And finally, a successful energy transition must meet society's fundamental need for secure, reliable and affordable energy while progressing to a lower carbon future.  This requires an all-of-the-above solution. Obstacles that prevent the global market from functioning properly are not going to help the American consumer and would be disastrous for our allies. Governments can help by enacting policies that encourage investments in developing lower emission oil and gas resources that will be needed to get the world through to transition. This includes fiscal stability, streamlining permitting and supporting critical infrastructure for an all-of-the-above solution.  Now against this backdrop, we believe that ConocoPhillips is well positioned to win in any environment. We remain committed to delivering on our triple mandate of responsibly and reliably meeting energy transition pathway demand, delivering competitive returns on and of capital and progressing towards achieving our net zero operational emissions ambition.  As further evidence of this commitment, our third quarter results demonstrated record total company production. Lower 48 production hit a milestone at over 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, and we anticipate further growth in the fourth quarter. On returns, we generated a trailing 12-month ROCE of 27%. We increased our ordinary dividend by 11% to $0.51 per share, and we announced a $0.70 per share VROC for the first quarter of 2023, and we increased our share buyback authorization by $20 billion. Additionally, we'll return $15 billion of capital for 2022, which represents over 50% of our projected CFO, well in excess of our greater than 30% annual commitment. Now we believe that our CFO-based returns framework differentiates us relative to peers. And finally, our net zero operational emissions ambition, we recently announced a new medium-term methane intensity commitment consistent with our recent objectives of joining OGMP 2.0.  From a strategic perspective, I want to provide an update on our global LNG initiatives. First, we were recently selected to participate in Qatar's North Field South project, following our selection earlier this year to participate in the North Field East, which adds to our long positive relationship with Qatar Energy. Second, we agreed to terminal services for a 15-year period at the prospective Brunsbuettel LNG import terminal in Germany. And third, we continue to progress our Port Arthur LNG project with Sempra, which we expect to reach FID by early next year.  Now overall, we continue to believe the substitution of natural gas in place of coal represents an opportunity for significant reductions in global greenhouse gas emissions. This should drive global LNG demand and related opportunities well into the future. Putting this all together, we remain constructive on the outlook for the industry, and we have a deep portfolio of short-, medium- and longer-cycle low-cost supply assets that generate strong cash flow as we continue to deliver on our triple mandate.  Now let me turn the call over to Bill to cover our overall performance for the quarter.
William Bullock: Well, thanks, Ryan. From a financial standpoint, we had a solid third quarter. We generated $3.60 per share in adjusted earnings. Production was over 1,750,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which included our previously guided approximately 15,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day impact from scheduled turnarounds as well as some impacts from the temporary force majeure in Lithia in July. For the fourth quarter, we do not expect any material turnaround impacts. Lower 48 production averaged a record 1,013,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 668,000 from the Permian, 224,000 from the Eagle Ford and 96,000 from the Bakken. Cash provided from operating activities was $8.7 billion. Now this included a $15 billion benefit from working capital, primarily related to the timing of Norway tax payments and lower receivables. Excluding working capital, cash from operations was $7.2 billion. APLNG distributions were $257 million in the quarter, and we expect fourth quarter distributions to be about $600 million.  On capital, we invested $2.5 billion back into the business in the third quarter, including around $300 million for acquisitions. This resulted in free cash flow of $4.7 billion, which more than covered the $4.3 billion we returned to shareholders in the quarter. Factoring in $400 million of disposition proceeds, ending cash and short-term investments were $10.7 billion at September 30, up from $8.5 billion at June 30.  Turning to guidance, we still expect full year production of 1.74 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, with a fourth quarter guidance range of 1.74 million to 1.8 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. On costs, we've increased full year adjusted operating cost guidance to $7.7 billion from $7.5 billion, and this is driven by inflationary impacts. We have also increased full year organic CapEx to $8.1 billion from $7.8 billion, also driven by inflationary impacts and partner-operated working interests. Partially offsetting these increases, we have reduced full year DD&A guidance from $7.6 billion to $7.5 billion.  In terms of 2023 guidance, we anticipate providing full details with our fourth quarter earnings call in early February. We will also be hosting an Analyst and Investor Meeting next spring at the New York Stock Exchange, so please stay tuned for more details. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Bill. Now before we go to Q&A, I wanted to spend a minute discussing a few important organizational announcements. First, Jack Harper, our EVP of Lower 48, informed me that he will be leaving the company due to a family medical situation. And I know I speak on behalf of the entire organization when I say that Jack will be greatly missed.  Now in conjunction with this announcement, Nick Olds, currently our Executive Vice President of Global Operations, will become the Executive Vice President of Lower 48; and Andy O'Brien, currently our Vice President and Treasurer, will become Senior Vice President, Global Operations and join the executive leadership team. Now with that, I'd be -- I wanted to turn the call over to Jack and give him the opportunity to say a few thoughts.
Jack Harper: Thanks, Ryan. As Ryan mentioned, I will be leaving ConocoPhillips due to a family medical situation. It has truly been a privilege to work for both Concho and ConocoPhillips over the past 16.5 years. When Concho agreed to the merger with ConocoPhillips, we did so because we believe that the transaction would create a uniquely strong and differentiated company, and I cannot feel better about how this has played out.  This may be one of the most dynamic times that we've ever seen in the industry. And my competitive side certainly makes me wish that I could stay on board for what is ahead. However, I'm confident that we have set up the team for success with our organizational structure and planned transition over the next few months. With that, let me turn the call back over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Jack. And I know I speak for everybody at ConocoPhillips, we have you and your family in all our prayers. So with that, let me turn it back over to Phil and we'll get going with the Q&A.
Philip Gresh: Great. Thanks, Ryan. [Operator Instructions]. And with that, Richard, we'll turn it back to you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question on line comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Ryan, I want to kick off with you on the LNG strategy. And we've seen a lot of interesting individual announcements. But maybe you could pull it all together and talk about how you see these coming together for how Conoco thinks about LNG as part of its portfolio. And as it relates to that, maybe you could talk about risk around long-term LNG as we have a lot of new supply coming in from Qatar in the U.S. by the middle of the decade. And do you worry about spending on these projects into what could be a sloppier market towards the end of the decade?
Ryan Lance: No. Thank you, Neil. Appreciate the question. Yes, I think for some context around the company, we've been involved in LNG for a long, long time. You think about our liquefaction technology that we have that's being used by many, many operators around the world today, we effectively started this business back in the '60s with our project up in Kenai and delivering years of gas to our Japan marketing friends.  So we've been in this business for a long time. And then when you look at the transactions that we've done over the last couple of years, we have a growing resource position in the U.S. so creating more demand and -- just makes a lot of sense coming out of the U.S. So as we step back and we started thinking about it, combined with our views of the energy transition and the view that LNG is going to be a necessary fuel that can replace coal, similar to the way the gas has done that in the United States and reduced the emissions profile in the U.S. So we think this is something the globe is going to be needing as we go through this energy transition.  So you put all that together and we said back over a year ago and said this was a piece that we wanted to grow in our portfolio. So it started with the opportunity at APLNG. We picked up some more interest there. Then we got named in the North Field expansion project and then more recently here in the North Field South. And then combined with wanting to do something in the U.S. to take advantage of the position that we have here and develop more demand for the product in the U.S. We looked at who we thought was the best positioned with permits and opportunity, and that's when we decided to join up with Sempra.  And as you've seen, we expect to reach FID early next year at Port Arthur, and that gives us some optionality also on the west coast of Mexico opportunity that they have as well. So when we looked at all this, trying to build this business for the long term and complemented now by our German regas opportunity that we've entered into. So we want to get into that full value chain. We've got a great commercial organization that can optimize around this. And we just think this is going to be a business that's going to be long term and going to be substantial well into the future.  Now it's going to be -- there's going to be periods of time when supply exceeds demand and when the demand exceeds supply. And that's more to your point, there may be a period coming later this decade for a year or 2 where the pricing maybe get a little soft because of a lot of projects are coming in. But again, we're entering this into 20- and 30-year contracts. So we just have a long-term view that this is going to be a really good business and one that ConocoPhillips can excel at, given our history and the capability inside the company, and we expect to -- want to try to build more of this business over time.
Neil Mehta: Yes. That's really clear, Ryan. And the follow-up is just on capital spending for 2023, recognizing we're going to get more thoughts, it sounds like here in February on it. But if we took the $8.1 billion as the starting point, what are some of the moving pieces as you go into '23 that we can bridge off of?
Ryan Lance: Yes, Neil, I would -- I guess I would start by saying I'd probably take the last half of this year, that kind of pace, annualize that for our base business as we think about that going into 2023. We're not looking at trying to add scope into our Lower 48 operation, given the kind of environment on inflation that we see. So starting there, we'll assess what we think inflation looks like for next year. And importantly, we'll assess what our partners are doing in terms of the scope that they're trying to execute that we have to fund our share of. So those are some unknowns that was going to, but I'd say take the base business which is kind of ratable off the second half of this year as you think about going into next year. And then the new businesses that we're trying to grow and expand and develop the company around NFE and NFS, the 2 Qatari projects, we'll be funding that next year.  Again, we hope to reach FID at Sempra so there'll be some funding associated with that next year. And then finally, Willow we hope to be getting into some construction and activities next year with Willow. Obviously, we won't do that until we have a permit in place that allows us to go start up the funding of that project. So that's the base business and those are the kind of adders as we look into 2023.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Stephen Richardson from Evercore ISI.
Stephen Richardson: Ryan, I was wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit about how you're thinking about the cash return envelope for '23, just acknowledging there's a lot of variability in the environment. But obviously, you've had a really strong year this year. And I think you talked last quarter about how we're trending kind of closer to 50% of cash flow from hubs, certainly a lot higher than your baseline. And so I think we get this question a little bit is just how do we think about '23 with the moving parts, acknowledging what you just talked about with capital and the environment is uncertain. But if we have the environment that we have today into next year, I wonder if you can maybe talk about how you're thinking about that.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Stephen, I think if we have the macro environment today that's similar to next year that's similar to the average over the course of 2022, I think you should expect a similar level of distributions. And I think we signaled that a little bit with setting the first quarter VROC at $0.70 a share. At this , we look at the macro and it's going to be similar next year, you ought to expect a similar level of distributions, which is in excess of our 30% commitment.  But we're going to watch the macro because we think it's going to be incredibly volatile. But we think we've just got the right value proposition in combination of VROC-based dividend and how we're thinking about buying our shares back, that it's well set up for the kind of volatility we may see. But that would be sort of my comment as you think about going into 2023, it's a function of the macro, which is reasonably strong right now.
Stephen Richardson: That's great. Maybe just a follow-up on the Lower 48. Obviously, you've had some really, really strong results and can't say the same of what we've seen in some of the productivity updates from elsewhere in Lower 48 across the industry this quarter. I was wondering if maybe you could talk a little bit about performance versus just the timing of wells and kind of how you're seeing the program evolve, particularly in the Permian where the Lower 48 numbers were really impressive this morning.
Jack Harper: Yes. Thanks, Stephen. This is Jack. Yes, the production is back half loaded, like we've been talking about. I hope you saw that in the quarter with the progression. We've also seen our OBO plans, our partners targeting increasingly longer laterals than we first anticipated, which, of course, yields a lower cost of supply and more economic return. In the Lower 48, we do expect to see continued growth, as Ryan mentioned, in the fourth quarter and in the Permian should modestly exceed that kind of low single digits that we expect out of the Lower 48. In terms of well productivity and our plans are progressing as we have planned. We monitor this very closely internally and with our peers externally and really like where we stack up.
Operator: Our next question on the line comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Jack, I wish you well and hope our paths cross again at some point. Good luck. I've got 2 quick questions, if I may. Bill, I wonder if I could deal first with the deferred tax in the quarter. I think we've heard you talk in the past about when you would hit full cash tax in the Lower 48. Has that been delayed somehow? Or maybe you could just walk through what happened in the quarter. It's quite a big deferred tax number, which we're happy to see obviously, but any updated guidance would be appreciated.
William Bullock: Yes, sure. Happy to, Doug. So first, the increase in third quarter tax rate on earnings reflects a shift in our geographic mix of earnings, primarily due to increase in Norway's pretax earnings. And you'd expect that given the high gas price environment we're seeing in Continental Europe. So as you know, Norway is a fairly high tax environment so you've seen our effective tax rate increase from 39% in the third quarter from 32% in the second quarter. Now moving forward, I'd expect our effective tax rate to be in the mid- to upper 30s range, assuming a similar production level and the pricing holds with the forward curve. As you noted, the deferred tax for the quarter was a source of cash of just over $700 million. And I'd expect deferred taxes to be a source throughout the year. We did enter a tax cash-paying position in the U.S. in the second quarter. And we're now in a cash tax-paying position in most of our jurisdictions around the world.  So assuming that prices and our capital program stays around current levels, I think you could see deferred tax to remain a modest source of cash, though cash taxes should be more close to our book taxes over time. And I do think it's important to note that trying to forecast deferred taxes and estimating cash tax ETR on a quarterly basis is pretty tough. It can be impacted by a number of items in any given quarter. So I'd really encourage you to think about that as our effective cash tax rate across an annual time period. And I expect that to be getting closer to what we're seeing our effective tax rate on an income basis.
Doug Leggate: I understand the point about mix and that's actually really helpful. I guess my follow-up, my question is on the Permian takeaway. We're obviously seeing a lot of volatility around Waha, but you guys have obviously had a lot of changes in your portfolio. Could you just give a quick refresh as to what your takeaway looks like? I guess, the differential widened a little bit this quarter in your realization. So just trying to get a handle on that, and I'll leave it there.
William Bullock: Yes, sure. So as you know, we're a large globally diverse E&P, so the overall cash flow impact from the Waha pricing differentials that we've seen this last quarter was relatively immaterial for us. But that said, in our presentation materials, our realizations in Lower 48 relative to Henry Hub decreased by 6% from 96% in Q2 to 90% in Q3. And that's primarily driven by lower Permian in-basin month average prices in September relative to Henry Hub. And when we look at it based on forward markets, we'd expect to be in the upper 70s to low 80s as a percentage of Henry Hub for the fourth quarter. So that's -- there's a lot of volatility around that, Doug, with what we're seeing in the market right now. And I'd expect that volatility is going to continue until we see the additional Permian takeaway capacity come online later in 2023.  And I guess the only thing that, just as a reminder, we're the second largest gas market in North America. We've got a really strong marketing position that's multiples of our portfolio, and we think that's really beneficial in this situation. We've worked hard to build our gas marketing capability in the Permian, following our acquisitions, and we leverage that to ensure we've got flow assurance through these pricing events. We're really very confident with our in-basin flow assurance and that we've got sufficient takeaway to manage through the short- and medium-term capacity constraints. So for ConocoPhillips, this is essentially a price issue, not a flow issue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Jack, thanks for the partnership and we wish you well. So our first question, maybe just following up on Willow. Can you provide maybe an update on what the latest is on that project? Any high-level commentary on what the moving pieces are relative to the original project, given that there's been a bunch of back and forth on it on the approvals? And I think the last detailed update we got on it was in June of '21, and there was roughly a 6-year lead time from FID to first production and there was about $8 billion capital estimate.
Nicholas Olds: Yes. Jeanine, this is Nick. Definitely, I'll go through that. Maybe as a reminder, I'll just walk back in time a little bit here. There was a key milestone that was accomplished in early July, and that was that draft SEIS. The comment period has been completed as well. And as I mentioned in the 2Q call, the draft SEIS put forward a new 3-pad alternative, reducing the footprint in that Lake special area. And that is supported by ConocoPhillips. Now that addresses and is responsive to the Alaska District Court findings. Now with respect to schedule, we're still targeting the final SEIS in a supportive record of decision by the BLM end of this year. Jeanine, as I mentioned previously, we would only take FID following a final SEIS and support a record decision by the BLM and we are targeting FID early next year.  Now pending that successful record of decision, we expect to have 2023 capital spend for this upcoming winter season, and that's mainly focused on civil construction, so that'd be opening up mine site and laying some gravel roads. Now again, we won't take FID or make significant investments until we have a clear path to development.  We also continue to do detailed engineering and update our final cost estimates. I know that you referenced that. We recently went to market to update our project costs and have seen some inflationary pressures as expected. We're seeing that globally as well as some of the impacts related to the updated scope due to the BLM's Alternative E in their draft SEIS. But I want to leave you with this. Despite all the cost pressures, the project remains very competitive in our cost supply framework. And finally, we'll provide more details on Willow at the market update that Bill referenced for next year.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. The follow-up, maybe just sticking with projects here. There's been a lot of investor conversations around Conoco's capital commitments for major capital projects, such as the Qatar project, Sempra, Willow, et cetera, and how that really impacts free cash flow and cash returns. So we know that Conoco's cash returns, of course, is on a CFO metric, not a free cash flow metric, but it's all kind of circular in a way.  So we just wanted to check in again on just the level of strategic cash that you want to hold. And is that the same as it was previously because, I guess, post the Concho and Shell Permian deals, you could argue that you don't need to hold as much. And then -- but on the other hand, you've got some major capital projects on the horizon that you need to reserve for. And so you ended the quarter with $10.7 billion of cash so you have a lot of options there.
William Bullock: Yes. Sure, Jeanine. This is Bill. So first, based on our forward prices, we'd expect to end the year with roughly $10 billion of cash, also the same -- roughly the same amount that you noted for the end of third quarter. And that's, I'd note, is predicated on us achieving our $15 billion of distribution to shareholders this year.  Now the framework of how we think about allocation and cash balance really hasn't changed. It's continuing to be guided by our priorities of having a competitive shareholder distribution, strong balance sheet strength and efficient organic and inorganic capital allocations. And the framework that we've laid out of intending to carry $1 billion for operating cash, $3 billion of reserve cash and anything above that as strategic cash continues to be the way that we think about that.  So when you think about strategic cash, we think about that for the opportunity to capture value-enhancing opportunities like you saw us do with the Shell Permian acquisition is to fund our program [indiscernible] cycles and to fund mid- and long-cycle projects. So the basic way that we think about our cash balances is unchanged.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold: I was wondering if we could go back to shareholder returns and just give us a sense of how you think about the mix of the shareholder returns. I mean, obviously, there's some companies that are highly formulaic with it. But as you look into sending that VROC for the first quarter, like what goes into play when you think of like what level you want that set at?
Ryan Lance: Well, I think we try to look at a couple of things, Scott, we're -- obviously, where the macro's at and project our cash flows forward into next year. And obviously, we're going to meet our 30% commitment. And in this guidance of commodity price, we're well in excess of that. I think our 5-year average is in the mid-40s, and this year, we're 50-or-more percent of the cash. So I think you ought to be thinking about if a similar environment persists into next year, the same level of absolute distributions, as I said earlier.  In regards to the channel, again, we want to move on to growing a reliable base dividend that you can count on. You can count on through the cycles, it's going to be, it's going to be competitive with the best in the S&P 500, and that's what we're trying to do on our base dividend. We want to buy some of our shares back. We want to buy through the cycles. We think about how much shares do we top up to hit our 30% commitment at a mid-cycle price that we think about.  And then at these elevated prices, we know we're getting more cash, and that's why we introduced the third channel through the VROC. The VROC is a combination of cash and shares. And it's got some flexibility because we're monitoring the market. We're monitoring the macro and we -- as we think about going forward into 2023. But we know it's going to be volatile. We could wake up, it could be $80, it could be $120 a barrel.  So that's why the VROC is there to be that variable channel, and we like to top up some of our cash as well as buy some shares as we think about it. As we said it for the first quarter, that's kind of the ratable amount that we had through the course of last year, which should signal that we're pretty bullish on how we think about 2023.
Scott Hanold: That's great color. I appreciate that. And actually, before I get to my second question, I should have started out with this. But Jack, all the best to you and your family. I mean, we've worked together over the past decade-plus so it was a pleasure to work with you all these years and good luck. But my follow-up question then is looking at the opportunities that you all have in Norway, you look like you're progressing on Tommeliten and Eldfisk. Now can you give us a sense, is that more just a process of just maintaining production out there? Or is there an opportunity really to grow that and really part of sort of this global gas opportunity? Because I do believe it's a little bit more gassy in a lot of these new developments.
Nicholas Olds: Yes. No, this is Nick. I'll give you a quick update on those developments. We've got actually 4 developments that are in progress, 2 operated and 2 nonoperated. You referenced Tommeliten, so we've got Tommeliten Alpha and Eldfisk North. Both of those are subsea developments that are all tied back to existing infrastructure. Even the 2 nonoperated are tied back to existing infrastructure. That means they're very low cost of supply. We're talking in the low , very competitive in the global portfolio. A couple of key milestones here recently as well. We just set our subsea templates on both Tommeliten Alpha and Eldfisk North and we'll start drilling later this year. All 4 of those will come online throughout 2024. But the way I view that is probably more offsetting base decline within the greater Eldfisk area as well as our partner-operated assets. But again, all 4 of those are very competitive.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Royall from JPMorgan.
John Royall: So just on the CapEx increase, if you could maybe give a little bit of color on the split between the NOJV portion of it and the inflation piece. I mean, I know it's relatively small overall but that might be helpful. And then on the nonoperated JV piece, is there any way to think about your exposure there in the Lower 48? Maybe a percentage of production or a percentage of CapEx or anything that could help us there?
Dominic Macklon: Yes. John, it's Dominic here. Just in this, the split of capital in terms of the increase of $300 million, $200 million is really related to inflation, and then about $100 million related to a change in working interest we're seeing in our OBO well mix. And I think probably we're seeing some of our partners may be doing a little bit of capital management and shifting their own working interest down, and that's causing us to go up with it. But they're still good wells. In fact, I'll maybe just ask Jack to comment a little bit on what we're seeing in our OBO program there.
Jack Harper: Yes. We're very pleased with the results we're seeing. As I mentioned before, we have some longer lateral development going on in that OBO program. Some of those wells will cross over into next year and hopefully provide a little bit of momentum.
John Royall: That's helpful. And then maybe just switching over to LNG. Just a little bit of color will be helpful on the Western Mexico opportunity with Sempra and how that could take shape and how we should think about potential timing there if you're getting involved relative to the 1Q target that I think Sempra has put out there for the Port Arthur FID.
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think the West Coast, John, is longer-dated, and that's an option we have to participate in expansion of that facility that is currently operating today. And it would be -- I think they're converting the regas portion of that into a small liquefaction plant and looking at some expansion opportunities. So our heads of agreement, our HOA that we have with Sempra, gives us the opportunity to participate in that down the road if and when they decide to build another train at that facility.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Ryan Todd from Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Maybe a follow-up on one of your earlier comments. In the Permian, it sounds like you're saying that at least for now, the plan for 2023 would be largely keep activity levels flat with the second half of 2022. If that's the case, any early thoughts on what the trajectory would be for Permian volumes during 2023? And maybe are you seeing any -- is it just a pricing issue? Or are you seeing tightness in the basin that's challenging your ability to execute anything that you'd like to?
Jack Harper: Yes, Ryan, we're very happy with our execution out there and feel that it's prudent right now to keep a steady amount of activity going into next year. And I would say our internal plans this year and going into next are very consistent with our long-term outlook on production out of the Permian and the Lower 48.
Ryan Todd: Great. And then maybe just a follow-up on the cash returns. I mean, your position on the dividend has always seemed a little more reflective of your view on sustainability of the longer-term outlook. Given the sizable dividend increase, can you talk a little bit about maybe the read-through of your outlook on commodity sustainability longer term? Is this -- has your longer-term view improved and is that reflected in a nice uptick in the dividend?
Ryan Lance: Yes, Ryan, I think we'll get a chance to talk more about that in our analyst meeting that we have that we talked about early in the spring of next year. But yes, basically, it's a longer-term view, given the dynamics that are going on in the market today. We've had a certain mid-cycle price that we've talked about over the last 4 to 5 or 6 years. And I think it is reflective that we think that mid-cycle prices moved up a bit. And so as a result, we can afford more base dividend and reflective of the raise that we announced here in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Two questions, please. The first one, maybe go back into the split between dividend and buyback. In the third quarter, your split is about 65% in buyback, 35% in dividend. If we're looking into the future, is that a reasonable proxy that how should we look at it or that we can't really with [indiscernible] and saying that, okay, that's maybe what you guys are going to do. So that's the first question. Second question is on the Qatar LNG that -- congratulations, you get into the North Field South. Is there any capital number that you can share? I think, in the North Field extension, your share of the commitment is about and given that it's the same volume, say, here. So should we assume it's similar? And also whether that the terms between the North Field South and North Field expansion are basically the same, is there anything that maybe you can share? And also that when that spending on North Field South will kick in because that, I don't think will come on stream until 2028?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Paul, let me try to take those. Let me call a friend with Nick through part of that. So yes, I think the first part, split, I think you had on the way we think about, I think that was VROC, so between share buybacks and dividends. I think the split that we've historically have, you mentioned 35%-65%. I think those are reasonable up to like a 50-50 split between cash and share buybacks is how we nominally think about the VROC. But that's subject to change based on how we see the macro and kind of how we see it. But nominally, that's probably not a bad place to start. With respect to Qatar LNG, I think the North Field South trains are going to be replicated from the North Field expansion trains. So relative to the same amount of capital, maybe adjusted for your view of inflation because they will be a little bit later starting. But yes, they're going to be the same scope, same size and exact same kind of train. So that's how we think about it very similar to the North Field expansion project.  And then what was the last one -- the timing. Yes, you're right on the timing. I don't think there's much capital in the next couple of years associated with NFS. Anything you'd add, Nick?
Nicholas Olds: Yes. Just to add, Paul, just on -- as we talked about in the Q2 call, remember North Field expansion, that total nets $900 million for us. We will have catch-up payments. And so once the condition precedents are set, we'll reverse energy for COP share and those NFE project costs. That could happen early next year or even late this year, again, $900 million net total for the project. Startup again for NFE is 2026 and then NFS will probably follow a year later.
Operator: Our next question comes from Raphael DuBois from Societe Generale.
Raphael DuBois: Seen from this side of the pond, it looks like there is a bit of a trade-off between the industry increasing production of phase, windfall tax and/or extra tax on distribution. Can you maybe explain what projects you call sanctioned if you were better incentivized to increase production? Are there any resources that you could monetize faster if you received some sort of guarantee from the U.S. government in terms of permitting, as you mentioned in your remarks, or in terms of tax stability? That would be my initial question.
Ryan Lance: Yes, thanks. I think we're already growing our company. I think we're faced with some other issues in the short term around labor shortages, supply chain and inflation. They're probably dictating the pace of the industry. I think generally, your question more relates to a medium- and a longer-term outlook. Eventually more infrastructure is going to need to continue the growth and the development of the U.S. shale and then more -- and more infrastructure needed for growth up in Canada and maybe even for exporting some of the product down into Mexico and Central America.  So I think that's the issue we have with the policy choices that this administration is making. And the things they could do to help is give more certainty on the long-term permitting and just the fiscal stability to make sure that we don't have large changes in the tax structure coming because this project takes -- these projects have cycle times and years associated with them. And the more risk you put in the front end, the less certainty you're going to have on executing some of that. So that's why my remarks were around -- certainly around the fiscal stability.  The whole conversation around windfall profits taxes is not a helpful conversation right now and then more certainty around permitting. And I would add on the permitting, if you want an energy transition, you need this permitting as well, certainly in the U.S. You need the permitting for onshore, offshore wind, for solar installations, for high-voltage transmission lines. So permitting relief is required if you want any chance of going through an energy transition and in having the support of trying to execute in all-of-the-above energy strategies. So I think these are really important topics as we think about the next 3, 4, 5 years and the next decade or 2 for our business.
Raphael DuBois: Great. My second question is Total Energy has recently announced that they will spin off their [indiscernible] in Surmont and [indiscernible]. And I was wondering if you could tell us what it might change for the way Surmont is run and whether it's something you could also consider to lower your GHG emissions intensity.
Jack Harper: Yes, Raphaël, maybe I'll start with the way we look at Surmont is obviously, we value Surmont greatly. It's a low cost of supply, low capital intensity asset that's in our diverse portfolio. Again, it offers up stable level-loaded production with a significant resource position out there. We've continued to transform that asset through technology applications, piloting emission reduction opportunities, including -- I don't know if you follow this, joining the Pathways Alliance, which is 6 like-minded companies coming together to lower emissions from the overall oil sands industry, net zero by 2050.  The asset continues to perform extremely well. Actually, back in September, we hit a record production day of 158,000 barrels a day gross. So we see this as staying in the portfolio. With respect to Total's SpinCo or NewCo plans, we're continuing to understand what that looks like and I can't comment further beyond that.
Ryan Lance: I would say, Raphaël, it does nothing for global emissions what Total is trying to do.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Jeoffrey Lambujon from Tudor, Pickering and Holt.
Jeoffrey Lambujon: My first 1 is just on portfolio management on the acquisition strategy. I know you've talked about bolt-ons as more of the focus, and we're obviously seeing that quarter-to-quarter. But wanted to get any updated views you might have on the environment as you see it for larger deals, particularly for upstream assets in the Permian. I don't know that the cost of supply framework continues to be kind of the focal point in assessing those in terms of what opportunities would need to hurdle. But anything you'd say just around what you see today and where results in your appetite might be, particularly in the Permian would be great, just given the position you've assembled there over the years.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Maybe I can start and then I'll ask Jack to comment on it as well because I know his team has been very active in this space over the last 1, 1.5 years. We continue to look for opportunities to bolt-on acquisitions. We mentioned one. It was a small opportunity in the Eagle Ford to core up what we were doing there, so we went ahead and did that. But a lot of focus is going on, what we're doing in the Permian and let me let Jack kind of describe a little bit about what we're doing there.
Jack Harper: Sure. Thanks, Ryan. Yes, we're always opportunistically looking to add to our core areas. And as we've talked about in previous calls, we find the highest value right now in swaps and trades. The team has completed about 20 of these and that approaches 30,000 acres or so in that allows for longer lateral development and lower cost of supply development. So in addition to those 20-ish deals, we have about that many or more in the pipeline.
Jeoffrey Lambujon: Perfect. Appreciate that. And then lastly just on the disposition side. I think the last time you all tallied up, it's been done since setting the target for the end of next year was, with last quarter's earnings, about $2.4 billion. Would the noncore sales in today's press release be incremental to that or is that included? And then, I guess bigger picture, it seems like Lower 48 noncore positions represent kind of the main opportunities there, it looks like or at least half over the recent past. Is that the right way to think about some of those priorities going forward?
Dominic Macklon: Jeff, it's Dominic. Yes. So the -- we've sold -- well, since we closed the and then the Shell transactions, we obviously wanted to do a little bit of portfolio cleanup. So we've sold $2.4 billion, as you said, of assets, and that's inclusive of the $0.3 billion this quarter. And we're pretty pleased about that because they represent really the priority assets we have for sale, typically very mature low-margin or high-cost supplies. So that's assets like Indonesia, the high H2S Builder Madden, some legacy assets in the Central Basin platform and so on.  So we've been pleased with that. We've monetized those in a strong market. Going forward, I would say we're really just back into normal sort of high-grade opportunity as usual. We're not focused on any target at this point. We're happy with where we are. We'll always look for opportunities. But -- so we're pretty happy that we've basically completed the main cleanup that we wanted to do after those 2 big transactions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: And again, Jack, prayers with you and your family. Hope all goes well. Ryan, my first question, maybe I guess, I would call it for the top du jour on shareholder return on capital allocation. Specifically, any change to how you all are thinking about the shareholder returns versus -- or specifically the buybacks versus just particular to maybe accelerate your growth opportunities? I say that, obviously, given the stocks hit an all-time high and knowing just the incredible high well opportunities, high well return opportunities you all have.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Neal. No, I think we've tried to describe that in the release. We feel like, obviously, we could ramp more in the Lower 48, but in this environment, it just doesn't make sense to us to be doing that right now. We just want to run efficient stable programs right there. We do have opportunities to invest in more medium- and longer-cycle projects. We described those around Willow and Sempra and then the Qatari projects as well. So we are leaning into -- we're going to need to supply long term as an industry and we think these are important. And we believe our company with our global diverse portfolio has the kind of opportunities that are low cost of supply, fit our GHG emissions intensity profile and our reductions that we're trying to make in that particular area. And these are going to be needed assets that we want to invest in to ensure that the supply is there long term.
Neal Dingmann: Great to hear. And then my second question, probably for Jack, on the Permian and specifically the former Shell assets now purchased, I guess, it was about a year ago. I'm just curious to now when you look at those well returns that you've been seeing there, how those are stacking up versus those initial expectations maybe a year or more ago and how you guys are -- if you all are utilized, I think there was about, what is it, 600 or more miles of pipe there. I was wondering if that's being fully utilized.
Jack Harper: Yes. Thanks, Neal. Well, in general, we're very happy with that deal. It's fully integrated. I think we mentioned last quarter, we started to bring on some of the initial projects with our style of drilling and completion, and that continues. And the results are at least as strong as we had anticipated. And then on the other piece of that, the OBO, as I mentioned before, so far, an upside to the deal has been that we have seen lateral lengths extended by our partners and that's better for everyone. So we'll continue to do that. But right now, it's completely folded in and business as usual.
Philip Gresh: Operator, I think we have time for 1 more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leo Mariani from MKM Partners.
Leo Mariani: Wanted to quickly follow up around some of your prepared comments. You certainly discussed the LNG deals that you've entered into. And you kind of alluded to the fact that there's some nice benefit with your kind of U.S. production base, I guess, particularly for the Port Arthur project. Just as you're thinking about that, I mean, do you think there's obviously an ability to kind of hold some of those volumes into that in the next couple of years? And would you anticipate maybe trying to kind of increase some of your gas production as you look out into the middle of this decade to kind of take advantage of that as feedstock?
Ryan Lance: Well, yes, as we said, Leo, in our opening comments that we're -- we think the gas resource is pretty plentiful in the U.S. I don't think there's -- I wouldn't think about it as physical integration between our assets. The market in the U.S. is a big liquid market. We want to create -- creating some of this more demand to exploit the resource in the U.S. is a good thing, is -- and that's what we're trying to play. We see the resource in the U.S. being quite substantial. We want to be involved in the liquefaction of that resource and the shipping and then the regasification as we move it to higher-value markets around the world.
Leo Mariani: Okay, that makes sense. And I guess, you also talked in your prepared comments about having to kind of start some of this medium-term major project capital in 2023 that we should kind of layer on top of this kind of second half '22 annualized spend, if you will. Is it possible to offer any order of magnitude on this? In this major project spend, are we talking kind of in the hundreds of millions or potentially could this be north of $1 billion?
Ryan Lance: Well, I think it's certainly, as Nick described in terms of some of the nuances on Willow, will we get started? Will we won't? Do we have to do an upfront payment? How big is that for Qatar? So it's a little bit early for us to be kind of telegraphing what an absolute. We're just saying these are projects that make sense for us. We're going to fund them. We're going to lean in on some of these medium- and longer-cycle projects. We think the world needs them. And again, the returns back to the shareholders aren't going to suffer because our value proposition is based on CFO. So it's not based on free cash flow.
Operator: As we have no further questions, I will now turn it over to Phil for closing comments.
Philip Gresh: Thanks, operator. So this will wrap up the call today. If you have any questions, Investor Relations is around and we appreciate your time today.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2022 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Richard, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mark Keener, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Keener, you may begin.
Mark Keener: Thank you, Richard, and welcome to everyone joining us for our second quarter earnings call. First, let me introduce the members of the ConocoPhillips leadership team taking part in today's call. We have Ryan Lance, Chairman and CEO; Bill Bullock, EVP and Chief Financial Officer; Dominic Macklon, EVP of Strategy, Sustainability and Technology; Nick Olds, EVP of Global Operations; Jack Harper, EVP of Lower 48; and Tim Leach, adviser to the CEO. On the call, Ryan and Bill will provide some opening comments, after which the team is available to take your questions. Before I turn it over to them, just a few quick reminders. In conjunction with this morning's press release, we posted supplemental materials that include second quarter earnings results and highlights, earnings and cash flow summaries, price realizations and sensitivities for estimating earnings and cash flow and updated guidance for the third quarter and full year. During the call, we'll make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Of course, actual results may differ due to the factors noted in today's release and in our periodic SEC filings. And finally, we'll make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's release and on our website. With that, I'll turn it over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Well, thank you, Mark. And for those -- Mark has elected to retire. So I want to start off by really thanking him for more than 30 years of dedicated service to our company and wish him well in retirement. And at the same time, I'd like to warmly welcome Phil Gresh, who will be joining our team next month as Vice President of Investor Relations. Now before I get into the results for the quarter, I'd also like to touch on a few things that continue to be top of mind for us. The ongoing tragic invasion in Ukraine and the residual implications from COVID have significantly impacted supply chains around the world, with shock waves driving both product shortages and elevated levels of volatility, including large swings in commodity prices. The combination of these factors has brought into sharp focus their critical importance of U.S. and global energy security and reliability. By fulfilling our triple mandate of responsibly and reliably meeting energy transition pathway demand, delivering competitive returns on and of capital and progressing towards achieving our net zero operational emissions ambition, we're playing a key role in providing secure, dependable energy solutions that are clearly needed around the globe. The guiding principles of our triple mandate were key to our recent actions and announcements regarding global LNG supply capacity, as the use of natural gas in place of coal and refining products represents an opportunity for significant reductions in greenhouse gas emissions around the world. We believe this reality is going to drive increasingly strong global LNG demand and related opportunities well into the future. As recently announced, we entered into an HOA with Sempra for a possible investment in the Port Arthur LNG project that's currently underway. The potential investment is designed to leverage our company's considerable strength as one of the largest gas producers and marketers in North America, while expanding our global LNG business. This potential investment is expected to be project financed and, if executed, would afford us the opportunity to participate in additional strategically located LNG projects, as well as to jointly pursue related emissions reduction opportunities. That announcement followed our recently completed 10% ownership increase in APLNG, as well as our selection to participate in Qatar's North Field East project, adding to our long positive relationship with Qatar Energy. Our recent decision to join the OGMP 2.0 initiative is also in service to achieving our triple mandate, as reducing greenhouse gas emissions, including methane, is an imperative for our company and our sector. Applying the rigorous OGMP 2.0 reporting standard, which incorporates third-party verification will be a vital step on our path to net zero operational emissions. Now before I turn the call over to Bill to cover the second quarter performance, let's discuss for a moment on the equally important returns element of our triple mandate. Looking at, first, at returns on capital, we generated a trailing 12-month ROCE of 24% in the quarter, 5 points higher than the 19% we delivered last quarter. Turning next to our returns of capital. Once again, we've increased our targeted 2022 distributions to shareholders, taking the total full year expected returns to $15 billion. This represents a 50% increase from the target announced last quarter with the $15 billion to be distributed across our three tiers of ordinary dividends, share repurchases and VROC. At current strip prices, this represents a return to shareholders of slightly more than 50% of our projected CFO for the year. Our commitment to achieving our triple mandate is unwavering and delivering competitive returns on and of capital to our shareholders through the cycles is a key component of that commitment. Now let me turn it over to Bill to cover our overall performance for the quarter.
Bill Bullock: Well, thanks, Ryan. And as you noted, we generated a return on capital employed of 24% on a trailing 12-month basis. On a cash adjusted basis, that improves to 27%. Turning to earnings per share. We generated $3.91 per share in adjusted earnings in the quarter. This was driven by strong realized prices and production of almost 1.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. As we previously mentioned, production volumes in the second quarter were reduced by scheduled turnaround, as well as some unplanned weather and other minor impacts. Lower 48 production averaged 977,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the quarter, including $634,000 from the Permian, 233,000 from Eagle Ford and 91,000 from the Bakken. Operations across the rest of our global portfolio also ran well, leading us to generate $7.8 billion in cash from operations in the quarter, excluding working capital. This includes roughly $750 million in distributions from APLNG, and we continue to project full year distributions of $2.3 billion, with roughly $300 million expected in the third quarter. We also invested $2 billion back into the business in the second quarter, resulting in free cash flow of $5.9 billion. That more than covered the total $3.3 billion we returned to shareholders in the quarter, as well as the $1.9 billion used to reduce total debt. These actions taken in combination with the $600 million in disposition proceeds and the repurchase of approximately $300 million in long-term investments, resulted in ending cash of $8.5 billion as of June 30. Turning to the second half. We provided a third quarter production guidance range of 1.7 million to 1.76 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, and reduced our full year production from 1.76 million to 1.74 million per day. That's primarily related to risking of projected production from Libya in the second half of the year, as well as some modest updates across the portfolio. Now in conjunction with these changes, we reduced DD&A guidance from $7.7 billion to $7.6 billion for the year. We also increased full year 2022 adjusted operating cost guidance to $7.5 billion from the prior $7.3 billion. Now this is reflecting commodity-related price impacts. We reduced guidance for the corporate segment loss from $1 billion to $900 million, primarily due to lower interest expense resulting from our recent debt reduction and higher interest earned on cash balances, along with some restructuring efforts. Operating capital guidance for the year remains unchanged at $7.8 billion. So to sum it up, we have delivered another strong quarter across all aspects of our triple mandate. Our diverse global asset portfolio continues to run well. We returned $3.3 billion to our shareholders in the second quarter, ended the quarter with $8.5 billion of cash and short-term investments and increased our full year return of capital target to $15 billion. We continue to strengthen our fortress balance sheet, and we have reduced total debt by $3 billion year-to-date. And we further enhanced our low-cost energy transition-oriented portfolio by expanding our current and future presence in the growing global LNG market and by joining the OGMP 2.0 initiative. Now with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question on line comes from Mr. Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: And Mark, you will be definitely missed, and congratulations to Phil, who, if you're listening on the line, looking forward to working with you in the new capacity. The first question is for you, Ryan. Big announcement in terms of incremental return of capital. And the questions we got from investors this morning, given there's a variable element to it, is should we think of this as being oil price dependent in any way? Or should we view this as a financial commitment from Conoco that no matter -- assuming reasonable market volatility, that's a number you can count on.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Neil, I think if you're thinking -- if your question is specific to 2022, I think you can count on this return coming back to the shareholders in 2022. We took a broad look at the market from the volatility perspective that you described and felt comfortable that we could increase the distributions to $15 billion using the three channels that we've been using in the past. So you can count on that in 2022.
Neil Mehta: And Ryan, I love your perspective on some of the long-term growth projects that the company is leaning into here. The announcement in Qatar, potential investment in U.S. Gulf Coast and then making progress on Alaska, how does that fit into the long-term Conoco strategy? And do you think that the company is taking a little bit more of a growth orientation here relative to just a free cash flow orientation?
Ryan Lance: Yes. I wouldn't describe it as a growth orientation. I think we -- long term, we want to grow and develop our company. We're trying to do things, first and foremost, they fit within our construct of cost of supply in our portfolio. So we recognize the volatility in the markets. We don't want to be investing anything that has a cost of supply over $40. We recognize we need to do that to generate the free cash flow and generate the returns on and of capital. So everything that we're doing is in service to that. Now we do recognize that certainly post-Ukrainian invasion, and we've had long held this view that gas is going to be more of a transition fuel as we transition to lower carbon alternatives going forward, and we wanted to play. We have a lot of capacity in the gas space, both LNG and natural gas. We've got a very large position in North America, both between Alaska, Canada and the U.S. Lower 48, and we wanted to augment that with additional LNG liquefaction capacity. So we've been looking at this for quite some time, and the opportunity presented itself with Sempra. So, yes, there's some added scope. And clearly, we've signaled for quite some time that we wanted to participate in the expansion projects in Qatar. We think that's some of the lowest-priced gas in the world, and it's going to fit well globally. It could be directed to both Asia and to Europe going forward. So I think everything we're doing is in service to our cost of supply monitor in terms of how we think about the investments that we want to make, and that we're interested in growing the development of the company over the long term, and we believe we're at the front end of a pretty constructive cycle in the commodity business going forward just given our view of the macro supply-demand dynamics in the business today. So when these fit with our construct around how we think about the projects we want to invest in, they make sense for the company, they're consistent with our capabilities and our stuff that we're really good at in the company. So they make sense. Sometimes you can't dictate the pace to these things. And when they come and make themselves available, we're very interested in participating, like the deal with the opportunity with Sempra on the Gulf Coast liquefaction.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Mr. Stephen Richardson from Evercore ISI.
Stephen Richardson: Great. I'd like to also thank Mark for all the help and wish him the best. He will definitely be missed. The first question, I guess, is just following up on those comments, Ryan, on Sempra. I was wondering if you could just maybe talk a little bit about, do you think about the returns here relative to the backward integration into your existing U.S. gas production? Do you think about it much more on a merchant basis? And also just curious if you could talk about like why this project relative to the other opportunities and variable you looked at in terms of more Gulf Coast gas?
Ryan Lance: Yes, Stephen. I think let me take the last one first a little bit. This was a permitted kind of shovel-ready project. We like the location, we know that area pretty well and we like the expansion opportunities that come with it and the optionality that it creates on the site, scale and scope, which is why we chose Sempra over some of the other opportunities that kind of presented themselves on the Gulf Coast. And also the action link that it has to the West Coast LNG that they have with their Mexican opportunities that are going on there. So it was a really good fit. We know Sempra pretty well. We've worked with them in the past. A good fit culturally to the company and consistent sort of culture in terms of how we think about the business, the markets and where natural gas is going globally. More to your first part, yes, we think about this in a very integrated fashion. So it's not only liquefaction, but it's moving it into the market, and that it's a recognition that with the transactions we've done over the last year and the core assets inside the portfolio in the Lower 48, both Canada and the Lower 48, we recognize we've got a large potential natural gas position. And we want to create value for that position in a very integrated fashion. So it's the integrated nature of the project. Not any one element, but they all tie together. The ability to supply gas supply gas to the liquefaction facility, the taking of the 5 million tonnes of commitment moving it into the markets that we know really well and getting into that fully integrated chain is what interested us the most.
Stephen Richardson: If I could just have a quick follow-up on -- there's some movement, it seems in Washington or at least discussions about cleaning up some of the permitting challenges that the industry face, particularly around NEPA. And I'm wondering if maybe you could talk a little bit about what would need to happen to kind of push Willow a little bit higher up. That's the one project, obviously, we think about when you hear about NEPA, but maybe you could address that, please.
Ryan Lance: Yes, NEPA needs reform, Stephen. It can take 10 years or more cycle time. And it's not just our industry, it's all industries, even the guys that I talked to that are wind developers and solar farm developers complain to the same thing. It takes a long time, the coordination through all the various government agencies that have responsibility within the NEPA for process and it just takes a lot of time. So having some better coordination, giving some deadlines to response times, giving good public comment review periods, but don't let them extend and definitely like this administration tends to do a little bit and past administrations have tended to do for that matter. So you have a NEPA process is in desperate need of reform to try to make it run smoother, quicker, and have coordinating groups shepherd this through the various agencies that have some responsibility through the course of the process. And I understand they're looking at that, maybe it's a companion bill to the Schumer-Manchin bill. So it gives us a little bit of question as to whether or not it will get done, but it is in desperate need of some NEPA reform. Now Willow specifically, we've been in this process a long time, so we're in the final throes of that. We've got the supplemental EIS statement through the Department of Interior, it's out in the public comment today. Again, we'd like to -- the public has had plenty of time to comment on this project. I think we know where everybody stands. So it's time to make a decision to move forward. And we look forward to that record of decision coming here later this year so we can get moving forward on the project. We think we've satisfied all the concerns that the federal judge has had, and we're ready to move forward.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: We'd also like to show our congratulations to Mark on your retirement, and thanks so much for your time, and you'll be very missed. Our first question maybe dovetails on Neil's question on cash returns. Just maybe digging in a little bit more. Does the increase primarily reflect a stronger-than-expected commodity price environment? Or are there other factors that are kind of driving the increase? I mean, I guess we had anticipated some kind of increase given we saw a really strong free cash flow outlook, but we thought it would be kind of walked up over time. So the $5 billion increase, it exceed our expectations. I think it exceeded the market's expectations. So any color on how you're thinking about future potential there would be great.
Ryan Lance: Jeanine, we look at a lot of things. We have an informed view of the supply-demand dynamics and the macro where it's going. There's a lot of volatility as you know in the market. So we wanted something that we could make sure that we could guarantee that we could deliver in 2022, even with the backward dated nature of the forward curve a little bit. But we have a pretty constructive on the commodity price. The other thing that kind of enters into our conversation is where we are on the balance sheet. We know we have a very, very strong balance sheet. We're interested in rebuilding a little bit of cash after the last transaction earlier this year that we spent some cash on, which has been a very good transaction for the company. We're really pleased with how that's going. And Jack can chime in on some of that if there's a later question. But I think it's -- where our cash position is on the balance sheet. We still want to build some cash on the balance sheet for the volatility we see in the market and the terms that we see going forward, but we're pretty constructive over the next few years on the commodity price. So we feel like the progress that we've made was pretty good that allowed us then to maybe increase the distribution back to the shareholders above and beyond maybe what the market might have been expecting over the last few months.
Jeanine Wai: Our second question, maybe moving to CapEx and inflation. It continues to be a pretty tough operating environment out there between inflation and a tight supply chain. Can you maybe discuss how your costs are trending versus your expectations? And we kind of thought Conoco would true up the CapEx budget for the recently announced participation in the North Field LNG project. But you reiterated the CapEx budget this morning. So if you're able to clarify for us if there's anything in the '22 budget for that participation, that would be very helpful.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Maybe I'll say a few high words. Obviously, inflation is still with us. It's staying with us. It's different around the old different pieces of the world. Maybe I can ask Bill to chime in on some of that. And then Nick, maybe you can address Jeanine's question specifically on the timing of NFE.
Bill Bullock: Yes, sure, Ryan. So Jeanine, we continue to expect our overall company inflation to be in the 7% to 8% range, and that's what's reflected in our capital guidance of $7.8 billion, just like we talked about in the first quarter call. Like everyone else, with our higher activity levels in Permian, that's where we're experiencing the most inflation, what we're watching, and we're continuing to keep an eye on that.
Nick Olds: Jeanine, this is Nick. Yes, this is on the North Field expansion. So obviously, we got the 25% equity in half a train. So to put that in perspective, Qatar Energy communicated that the total project, that's 4 trains of 8 million tons per ounce, so a total of 32 million is 29 billion for that. Our effective working interest is 3.125%. So if you take that, that gives us an estimated incremental CapEx of approximately $900 million for the NFE project. Now related to timing, as Ryan mentioned, this project has been going on for a couple of years with drilling and putting in platforms. So we'll have an initial catch-up payment for our share of the project costs, either late this year or early next, and that's not determined at this point in time. And with respect to start-up of first LNG as Qatar Energy has communicated, that is in 2026. Again, this would be incremental to any guidance.
Ryan Lance: Yes. So Jeanine, that's incremental. If it did -- if a catch-up payment that did occur this year, that would be incremental to the $7.8 billion that we guided to.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Mr. Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: And Mark, congratulations. You seem far too young man to retire, but you got to do what you got to do, right? Anyway, question I'd like to get on. It kind of comes back to the overall LNG and tying it together your existing operations, and obviously, the two new seems, I guess, one for sure and one likely investment. You're a big gas trader in the U.S., to some extent globally. I was just curious as does that create a new integrated sort of business we should think about down the road? And what would be the opportunities there? Probably gets a little bit back to Stephen's question about the return structure of the transaction overall with Sempra.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Let me -- I'll start that. Maybe I can have Bill chime in a little bit on the commercial aspects of what we're doing in this space. But you're right, Roger. I think we look at it, again, very integrated nature. So we're marketing 7 to 8 Bcf a day of gas every day in North America. So we're -- the opportunity to supply gas into a multiple train project at Port Arthur, Texas is intriguing to us, then our commitment to take the 5 million tons, we've got a lot of experience moving it into the market. Bill can describe. We got a commercial team in London. We got a commercial team in Singapore. We're used to both the European and the Asian markets. We'll figure out how best to move that 5 million tons and there may be a spot compliment to that. We don't know. We'll work that out as we go through. But that very integrated nature all the way from the supply side through taking the gas and selling it to customers is what was of interest to us in looking at it on an integrated fashion. I don't know, Bill, if there's any more color you might provide on the commercial side.
Bill Bullock: Yes. Sure, Ryan. Roger, as Ryan highlighted, is this integrated nature that's most exciting about it. We are one of the largest marketers in North America, certainly a top five marketer. I think lately, we're pushing number two. So we're very comfortable with supply, and we move orders of magnitude above our physical production. So the optionality that being able to supply LNG regas facilities is pretty interesting to us. It's also interesting to us in terms of ensuring strong flow assurance for our own production. And then we've got a history of well over 40 years of marketing LNG through Asia. We started the trade into Japan with our Kenai facility. We've been in the LNG business for quite a long time. As Ryan mentioned, we've got offices in London, Singapore and Japan. We've been moving spot volumes in the market here off of APLNG. And so it's a part of the market we know quite well and pretty excited about this integrated nature of being able to create value across that chain.
Ryan Lance: And the other part, Roger, I would say, Jack could chime in too here, but just the gas resource that we have as a result of the transactions over the last couple of years, we've got a very large, high-quality gas resource that we could -- we hope to be pivoting to over time to even supply a lot of this gas.
Roger Read: Yes, for sure. The other question, just coming back, you talked earlier about potential positives like a NEPA reorg and all that sort of thing. I was just wondering in the IRA bill with some of the issues on a methane tax, Conoco has certainly been ahead of the game on overall emissions reductions and everything. But is there anything in that or any of the other aspects of the bill, 15% minimum tax, things like that, we should think of as headwinds?
Ryan Lance: Well, I think, generally speaking, the Schumer-Manchin bill is I'm not sure if it's a good time ever to the increasing taxes and increasing government spending, just as a general economic policy, and that's a large part of what this bill goes to. Now specific to our industry, at least the agreement recognizes that natural gas and oil are an important part of the energy transition and they're going to be here for decades. So that's a positive. I think the methane feed to your point, it's got some books in it. We'll have to see how it develops over time and comes out with the extra regulation coming out of EPA. Our general view is if you're going to regulate it, why do you have to put a fee on top of that. We'll have to see how that's structured. It generally won't, as we understand it today, maybe impact companies like ConocoPhillips that have been very proactive in the emissions space. And you saw our OGMP 2.0 agreement to join that, specifically targeting methane itself. So at least the agreement incentivizes some carbon capture by addressing the 45Q. So it's uncertain right now. The earlier comment, I think, from Stephen on NEPA reform, too, there's supposed to be a companion bill that comes with this that addresses a lot of that, and that leaves a lot of uncertainty in the process. So kind of mixed views at this point in time, Roger.
Operator: Our next question on the line comes from Mr. Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Doug Blyth: And Mark, let me offer my congratulations to you as well. I'm not sure Mr. Gresh will be as much fun to travel with, but good luck in your retirement. I guess, Bill, maybe I could start with you. Last quarter, you talked about the U.S. business moving into full cash tax. I wonder if you could just give us an update as to whether we're there yet. And what -- when you wrap it all together with the rest of the portfolio, including the recent Norwegian changes, how should we think about the cash tax outlook for Conoco going forward?
Bill Bullock: Yes, sure. Happy to, Doug. We moved into a U.S. tax paying position in the second quarter. And of course, the amounts and timing through 2022 can vary depending on price and other market conditions. But the majority of our U.S. taxes in the second quarter were paid in cash with very minimal offsets from NOLs. And looking at the limitations on NOLs, we'd expect to be our tax payments through 2023 to be reduced only slightly, but not eliminated. So at a high level, we're in a cash tax paying position. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was about 32%. Moving forward, I expect our effective tax rate to stay in the mid-30s assuming production lines with our guidance and forward curves.
Doug Blyth: So basically, if there is an E&P, there's no impact from you guys, it sounds like?
Bill Bullock: Yes. If you're talking about the 15% corporate minimum tax pursuit proposed an IRA, we don't expect that to have any material impact on the company because we exceed a 15% minimum tax across our jurisdictions.
Doug Blyth: My follow-up is I wonder if I could try and tackle the CapEx question from a slightly different angle. When you wrap all of the moving parts together, cash tax is changing, obviously, a little bit of inflation on the operating costs. And then, of course, the overall capital budget an issue that going back to when Matt was around, we used to get a lot was the idea of what the sustaining capital breakeven was for the portfolio. So I wonder if I could ask you to, as you look to 2023, what does that look like? And obviously, gas prices have moved around as well. But if you could give us an update as to how you see that covering your sustaining capital as opposed to the total capital. And I'll leave it there.
Dominic Macklon: Yes. Thanks, Doug. It's Dominic here. Yes, there are some moving parts, and we'll be refreshing that as we pull our plans together. We're just going through our annual planning cycle right now. I mean, I think looking at this year, our actual breakeven this year is still calculating out around $30 a barrel capital breakeven. So sustaining capital around $6 billion. Now there's obviously some inflation pressure on that. But the way we think about sustaining capital is you're probably going to be focused on that in a lower macro world, if you like, and inflation not quite so high. So we still think that structurally, this year, we're in about -- sustaining capital would be about $6 billion. Clearly, that, with some long-cycle projects coming, longer cycle, low cost of supply projects coming, that will add to that for a temporary period, and we'll provide more information on that I expect by the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Mr. John Royall from JPMorgan.
John Royall: So just a question on your cadence of production in the Permian. I know you talked about it being back half weighted in the prior quarter and looks like a modest tick down in 2Q. So can you just speak to the cadence for the back half and expectations for 3Q versus 4Q? And then maybe just a broad update on your drilling program there.
Jack Harper : Yes. This is Jack. In general, the production in both the Lower 48 and in the Permian is back-half weighted, and we expect low single-digit growth year-over-year on a pro forma basis. But on an entry-exit basis, we expect Lower 48 to grow in the mid- to high single digits with the Permian at the higher end of that range. As for expectations for activity, good news is we're -- we plan to run steady in the back half of the year, and we are currently running the number of rigs that we plan to run for the rest of the year.
John Royall: Yes. And then if you could just give some color on crude realizations, looks really strong in the quarter when you look at your side there. Very strong across the board, but North Sea was particularly strong. So just anything going on there broadly or regionally to point out?
Bill Bullock: Yes, sure. If you look at our realizations overall, and we provided a summary of that in the supplemental information, total realizations for the quarter were about 78% of Brent. That's really driven by four factors as we look at it, John. First is, that's the narrowing of the Brent, WTI spread. Brent increased about 12%. WTI was about 15%. Henry Hub was up significantly more compared relative to Brent, it was up 44%. So that's impacting the total realizations. And then on the crude side, in particular, we had better realizations coming out of Alaska for the quarter. That's really last to returning to more of its normal type realizations. In the first quarter, you may recall we had an impact for our HollyFrontier refinery downtime in the first quarter that was impacting our prices. And then we saw better realizations out of Norway. That's really driven by cargo timing across the quarters. So that's really what's impacting our crude realizations across the company.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Mr. Paul Cheng from Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Let me add my congratulations to Mark. Thank you for the help over the years. Two quick questions, if I could. Ryan, a lot of your peers have been doing some bolt-on -- some pretty large bolt-on acquisitions in, say, whether you're seeing Bakken or that in Eagle Ford or in Permian. When you're looking at your portfolio, do you see a lot of opportunity for you to further firm up or that strengthen your portfolio in those three through the bolt-on acquisition or that you think the value proposition is not really that attractive? The second one is, will quick in the first half the split between dividend and buyback is roughly one-third dividend and two-third buyback. Is that a good proxy for us to assume on a going-forward basis we needed to your distribution?
Ryan Lance: Yes, Paul. We're in the market quite a bit. I think a lot of our focus right now in the Lower 48, and Jack can comment on as well as doing a lot of the core up. We noted that in some of our slides. So it's -- we've been a lot of focus right now on swapping and trading acreage with the large transaction that we did earlier this year to try to corp the acreage so we can make sure we're not drilling 1 mile, but we're drilling the -- we have the opportunity to drill the two and the three-mile laterals. We've seen a lot of the -- we looked at the bolt-on that you described. In the Bakken here more recently, we call all of the Eagle Ford. I guess, the bar is still pretty high in our company, and we're pretty -- we rigidly follow our $40 and $50 cost of supply cutoffs. So all in, any acquisition comes in have to have a lower than $50 and the future exploitation of the asset has to have something that's lower than $40 to compete in our portfolio. So the margin is pretty high. We watch all of them, and we're doing a few of them, but more of them are around the swaps in the Permian. I don't know, Jack, you might -- if you have anything to add there at all.
Jack Harper: Yes. I would just add that since the Concho deal closed at the beginning of last year, the team has done 15 of these swaps and trades in the Permian this quarter, about 25,000 acres. And we have about that same number of deals in various stages currently. And the significance about that amount of acreage is that's at least a year's worth of Permian drilling activity, all of those extended lateral lengths.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Jack. And on to your second part, Paul, I think the thing to remember this year is there's a little bit of the buyback pace was influenced by the swap that we had with Cenovus swapping out of the shares that we own there into the shares of ConocoPhillips. But we're going to watch the market. Obviously, we're going to watch where our share prices are trading and how much we put to the cash side of it versus the share buyback. I'd say somewhere in that two-third, one-third, so 60%, 40% is probably something that you should expect for the year, this year. And then we'll relook at that, revisit that next year as we go through our planning process. And that includes the typical fourth quarter increase to the ordinary dividend. We'll take that under advisement with the Board and be thinking about that. That cash return portion as we think about the market and think about where the company is positioned. But I think roughly what you see this year is probably something closer to a 60-40 split between buybacks and cash.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Mr. Bob Brackett from Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett: Please add my voice to the chorus praising Mark as well. I'll come back to the Willow question. It's my understanding that the 45-day comment period ends at the end of this month. Can you talk about what the path towards FID following that looks like? What are the various steps? And can you talk about the various alternatives proposed in the supplemental as you think about the cost benefit of those?
Nick Olds: Yes, Bob, this is Nick. You're right, the 45-day comment period has commenced. And again, just kind of backing up, that's a key milestone for the BLM to publish the draft SEIS on July 8. Now to your question on project schedule, we wouldn't take FID until we get the final SEIS and in a supportive record of decision by the BLM. And so that would allow us to move forward with Willow construction. Now related to FID, we would probably see that at the earliest later this year, and most likely early next. Now we are planning as far as scheduled to commence a 2022, 2023 winter construction season assuming we had a very favorable record of decision. Now that will allow us, Bob, to do civil construction and start putting roads in place for the project. I'll come to the alternatives here in a second. We do continue to work on detailed engineering to refine cost and schedule, as well as the final development modifications. And the reason I raised the developed modifications is in the current SEIS, there's a new alternative, Alternative E, that is responsive to the Alaska District Court order. And that is to minimize or reduce the surface impact on the Teshekpuk Lake Special Area. So that alternative, we think is a good path forward. It reduces the surface infrastructure and still maintains the estimated recoverable resources that we communicated in the market update of about 600 million barrels. Still looking, Bob, at 180,000 barrels a day gross before royalty for the project. Again, we're committed to Willow, and it remains competitive in the portfolio. We continue to see very strong stakeholder support, including the Alaska Congressional Delegation, the trades and unions. So the key thing is really looking forward to that final SEIS and a supportive record of decision.
Operator: Our next question in line comes from Mr. Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: My first question just on value creation. Specifically, you've got a great formulating plan out there talking about 30% plus of the cash from ops going to shareholders. And I'm just wondering -- and then also what appears to be certainly higher than growth, pure growth average production, which I'd like to see. So I'm wondering, how do you all anticipate sort of a go-forward best trading value for shareholders? Do you look at per share growth metrics? Or what is the best way you like to define it.
Ryan Lance: Well, Neal, we look at all the different ways of thinking about shareholder value. And I think it starts to your point earlier that we have a commitment to return at least 30% of the cash from operations. Not free cash flow, cash from operations back to the shareholder. If you look at our track record, it's been well over 40% as the commodity prices strengthened and the quality of the investment program and what we're doing continue to lower cost of supply has been sort of an active mantra inside the company. So I'd say what we're trying to do is reduce our capital intensity. We're trying to manage the capital as low as we can for the scope that we'd like to commit. So we go into our planning cycle thinking what is our view of the macro and that sets an amount. We can afford the capital we can invest, having taken 30% of our cash right off the top. We think that's a better value proposition to the shareholders rather than just focusing on either growth or return to capital. So it is a combination of the two. We want to grow and develop the company over the long haul. We want to make sure that the shareholders are getting an adequate part of that cash back right off the top. So we have to live with the capital or the cash that's left over. And then in the course of that, we recognize that the value of the balance sheet, which is like another asset, a huge asset inside the company, and we want to make sure that the balance sheet is as strong as it possible, which means we'll carry some cash and we'll carry some cash on the balance sheet because of the volatility we see in the commodity markets, the scope that we want to execute to grow and develop the company and we're not shooting -- we don't have a growth target in mind. It's an output from our plans to make sure that we're maximizing our returns on and of capital. So we'll adjust our plans to make sure that we're hitting those two really key components, returns on and of capital. And then out of that comes a production number and a sequencing of the projects to allow the further growth in the development of the company over the long haul.
Neal Dingmann: Yes, I love that financial flexibility, Ryan. I mean, a lot of even the bigger ones don't have it right now. And then lastly, maybe just a question for Jack on domestic OFS inflation. Jack, is it prudent to lock in other than rigs? Are you thinking about locking in maybe some other long-term contracts? I guess, where I'm going with this is, I heard some folks out there are lock-in pipe even though they can't technically lock in the price, whatever it is, 6 months, 9 months from now. And so I'm just thinking, as you see the tightness out there right now, what are you guys doing to mitigate that?
Jack Harper: Sure. We value flexibility in general in the program. We do have some modest amount of our rigs and frac spreads contracted. But what we're doing to mitigate that are several things. I mentioned those swaps and trades earlier. By the end of this year, we will have been able to drill 80 3-mile wells in the Permian over the last two years. We're drilling those wells faster. We're employing some frac technology in various places. And we're also keeping our programs steady, which we really have always valued, keeping a steady program and also keeping competition amongst our vendors, and we have all those things in place right now. So we're doing all we can, but there is still inflation out there.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Mr. Leo Mariani from MKM Partners.
Leo Mariani: I was hoping to get a little bit more color around kind of your longer-term LNG plans. Obviously, you guys have entered into a number of facilities, which will, I guess, come online in a handful of years. But some of the prepared comments, you guys referred to kind of reassessing some of your domestic maybe just North America and overall gas potential as potential feedstock for some of these. So any just color around that? I mean, as you look to start-up date, is it possible you could be drilling more for gas here in the U.S. in a couple of years in ready debt feedstock for delivering into some of these facilities? And it sounds like that might be an economically advantageous thing for you to do.
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think, Leo, we're trying to think ahead as well and it may spur some different sort of development plans inside our Lower 48 Canadian portfolios. But just a recognition that we have quite a bit of gas resource and its associated gas primarily that comes with the oil production that we're doing. But we're thinking about that in terms of what the pipe add and the capacity adds coming both to the Gulf Coast and going west to California and down to Mexico. So we're -- as Bill described earlier, we're a top three gas marketer in North America. So we know where these markets are going. We have an informed view of where these markets are going and how we can supply gas into those markets. And to make sure to the extent there's an arbitrage between domestic Henry Hub and Europe and Asian prices that we have the opportunity to step into that and take advantage of that arbitrage. And we're not just stuck with one marker in North America that we're selling our gas to. So it is a very integrated look at it and a very informed look at it to make sure that when we see that these arbitrages open up between the various regions around the globe that we can take advantage of that and be in a position to take advantage of that when others can't do it.
Leo Mariani: And then just a quick question on the Eagle Ford for you folks. I certainly noticed there was a pretty healthy jump in production in the Eagle Ford this quarter. Had kind of been declining a little bit in the last handful of quarters. Is that kind of maybe now firmly back in growth mode? I know you guys have alluded to the past to kind of ramping that up in the next couple of years. And maybe this quarter, it was just better than expected, maybe you had a number of chunky pads come online all at once that kind of drove it. But just thoughts on Eagle Ford growth, is that going to continue to be sharply growing asset through the end of the year into next year?
Jack Harper: This is Jack again. Good question. Yes, first of all, I'm very proud of the work the team is doing down in the Eagle Ford in all aspects of the business. But in the second quarter, specifically, there were some disproportionately weighted completions in the Eagle Ford. We're also having great success continuing that refrac program there. And in general, the Eagle Ford is growing towards its plateaued production, but it's not there yet. So it will be a continued source of Lower 48 production growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Raphaël DuBois from Societe Generale.
Raphaël DuBois: The first one is related to Qatar NFE. It will be very helpful if you could maybe give us a bit more color so that we can model what you will learn through this deal. For instance, can you maybe clarify whether the gas to be sold will be oil-linked or will it be linked to a gas price hub? Any premium maybe to expect from the fact it will be a low carbon footprint? Or maybe can you compare the profitability of NFE with your two other LNG participations? That would be very helpful.
Bill Bullock: I can certainly start.
Ryan Lance: Let me start, and I'll kick it to Bill a little bit. I think a lot of that is still work to be done. I think Raphaël, in terms of the marketing of the gas will probably follow very similar approaches to what Qatar has done in the past. But Bill can supply a little bit of view. I think the focus of the project right now is the construction in EPC.
Bill Bullock: Yes, I think that's right, Ryan. And I would just reflect on Cutter Gas and Cutter Energy has been very, very successful. They're one of the largest gas LNG marketers in the world. They've been very successful about placing those volumes and the project will continue to have those places through that format. So I think it watch this space, but just reflect that Cutter Gas, Cutter Energy have been very, very effective at placing gas over time into valued markets.
Raphaël DuBois: And maybe another question. At full year results, you give us your thoughts on the increase in U.S. supply we should expect. And if memory is right, you mentioned 900,000 barrels per day. I was wondering if you could maybe refresh that thought 8 months into the year? And maybe give us your initial thoughts for the next couple of years.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Raphaël, I think we're still in that 900,000 barrel a day. And let me -- that's an exit -- to exit sort of entry to exit kind of number for 2022. And we see maybe a similar but maybe slightly lower number as we go into 2023 if these commodity prices stay at the kind of levels that we're seeing and we get the inflationary forces that we're seeing in the Lower 48 and the constraints there are on the supply chain and on labor and some of the other key pieces of the spend that this industry does in the Permian primarily. So yes, we're pretty -- those are the kind of entry to exit kind of rates that we see for this year and next year.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mark Keener for closing remarks.
Mark Keener: Thanks, Richard, and thanks to all who joined today's call. And finally, thank you all for the kind sentiments. They are appreciated. And with that, I'll pass it back to you to wrap this up, Richard. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 12:00:00) =====
Mark Keener: [Technical Difficulty]. During the call, we'll make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Of course, actual results may differ due to the factors described in today's release and our periodic SEC filings. And finally, we'll also make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's release and on our website. And with that, let me turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Mark. Before we get into the results for the quarter, I'd like to touch on a couple of other items that are top of mind for us. The first is the war in Ukraine. In a world already ravaged by the pandemic, this unprovoked invasion is having tragic consequences as we all see in heartbreaking detail in the news every day. The bravery of the Ukrainian people is inspiring, and we pray for a peaceful resolution at the earliest possible moment.  This deeply troubling war is also disrupting supply chains at a time of recovering global economic growth and energy demand. It is affecting every aspect of the global economy and impacting the energy security of our allies in Europe, and it's driving significant volatility in commodity prices. We are fortunate that the United States has abundant resources to ensure our own energy security. These resources also provide vital geopolitical benefits. Secure U.S. energy exports serve as a market stabilizing factor, enabling our allies to better withstand energy blackmail by hostile and unreliable resources.  Like the rest of industry, we've quickly restored activity levels from the lows driven by the pandemic-related energy price collapse despite lingering service and supply chain shortages, infrastructure permitting delays and lag time required for workforce and equipment redeployment. As a result, total U.S. oil and gas production is growing meaningfully despite these headwinds. And ConocoPhillips will continue to do our part as we fulfill our triple mandate of reliably and responsibly meeting energy transition demand, delivering competitive returns on and of capital and achieving our net zero ambition.  Now the other topic I'd like to touch on are the leadership changes we announced a couple of days ago. I suspect you all saw the release on Monday, but for those who might have missed it, Tim will be transitioning from leading our Lower 48 business, which he's done incredibly well since we combined companies a little over a year ago, to serving in an advisory role to myself and the entire leadership team. Tim has truly been an industry visionary founding Concho almost 20 years ago, and growing it into one of the Permian's largest and best run companies before joining ConocoPhillips. He's also been instrumental in driving value realization as we've integrated the assets into the company. I'm appreciative that we'll continue to benefit from Tim's significant experience and strategic relationships in his new capacity and of course, as a member of our Board.  I'm also very pleased to welcome Jack Harper, who most of you know, to our leadership team as Executive Vice President of our Lower 48 business. Jack is an experienced proven leader who will help ensure that our Lower 48 business fulfills its key role in delivering on our triple mandate.  Reflecting now in the quarter. Once again, we've made significant progress working on all levers across the company. We efficiently and safely delivered our capital scope globally and successfully integrated the Shell Permian assets. We also took important steps to further strengthen our balance sheet and continue to upgrade our portfolio, with the sale of our mature Indonesian business and the acquisition of an additional 10% stake in our long-life, high-quality APLNG business. We're running well and with very strong financial performance.  Now building on 2 very successful Permian transactions, we have truly transformed ConocoPhillips. We're a premier E&P company with a large low cost of supply, low-aged GHD intensity resource base, returns-focused strategy and the balance sheet strength to thrive through the price cycles of the evolving energy transition. And underscoring this last point, we also recently published our plan for our net zero energy transition, which is available on our website.  I'm going to let Bill cover the first quarter results. But before turning the call over to him, on the topic of returns, I want to highlight the fact that for the second consecutive quarter, we've again increased our targeted 2022 shareholder distributions, this time with an incremental $2 billion or a 25% increase to be distributed through the blend of share repurchases and additional variable cash return. We continue to make significant strides in all elements of our triple mandate. And as you know, we have now a 5-plus year track record of returning well over 30% of our CFO to our shareholders. The increased $10 billion target for 2022 further demonstrates our commitment to return significant value to investors through the price cycles.  So now let me turn the call over to Bill, and he'll cover the results for the quarter, starting with our returns on capital.
William Bullock: Picking up where Ryan left off, we generated a return on capital employed of 19% on a trailing 12-month basis. That's 21% on a cash adjusted basis. We understand and appreciate that returns on and of capital matter to our investors, and we are fully focused on delivering to our shareholders.  In the first quarter of 2022, we generated $3.27 per share in adjusted earnings. That's driven by strong realized prices and production of 1,747,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, a record level of production since we became an independent E&P 10 years ago and is bolstered by our 2 highly accretive Permian acquisitions over the past 18 months. Lower 48 production averaged 967,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the quarter, including 640,000 from the Permian, 208,000 from Eagle Ford and 97,000 from the Bakken.  Operations across the rest of our global portfolio also ran well, allowing us to generate $7 billion in cash from operations, excluding working capital in the quarter. We also continue to enhance our low cost of supply, low greenhouse gas intensity portfolio, closing on both the sale of our Indonesian assets and the acquisition of an additional 10% of APLNG, taking ownership there to 47.5%. Both of these transactions enhance our overall margins going forward.  Illustrating this point, we realized roughly $500 million in cash distributions from APLNG in the first quarter, and we've already received $400 million so far in the second quarter. While the full year distributions will continue to depend on prices going forward, if you assume Brent averages $100 per barrel for the year, we would expect roughly $2.3 billion of total distributions from APLNG in 2022.  Turning back to focus on the first quarter. In addition to the $7 billion in CFO, we generated $1.4 billion in cash to the sale of our remaining 93 million shares of Synovis. And this $1.4 billion fully refunded the share repurchased here of our $2.3 billion total returns to shareholders in the quarter. We also made significant strides toward our $5 billion debt reduction target, executing a successful refinancing through which we reduced our total debt by $1.2 billion. We decreased our annual interest expense by about $100 million and extended our overall debt maturity by 3 years.  Also in April, we called our $1.3 billion note, which was due in 2026. So we'll have achieved approximately half of our $5 billion debt reduction target by the end of May. And with the progress we've made in the first 2 quarters of this year and our remaining natural maturities, we'll reduce our debt by $3.3 billion this year. We are now positioned to meet our overall $5 billion reduction target in 2025. That's 1 year earlier than our prior projections.  As you will have noted, we also invested roughly $1.8 billion back into the business in the first quarter of the year. While this is ratable with the $7.2 billion full year capital estimate we provided last December, we're increasing our guidance to $7.8 billion. About half of the increase is due to additional low cost of supply drilling and completion activity in some of our partner-operated areas in the Lower 48. And the rest is modestly higher inflation, as we believe such supply chain constraints will be prolonged as a result of the ongoing conflict in the Ukraine.  From a reduction standpoint, we've adjusted our full year target from an approximate 1.8 million barrels of oil equivalent per day to roughly 1.76 million per day. That's reflecting the net impact of closed A&D activity through this point in the year as well as some expected impacts from weather and well timing.  So we've had a strong quarter to open the year. We've returned $2.3 billion to our shareholders and ended the quarter with $7.5 billion of cash and short-term investments. We further enhanced our low-cost supply portfolio, and we strengthened our balance sheet. And of course, our operations around the globe are well positioned to deliver on our commitments through the rest of this year and through the energy transition that's ahead of us.  With that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We have a question from Jeanine Wai from Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Our first question, maybe to you is, we know you're committed to returning at least 30% of cash flow every year, year in, year out. Can you talk about how you decided on the new $10 billion level for the total return this year? I guess just assuming strip prices that equals to 35% of at least our forecasted cash flow and that's below the 2021 level of 38% and it's below the 5-year average prior to that. We know cash balances look very, very strong, and they're growing throughout the year. and that will probably be supplemented by some divestiture proceeds as well.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Jeanine. No, we look at this quarterly review with the Board quarterly. We take an informed view of what we think the macro and the outlook for commodity prices is going to be for the rest of the year. I'd say we're -- we moved to $10 billion because we certainly felt like commodity price outlook is going to be probably above $90 a barrel and depending on where things end for the year and that supported going from $8 billion to $10 billion. And again, that's anchored in our commitment to return at least 30% of our cash flow back to our shareholders.  And as you noted correctly, over the last 4 to 5 years, we've delivered even more of that and prepared to do that, should the market support that as we go forward.  The other I can say is you can see that cash is rebuilding on the balance sheet a little bit as a result of the check we wrote at the end of the year. We have a desire, we want to put some more cash on the balance sheet to do that. So at the same time, we want to keep funding our stable capital program. So as we looked at it, we certainly thought we could afford moving to $10 billion. And that's supported by even if prices were to fall below $90 for whatever reason or if they continue to stay strong, investors should expect, calculate our cash flow, and you should expect to get a minimum of 30% of that back as we go through the year. That's been our commitment for many, many years now, and we're just living up to that commitment via these strong prices we see in the market.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. Our follow-up question is maybe moving to natural gas. So Conoco, you're in a unique position among your E&P peers in that you've got a lot of scale and also the location of your resource base, especially what you have in the Permian with your really strong marketing and takeaway position there.  So maybe can you discuss how your view of Conoco's role in both the U.S. natural gas market and on the global scale? How that's really changed over the past 6 months or so? And perhaps any color you might have on your opportunity set as it relates to that would be really interesting.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Jeanine. I guess, long term, today, we're about 30% of our portfolio is natural gas. If you look at our global position, a lot of that here domestically in the U.S. and then globally with our LNG exposure. We're pretty big fans of LNG. We think the Asian market and the European market, obviously, as a result of this invasion of Ukraine, has bolstered sort of the international gas side of it, which is why you see us doing things like competing for another train in Qatar and why we preempted on our APLNG interest in Australia. So we understand LNG and we'd like to get into that full value chain of that LNG.  Here domestically in the U.S., we have a large gas position as well. And the beauty of our cost of supply model is it's a bit indifferent to gas and oil, but we are asking ourselves, has there been a disconnect on the gas side and what do we -- what should we be interested in. And certainly, LNG from the U.S. to Europe or other places is something of interest as long as we can be in that full value chain. We're not necessarily interested in just being in the liquefaction tolling business, that if we get exposed to that full value chain, that's something that we would be interested in looking at, given the nature of the gas business that's out there today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: The first question is around the capital guidance moving from $7.2 billion to $7.7 billion. I think this was well telegraphed and certainly, we're in an inflationary environment. But would love your perspective on the components of some of those moving pieces. And as we get an early thought into 2023 and normalized spending levels, how much of this does carry forward?
Ryan Lance: Yes, Neil, I think what Bill tried to describe in the call transcript a little bit was we've upped our capital from $7.2 billion to $7.8 billion. And roughly half of that is extra activity that's ongoing across our Lower 48 by other operators. And these are good opportunities that are low-cost supply, very competitive in the portfolio, and we certainly don't want to be drilled out of any opportunities. So we are funding those kinds of opportunities as we go along.  The other half is inflationary driven. And I would take you back to -- we set our budget at the end of last year in December. We talked about it in our fourth quarter call, where our view of the world at the time was coming out of the pandemic, we thought we were seeing some elevated inflation rates, primarily in the Permian. But the rest of the portfolio, we didn't see as much impact. So we were thinking in the order of mid-single digit kind of inflation rates across the whole global portfolio.  And currently, since the Ukrainian -- and we also thought at the time that, that would abate itself in the last half of the year, as supply chains got renormalized coming out of the COVID pandemic. And certainly, after the Ukrainian invasion, we're seeing now inflationary forces across the entire global portfolio, with certain hotspots clearly still in the Permian and on certain categories of spend like labor and rigs, steel, pipes, chemicals, and some of the key categories of spend that our industry relies upon.  So -- and I guess whether it mitigates as we go into 2023, is really a question of when does this -- all this turmoil that's going on around the world start to renormalize and get back a little bit. And at this 10 seconds, it's hard to say that that's going to renormalize anytime soon. So I think it's here with us for a while. I don't think it's transitory, and we're going to have to deal with it.  The last thing I would say is we could have chose to cut scope. We could have cut our operated scope in order to try to manage to a number. And given the current macroenvironment, that didn't make sense to us. So that's why we have raised our capital guidance for the year to $7.8 billion.
Neil Mehta: Makes a lot of sense, Ryan. And that's the follow-up, it's on Russia and the Ukraine war. How does this structurally change the way that you think about the company and the oil and gas industry? And there are a couple of components to that question. Does it make it more likely that the market is going to be more accepting of sanctioning of long lead time projects, whether in Alaska or elsewhere? Does this change -- does it change where you ultimately want to invest?  And then can you talk real time about what you're seeing in terms of Russia volumes as you guys explore -- follow the oil macro really closely? And how you see that playing out in the back half of the year, recognizing you don't have frontline operations, but you follow the situation very closely?
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think we all are, Neil, trying to figure it all out. I think we've seen sort of an immediate 1 million barrels a day of Russian crude off the market. Our expectation at this juncture is we're expecting probably 2 million to 3 million barrels a day of Russian crude with all the conversations going on in Europe right now to stop both products and oil imports into Europe. We're expecting that 2 million to 3 million barrels a day being taken off the market. And that's going to be tough for the supply to ratchet up.  So we think about that, that's happening on the supply side. While on the demand side, there's a little bit of uncertainty with what's going on in China and another COVID. Our view of the demand side is we'll probably average close to 100 million barrels a day this year, which is kind of that pre-pandemic demand level, but we see growth in demand coming. Now that could be -- that could get slowed if another wave of COVID impacts the whole world. We don't see that as part of our base case. So we see demand continuing to grow over the next couple of years.  And it will be tough if we take 2 million to 3 million barrels a day of additional Russian supply off the market, it will be tough for supply to keep up in the short and medium term. So it does have an impact as we think about the need for medium- and longer-cycle projects, the need for a call on more U.S. growth, which I think is coming this year. We think probably 1 million barrels a day and something similar next year. And I think it does kind of change the view angle on medium- and longer-cycle projects long term because of the underinvestment in the industry, with the demand growth continuing and supply being challenged to keep up with that.  And then what that means back for the company is we're spending a lot of time rethinking a longer term or medium and longer-term macro, what the energy transition has in store and how quickly that might start to abate demand. And I think the immediate manifestation is what is your view of mid-cycle pricing over the short, medium and longer term right now.  And while I don't think that impacts our capital allocation scheme and our cost of supply methodology and how we think about allocating capital, it does maybe at the broader level when you think about how much you have available for distributions and then what channels should you be distributing that capital to. And we have a three-tiered system, as you're aware of, our ordinary -- we'd like to ratably buy shares through the cycles. And then we introduced our third tier, the cash return VROC to supplement that in these times when prices are well in excess of what we think a mid-cycle might be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan.
Philip Gresh: My first question is just on the Permian. In the first quarter, the quarter-over-quarter increase in production looked to have been below the amount of the acquired volumes from Shell. And I recognize there's quarter-to-quarter variability, but I was just wondering if you could talk about some of those moving pieces, but also more importantly, just how you're thinking about that cadence of activity for the rest of the year, given what you're talking about around OBO activity and other factors?
Timothy Leach: Yes, Phil, this is Tim. I'll take that one. we've been really pleased -- let me first say, I'm really pleased with the way the team has integrated the Shell assets into our overall company and activity. They've done a great job. It's been a safe combination. And we have just now begun bringing wells online with our vendors and our style of completion and things like that. So if you look at the pace of activity in the Lower 48, we were going to bring on 500 completed wells throughout the year. I think we brought on 90 in the first quarter. And so it's always been back-end loaded and building on a ramp of -- we closed the quarter with 22 drilling rigs in the Lower 48 and 8 frac spreads. And we planned -- when we rolled out our 10-year plan and guidance, we were going to build that over the next 10 years. And we're still on track to deliver all that type of activity. And so that's the plan we're on. That's what Ryan described as not cutting our capital back, but trying to run a steady ship and get the most efficiency out of it. So if you look at the ramp in activity throughout the year, that's true across our asset base, especially true in the Permian, 500 completed wells brought on throughout the entire year, but 90 in the first quarter. So it's going to build and be back-end loaded.
Philip Gresh: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Second question, I think, would be for Bill. Clearly, significant reductions in net debt in the first quarter. You talked about the pay down of the gross debt and the targets you have there. I'm curious how you think about the right levels of net debt or cash that you're holding because I think you also have, what, $2 billion to $3 billion of asset sales still coming here. So it just seems like you -- even with the $10 billion return of capital, there's a lot of cash building up. So any additional color there?
William Bullock: Yes. Sure, Phil. So I think that you can see it manifesting itself in the rebuild of our balance sheet with our cash growing to $7.5 billion. I think we're pretty happy right now with our pace in terms of debt reduction and how the program is set up. We've got our glide path set up for the next 5 years. So I think you can look at just the natural maturities as we go through time. And I think we've been pretty opportunistic in the market to set that up and are quite happy with where that's at.  But I think as you rightly noted, that we'll be continuing to build up cash on the balance sheet. We're looking forward to some asset dispositions here later part of this year, and that's going to be going to generating cash.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: May I first say, Tim, it sounds like we're going to hear a little less from you in the future. And whatever you do next, I just want to say good luck, it's been great getting to know you over the last 10 years. So with that, I have 2 questions, if I may. My first one is probably for Bill. And I just wonder if you could give us an update, Bill, with all the changes, given the Shell acquisition and obviously Concho, what is your current deferred tax position in the U.S.? When do you expect to see full cash taxes there? And my second question, if I may, is a big picture question for Ryan. Ryan, there's been 2 things came out, I guess, climate-related recently. One is the proposal from the SEC on climate disclosure and the second is the API's suggestion of a carbon tax. I'm just wondering if you could offer Conoco's perspective on those issues, please.
Ryan Lance: Great. I'll let Bill talk about the cash tax, and then I can address the last part. But I would say, Tim is not leaving us, Doug. We look forward to his continued involvement in all the key decisions in the company. So -- but let me turn it back to Bill first.
William Bullock: Yes. Sure, Doug. Assuming that current pricing continues, we would expect to be moving into a U.S. tax paying position this year with payments beginning quarterly starting this quarter, in the second quarter. Of course, the amounts and timing are going to vary depending on pricing and other market conditions, but we do expect to return to a cash tax paying position this year and starting to make estimated payments in this quarter.
Ryan Lance: And with respect to your last part, Doug, certainly, we're all kind of reviewing in quite a bit of detail what the current climate suggestions that have come out of the SEC in the rule-making process. We'll be commenting on that as part of industry as well. They're a bit problematic. I mean, we said all along, we're supportive of doing everything a company can do on Scope 1 and Scope 2 reductions as a company. And we came out with our ambition to be Paris aligned and net zero by 2050 with respect to the emissions that we produce as a company. And all companies ought to have a Paris-aligned climate risk strategy in order to address that to deal with the emissions they create. I guess the problematic piece has always been the Scope 3 because of the double counting, because of who's responsible for that, and should you hold a company like ConocoPhillips responsible for a consumer's decision to buy a pickup truck versus a Toyota Prius. And I think those are things in the Scope 3 side of things that we think are problematic. If you report them, they change. They're subject to double counting. And they have a lot of problems associated with how you might actually report against those certainly in an SEC sort of document that has to be included in your Qs or your Ks. It's, we think, quite problematic, which is why for quite a while as a company, we've been supportive of if you want to impact the demand side of the equation, you need to do something like a carbon tax. So we've been a part of API and a part of that decision process within our industry association to say the best way to deal with this on the demand side is to have a heavy carbon tax. So we were a founding member of the Climate Leadership Council with the dividend back to offset the regressive nature of attacks. But -- so consumers can make choices and decisions around the kinds of services and goods that they supply and understand what the carbon impact of that might be. We understand that that's a political hill to climb, and it's tough. But it makes more sense to us than trying to regulate your way to a solution that let the markets work and price carbon into the market, which is why we've been supportive of that as a better way to deal with the energy transition.
Doug Leggate: You've been leaders on this topic, Ryan, so I appreciate the answer.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotia Howard Weil.
Paul Cheng: Two questions. I think it's actually really short. First one, I want to go back into the cash tax. Bill, from an accounting standpoint, do you estimate the full year cash tax rate and then apply throughout the year in each quarter until the full year estimate has been changed over each quarter that's being estimated? That's the first question. The second question, I think, is for Tim. Also real quick, what is the first quarter weather impact on your production by region or by the different play? And also that what's the second quarter weather impact in Bakken that we see so far?
William Bullock: Yes, sure, Paul. So for U.S. cash tax paying position, we estimate our annual taxes on a yearly basis and then we pay quarterly on estimated taxes. And as I indicated, we expect to start making those quarterly payments in the second quarter of this year.
Timothy Leach: Yes, Paul, on the weather question, we had weather impact in all our major basins in the first quarter. It was -- I'm really proud of how the team responded to that. We got things back on fairly quickly. I would say the weather impact, while it affected almost all of our production, it was rather nominal, and we were able to overcome that. As to the second part of your question about up in the Bakken. I think everybody is aware that is probably the most severe winter in recorded history up in North Dakota, and we're still assessing the amount of time it's going to take to bring that back up to full production. So I think the assessment is still going on there.
Nicholas Olds: Paul, this is Nick, too. I'll just add on to what Tim was saying related to turnaround impacts for Q2 and Q3. So Q2, we've got a fairly large turnaround activity, both in Norway nonoperated and operated as well as Surmont. So that will average about 35,000 barrels a day for Q2. And then we have less activity in Q3, and that's focused on Alaska, Train 2, APLNG, and then Montney and Canada and that will be 15,000 for Q3. So 35,000, Q2; 15,000 for Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Freeman from Raymond James.
John Freeman: First question, Ryan, when you were talking about just given everything that's happened in the market, how you have to constantly kind of be evaluating the sort of a 10-year sort of macro and energy transition, demand impact, your view of mid-cycle pricing. And then one of the things that you mentioned that I was hoping you maybe expand a little bit on, as you said, maybe it would possibly change the view of how you think about kind of short cycle versus long cycle production?
Ryan Lance: Yes, John, I'm just trying to make the point that I think the transition is not going to be a cliff transition. It's going to be a drawn out one and the pace of that -- the slope of that curve is pretty unknown. So the way you react to that is have the lowest cost of supply barrels that you can supply whatever that transition demand is going to look like and make sure that they're giving an adequate and competitive return. And I think we're well set up to go do that. And the point I was making is that the -- in all these scenarios, even some of the IEA scenarios that they look at and we monitor 4 or 5 different scenarios internally to the company, most of those suggest that there's going to be a need for oil and gas long past 2050. So -- but we have to supply that sustainably. We have to supply that with a low GHG intensity going to net zero by 2050 but we also have to supply low cost of barrels. So when you look at that, it's going to be around a long time. So sure, medium- and longer-cycle projects are going to be needed in this industry. We just have to assure ourselves that they're competitive on a cost of supply basis and then they have a competitive GHG intensity as well. And so projects like Willow and Alaska fit that mode. They're well under a $40 cost of supply. They are less than $10 a kilogram per barrel of CO2 intensity. So they fit well within what the world is going to need in order to ratably and reliably supply the energy to a growing world where energy demand is going to be increasing over time. We have to figure out how to do that more sustainably.
John Freeman: And then my follow-up question for Tim and Jack. I know on the Shell assets, you all stated in the past that the biggest opportunity there is transitioning from the 1 mile of the 2-mile laterals and to accomplish that, that's going to require coring up a lot of that acreage with some of the partners. And just kind of wanted an update sort of how that's progressing. And then if all sort of goes according to plan, kind of what would be a reasonable amount of that acreage that could be done with 2-mile-plus laterals?
Nicholas Olds: Yes. Thank you, John. We're -- these trades and swaps are a core competency of the team. So we're continuing that. The -- we've seen good opportunity there, and it's starting to manifest itself in some longer laterals, both on the operated and the nonop on the Shell assets, and I expect that to continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leo Mariani from KeyBanc.
Leo Mariani: Just wanted to follow up a little bit on some of your comments around LNG here. Really, what I'm just trying to get a sense of is, do you all at Conoco, through your kind of extensive global marketing footprint, think can the U.S. really do anything in the next couple of years, say, '23 and '24 to add any incremental LNG export capacity at this point in time? Or are those adds more kind of mid-decade and beyond? Just trying to get a sense of whether or not there can be more material connectivity between Europe and Asia and the U.S. in the next few years.
William Bullock: Yes. Sure, Leo, this is Bill. I think that if you look at LNG export capacity today, it's running a little over 12 Bcf a day. The U.S. export terminals are running effectively at capacity or slightly above nameplate. I think that you've got several folks who are out in the market who are looking at taking FID, but there's a practical reality that once you take FID, it's several years to build these terminals. So I think if you're looking at impact in terms of immediate term or mid-decade, I'd say it's closer towards mid-decade before you start seeing these new import -- these new export facilities online.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's helpful for sure. Just wanted to ask a brief question on your Canadian production, I guess, primarily in the Montney here. As I'm kind of looking at your conventional non-oil sands volumes, it looks like they've kind of been dropping for the last 4 quarters based on the data you all provide. Do you expect those volumes to start growing at some point, maybe in the back half of the year or '23? What can you kind of tell us about the trajectory of the Montney there?
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Leo, this is Nick. One of the factors that we have to look back at as we took a fairly large capital cost, obviously, in 2020, and then we're in maintenance mode in 2021. We didn't have any rigs or frac crews. So we've restarted that program earlier this year, we started fracking the wells. That's Pad 4, and then we're also drilling Pad 5 and Pad 6. So that drop that you're seeing over the last 4 quarters is really just a lack of work that we're doing up in Montney. So we're started back to drilling both, like I said, Pad 5, Pad 6, we'll see some of that production come on stream in Q3 and Q4.  And then another thing, Leo, that we're doing is we're working on our CPF2 facility expansion. That's where we're adding both gas handling, our condensate recovery and then water handling. We're about 30% complete on that, and that's on schedule and that will come on stream in 2023 as well. The condensate recovery unit will allow us to really monetize on that Kelt acreage that we picked up a few years ago.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time we have for questions. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Keener for final remarks.
Mark Keener: Thank you, Hilda, and thanks to all who took part in today's call. And with that, I'll wrap it up with you, Hilda for any closing comments. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-03 15:03:06) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Q4 2021 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Zanera, and I'll be the operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. . I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Keener, VP, Investor Relations. Mark, you may begin.
Mark Keener: Thank you, Zanera. Welcome to all of our listeners today. First, let me introduce the members of our team who are on today's call. We have Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; and Bill Bullock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dominic Macklon, Executive Vice President of Strategy, Sustainability and Technology; Tim Leach, Executive Vice President of Lower 48; and Nick Olds, Executive Vice President for Global Operations. Ryan and Bill will lead off today's call with some prepared comments, after which the team will be available to take your questions. Before I turn the call over to Ryan, a few quick reminders. In conjunction with this morning's release, we posted supplemental materials that include fourth quarter and full year 2021 highlights, earnings and cash flow summaries, preliminary reserve replacement information, price realization analysis and updated 2022 guidance and sensitivities. During our call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results could differ due to the factors described in today's press release and in our periodic filings with the SEC. And finally, we'll also make reference to some non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's release and on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Mark. So 2021 was a truly remarkable year for ConocoPhillips. Our operating performance around the globe was outstanding. We generated strong returns on and of capital for our shareholders and closed on 2 significant highly accretive acquisitions in the heart of the Permian Basin. Our exceptional results last year are directly attributable to the talent and dedication of our global workforce. We produced 1.6 million barrels per day and brought first production online at GMT2 in Alaska, the third Montney well pad and the Malikai Phase 2 and SNP Phase 2 projects in Malaysia. We also completed the Tor II project in Norway and achieved all of this with excellent cost, schedule, safety and environmental performance. Financially, we achieved a 14% full year return on capital employed or 16% on a cash adjusted basis and generated $15.7 billion in CFO, with over $10 billion in free cash flow. And we returned $6 billion to our shareholders, representing 38% of our cash from operations. We also continued our rigorous portfolio optimization work, completing the truly transformative Concho and Shell Permian acquisitions and further high-grading our asset base around the world. In the Asia Pacific region, we exercised our preemption right to acquire an additional 10% in APLNG and announced the sale of assets in Indonesia for $1.4 billion. In the Lower 48, we generated $0.3 billion in proceeds from the sale of noncore assets last year. And last week, we signed an agreement to sell an additional property set, outside of our core areas for an additional $440 million. Collectively, these transactions reduced both the average cost of supply and the GHG intensity of our more than  resource base and we're well down the road towards achieving our 4 billion to 5 billion in dispositions by 2023. In early December, consistent with our 10-year plan and capital allocation priorities, we announced a returns-driven capital budget for 2022 that's expected to deliver modest growth this year. We also introduced a new variable return of cash or VROC, tiered to our distribution framework and provided a full year target of $7 billion in total returns of capital to our shareholders. Based on current prices on the forward curve, we've increased the target to $8 billion, with the incremental $1 billion coming in the form of increased share repurchases and a higher variable return of cash. The $0.30 per share VROC announced for the second quarter represents a 50% increase over our inaugural variable returned to shareholders that we paid this quarter. Now to put the $8 billion in perspective, it equates to an increase of more than 30% from the $6 billion returned last year and a greater than 50% increase in projected cash return to shareholders. Our 3-tier distribution framework provides a flexible and durable means to meet our returns commitment through the price cycle and truly is differential to others in this sector as our returns commitment is based on a percentage of CFO and not free cash flow. And as you know, we are guided in everything we do by our triple mandate. We must reliably and responsibly deliver oil and gas production to meet energy transition pathway demand. We need to generate competitive returns on and of capital for our shareholders and achieve our Paris-aligned net zero ambition by 2050. Just as I'm very proud of the excellent operational and returns-focused performance we delivered in 2021, I'm equally pleased about the progress we have made in support of the third pillar of our mandate. We increased our medium-term emissions intensity reduction target to 40% to 50% by 2030 and expanded it to include both gross operated and net equity production. As a reminder, we're also committed to further reducing our methane emissions and achieving our zero-routine flaring ambition by 2025. And as highlighted in our December release, we've allocated $0.2 billion of this year's capital program for projects to reduce the company's Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity and investments in several early-stage low-carbon opportunities that address end-use emissions. We strongly believe that this level of focus on and performance toward fully realizing our triple mandate has ConocoPhillips very well positioned to not just survive through the energy transition, but to thrive regardless of the pathways it takes. While we're on the topic of energy transition, I'd like to touch on the macroenvironment. Commodity prices today reflect global energy demand returning to pre-pandemic levels, along with supply being impacted by decreased investment in oil and gas over the past couple of years, concerns about inventory levels, and the amount of available spare production capacity in the system. All these factors demonstrate the ongoing importance of our sector to the global economy today and for the foreseeable future. It's becoming increasingly clear that the energy transition isn't going to happen with the flip of a switch. What people and businesses around the globe need is a managed and orderly transition, but that's not what the world is seeing to this point. Supply and demand balances are fragile at the moment, likely driving continued volatility and the current commodity price situation in Europe may be providing a cautionary signal. The simple reality is that most alternative energy sources still have a long way to go towards becoming as scalable, reliable, affordable and accessible as the world needs them to be, which brings me back to our triple mandate and the importance of performing well across all 3 of the pillars, for our shareholders and for the people of the world who need and use our products. Now with that, let me turn the call over to Bill, and he will cover the fourth quarter and our 2022 outlook.
William Bullock: Thanks, Ryan. Looking at fourth quarter earnings, we generated $2.27 per share in adjusted earnings. This performance reflects production above the midpoint of guidance and strong price realizations as well as some commercial and inventory timing benefits, partially offset by slightly higher costs in DD&A. Lower 48 production averaged 818,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the quarter, including 483,000 from the Permian, 213,000 from the Eagle Ford and 100,000 from the Bakken. As previously communicated, our Permian and overall Lower 48 production were both increased roughly 40,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter due to the conversion from 2 to 3 stream accounting for the acquired Concho assets. At the end of the year, we had 20 operated drilling rigs and 9 frac crews working in the Lower 48, including those developing the acreage we recently acquired from Shell. As Ryan touched on earlier, operations across the rest of the portfolio also ran extremely well last year with our GMT2 project in Alaska producing first oil in the fourth quarter as planned. Turning to cash from operations, we generated $5.5 billion in CFO, excluding working capital, resulting in free cash flow of $3.9 billion in the quarter. For the full year 2021, we generated $15.7 billion in CFO, $10.4 billion of free cash flow and returned $6 billion to shareholders. In addition to the asset dispositions Ryan covered, we also sold 117 million shares we held in Cenovus in the year, generating $1.1 billion in proceeds that we used to fund repurchases of our own shares. This left us with a little over 90 million Cenovus shares at the end of the year, which we intend to fully monetize by the end of this quarter. We ended the year with over $5 billion in cash, maintaining our differential balance sheet strength, even after completing the all-cash acquisition of Shell's Delaware Basin assets. So to recap, it was not only a strong quarter but one that also bodes very well for 2022 and future years. We continue to optimize the portfolio, our businesses are running very well around the globe, and we have had an overall reserve replacement ratio of nearly 380%, establishing an incredibly powerful platform for the company as we head into this year and beyond. Our cash flow performance and leverage to prices have substantially improved over the past couple of years as demonstrated by our fourth quarter results and expect it will continue to improve as we begin including the newly-acquired Delaware assets in our consolidated results this quarter. Now demonstrating this point and appreciating that it's helpful for the market to have an accurate sense of our stronger CFO generating capacity, at a WTI price of $75 a barrel with a $3 differential to Brent and a Henry Hub price of $3.75, we estimate our 2022 full year cash from operations would be approximately $21 billion, which reflects us reentering a tax-paying position in the U.S. this year at those price levels. And our free cash flow for the year would be roughly $14 billion. And of course, we continue to be unhedged across our global diverse production base, so we expect to fully capture the upside of the current price environment. We provided updated sensitivities in today's supplemental materials to help estimate how much earnings and CFO are projected to change this year with market price movements. So to sum it up, all that we've shared with you today underscores our readiness to reliably generate very competitive returns for our shareholders as we thoughtfully move forward as a responsible, valuable E&P player in the energy transition. That is our triple mandate. It's what we have ConocoPhillips built for and are ready to deliver. Now with that, let's go to the operator to start the Q&A
Operator: . And our first question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Our first question, maybe for you, Ryan. It's still pretty early in the year, but you have the confidence to increase the expected cash return by $1 billion through the $8 billion. You provided an update on your macro view earlier in the call. And is this really the primary driver for increasing the cash return level? And can you provide an update on how inflation is trending for Conoco, given continued strong oil prices as well as we heard some of the general recent industry commentary from service companies?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Jeanine. It is the primary reason we're increasing our returns of capital to our shareholders from the $7 billion that we announced here just a few weeks ago to $8 billion now. So again, it represents a pretty significant increase year-on-year, but it's a reflection of kind of our view. And as we step back and take a look, like we will each quarter, thinking about where the forward curve is at, where the market's at, where our capital is at, where the balance sheet is at. So it's a recognition of a strengthening commodity price market. And that's a reflection of that strengthening since the December time frame when we announced our capital budget for the year. And we're seeing a bit more inflation as a result of the strengthening commodity price that we see. And I'd say it's primarily in the Permian Basin as well, but be kind of spreading a bit to the Lower 48. Prior, we were probably in the mid-single-digit kind of inflation across the whole company. I would say now we're in the mid-level single-digit kind of inflation rates. So we're seeing the seeing the impact of that. It's uncertain commodities of spend like tubulars, trucking, labor, chemicals, OTCG, those kinds of things and primarily in the more active parts of the Lower 48 like the Permian today. Around the whole world, though, we see much lower inflation, and that's the benefit of a global diversified portfolio. But we are seeing a little bit higher pressure at these higher commodity prices than maybe what we would have said even 1.5 months or 2 months ago.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. Our second question is on the Shell acquisition. We know it hasn't really been very long since it closed. But can you provide any color on opportunities related to the integration or any efficiency gains? And I guess we're thinking, for example, just using Concho as a playbook, you were very successful at capturing lower-hanging cost savings related to the supply chain related to marketing optimizations and that added up to a big structural number. But for the Shell deal, you have a higher percentage of non-operator interest, and that could dampen the impact of similar optimization. So are there other unique opportunities with the Shell assets?
Timothy Leach: Jeanine, this is Tim. Yes, let me address those questions. As a reminder, we closed the Shell acquisition on December 1, just 70 days after we made the announcement of the transaction. We've had a smooth and safe transition of operatorship and personnel over the time. So that's been a huge success. We plan to continue running the 4 rigs on that property, the same activity rate that Shell was running through the remainder of this year, but we've moved our personnel, our rigs on. And since we've taken up operatorship, we've quickly transitioned to our style of well drilling design, casing design, which has generated lower cost. We've also switched to our fracking design, which provides better economics using our style of proppant, fluids specs and cluster spacing. So all those are kind of the blocking and tackling of us putting our style of operations on those properties. But I would tell you that the biggest opportunity in the near term is transitioning from 1-mile wells to 2-mile wells. And that's with our partners out there in the field. All those companies that we're partnered with, we have done deals with in the past, to core up and drill longer laterals. So I think that's the low-hanging fruit. We are in conversations with all of them. We've made transactions on some of those properties already. And just for a frame of reference, the difference between drilling a 2-mile lateral on those properties and a 1-mile lateral, everything else being held the same, is a 50 basis point improvement on rate of return on well economics, which generates about a 30% improvement in cost of supply. The other thing that we're working on that I'm pretty excited about, the Shell deal in and of itself has allowed us more freedom for overall property management. You may have read in the last couple of weeks that we sold some noncore assets on the New Mexico shelf and on the Central Basin Platform. The kind of efficiency we get from those kind of property management, for example, that one transaction allowed us to sell 25% of our operated wellbores, and it only affected 2% of our production in the Permian. So that kind of efficiency will flow through the entire organization and it's just one example of how I think we're making things better.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Ryan, you were quoted recently talking about the U.S. production profile, I think your point was entry to exit this year, you thought we might grow 800,000 barrels a day, I guess that's accrued. I just -- I'd love your perspective on how you're seeing the U.S. production profile as you think about yourself and peers. And it's tough for us to get the same store same-store sales growth rate for Conoco in the Permian because, of course, you've done some acquisitions here. But just as you think about the growth rate in '22 versus '21 for your own asset base, how are you thinking about that in the Permian?
Ryan Lance: Yes, I can let Tim talk about specifically the Lower 48 and the asset. But I'd say the macro, yes, I was quoted in a recent discussion with several peers that we put the entry to exit at about 800,000 barrels a day this year. And I think -- and in light of the last couple of announcements that I've heard, Neil, I would actually be moving that number up now because I think we were even a bit surprised by the strength of some of the numbers that we were hearing. But I think importantly, we would place -- and that is a crude and condensate number. It doesn't include NGLs. So I'd say were 800,000 to 900,000 probably barrels a day growth this year from the U.S. and probably a similar kind of number coming out next year. This year dominated by the privates, with some influence by the publics. But clearly, next year, probably having that swap a bit and the publics kind of regenerating and coming out of a maintenance capital mode in 2021 and reenergizing, just like we are. We plan to add some activity in both -- in all 3 of the big 3, the Bakken, the Eagle Ford and the Permian as well.  So I can let Tim maybe talk a bit about how we seize that, how that manifests in our portfolio on a normalized basis.
Timothy Leach: Yes. I don't really have a whole lot to add other than to just remind you that underlying decline rate on the Permian is pretty substantial. And so the increase in activity that we've seen from the privates and such will generate more production, and you've seen that show up in the numbers. But I think companies like ours and other large companies kind of think more of a sustainable growth rate because that's really where you get your efficiency is a disciplined kind of growth that allows you to move down the learning curve and lower your cost of supply. We talked in our 10-year plan of a growth rate for our Permian in the high single digits and that as a result of that disciplined growth. So I do think there'll be more consolidation. So for a company like us, you've seen our operated production grew more than 35% in the Permian since we did the Shell deal and other things. So I think there'll be some production moving around based on the consolidation.
Neil Mehta: And actually, that was my follow-up here, which is you've developed a core competence here, seeing either the market around M&A between the Foster Creek transaction and then, of course, Concho and the Shell assets. How do you think of ConocoPhillips in terms of further consolidation and the role it can play, particularly in the Lower 48?
Ryan Lance: Well, I've said before, Neil, that I think further consolidation makes sense. I think you have to get more assets in responsible hands like ConocoPhillips. We spent a lot of time talking about our triple mandate and the value proposition that we have and how we just think about the business. And I think getting more assets like that in the responsible hands is going to make sense.  Now, clearly, with the addition of Concho and Shell, we got a lot on our plate, and the bar is quite high inside the company. So we're not immune to what's going on. We watch the market. We're on top of everything that's going on. It takes a lot to make us better as a company, and we've got to see that in any assets that we look at, make us a better company, make our 10-year plan a better plan. And if we apply what we think is a better way of drilling and completing these wells can we add value to the assets that we might be looking at. So yes, we're always looking and we're -- we've been ruthless high graders of the portfolio. So as you mentioned, even dating back to the Foster Creek Christina Lake transaction that we did, that really just started us down this path. And the $4 billion to $5 billion that we've committed to sell and high grade by the end of 2023 as well. And we're well on the pathway to do that. So we're always trying to lower the cost of supply in the portfolio, lower the GHG intensity. And we can do that through organic investments, and we can do that potentially through inorganic if they compete.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: I guess maybe come back to the commentary about switching from the 1 mile to the 2-mile laterals, where you even heard talk of an increasing percentage of 3-mile laterals. And I was just wondering as you think about that aspect of it, whether or not you've tried that yet, whether or not it made sense on your acreage and any sort of idea what that might do in terms of a further impact on decreasing your cost of supply?
Timothy Leach: Yes, Roger, we just -- in the Southern Midland Basin, just completed a drilling project that included several 3-mile and one 3.5-mile lateral that we drilled in record time, and have been very pleased with the results and the production from that. So I think that's a big opportunity for the future. It's another challenge for your lease configuration, that's why it's good to have big blocky acreage blocks.
Roger Read: No doubt. And that leads into my next question, which as Jeanine said earlier, very early in your Shell Permian acquisition. But I was curious anything you've seen on the true swap side? You mentioned the one thing in New Mexico, but I mean like a real improvement in terms of acreage alignment where you can become more active?
Timothy Leach: Yes. We have one big partner and several other pretty sizable partners that we've done business with for a long time on swapping and trading. The good news is that this is a win-win for both parties. Everybody wants to be able to drill longer laterals where they have bigger interest in their own operations. So we've already accomplished some of this. I can't tell you if I think it's going to be a lot of small blocking and tackling or a few big trades, but things are moving pretty rapidly in a good direction.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate: Ryan, I want to come back to your comments about the Permian. And I just want to ask you philosophically, are you concerned about the U.S. going back to that level of growth, given the recent history of growth for growth's sake? And we all know how Saudi responded to that in that global market, which despite the post-COVID recovery, still has a relatively pedestrian long-term growth outlook. And how does that play into your strategy?
Ryan Lance: Yes, Doug, thanks. No, I am. I think that sits very -- not so much at the back of our mind, but right at the front of our mind, I am absolutely concerned about. I think the one change maybe relative to late 2014 and '15, the last time we were kind of at these levels is just what is the spare capacity sitting in the OPEC+ group. It was quite a different number back at that point in time, and you can -- we can all debate what that number is. And the fact that the inventories are down quite a bit globally and certainly here in the U.S. So I think there's a little bit of time that we have associated with that. But certainly, if we're getting back to the level of growth in the U.S. that if you're not worried about it, you should be and be thinking about.
Douglas Leggate: Okay. Well, I hope your peers are listening. My follow-up is, I don't know if you're able to give this yet, maybe a question for Bill. But with all the portfolio changes going on, one of our favorite kind of output is the breakeven analysis you guys do, the sustaining capital that goes along with that. Are you able to give us an update on a post-tax basis, given that you're now back to paying full cash taxes?
Dominic Macklon: Yes, Doug, it's Dominic here. I can help with that a little bit. I mean, I'll just take you back to the numbers we showed in our 10-year plan. That all included tax modeling, of course, of the prices that we had there. So that we were in a mid-cycle price. We were about $30 WTI breakeven. So the higher prices, obviously, we'd have a little bit higher taxes. But I think that demonstrates the competitiveness of the portfolio. So Bill, I don't know if you've got anything to add to that?
William Bullock: No. That's well said, Dominic.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold: With proxy season coming up, could you guys talk a little bit about the shareholder proposition on your Scope 3 emissions? And where you all stand on that right now?
Dominic Macklon: Yes. Thanks, Scott. It's Dominic again. So we have engaged very extensively with our shareholders on the resolution, as you would expect. So we've met with around half of our stockholder base, and that represents about 80% actually of our institutional investor base. So we'll have a lot more detail coming in our proxy statement. But at a summary level, I would say we heard a lot of support for being the first U.S.-based oil and gas company to set a Paris-aligned net zero ambition on our scope 1 and 2 emissions and for the progress that we're making towards that. And that includes the $200 million capital allocation we announced for this year, which will go to our Scope 1 and 2 emission reduction effort as well as some low carbon business opportunities. Our stockholders, with very few exceptions, did not express an expectation for ConocoPhillips as an E&P upstream-only company to set the Scope 3 target. And that's because there was really a general recognition that this would amount to really a prescribed shift of responsible Paris-aligned production to other less accountable sources. And also the end-use emissions will only be addressed effectively, if all of the many consumers across the value chain, industrial consumers, commercial consumers, retail consumers, that they also address the Scope 1 and 2 emissions. So -- but we also, were able to emphasize that we are not ignoring Scope 3. We are continuing to actively advocate for an economy-wide price in carbon. Of course, that's so important to address both the supply side, but so important, the demand side. We're also engaging with our supply chain on their emissions and their reduction plans, and we're making some early-stage investments in low carbon business opportunities that address end-use emissions. And of course, we've talked a lot about that, and we're pursuing those. That's carbon capture storage and hydrogen. So we believe a Paris-aligned E&P company, with a focus on reliable, low GHG intensity and the low cost of supply production has a valuable and really a crucial role to play in the energy transition. So of course, we are continuing in dialogue with our shareholders, but that's really an update as to how that dialogue has progressed.
Scott Hanold: I appreciate that. That was very, very thorough. As a follow-up, can I ask on Norway? Obviously, you've got the Tor project online, and it seemed like gas volumes were very robust this quarter. Is that just it ramping up to full capacity? Or are you guys pulling some other dials, given the strength in prices for gas over there?
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Scott, this is Nick. Yes, we -- on Tor II, we did bring all the wells online in May of last year. That asset is producing as expected. And then we did a lot of work with our non-operated folks and just trying to make sure we maximize gas production through the end of 2021, and that's what you're seeing come through the bottom line. So yes, assets are performing well, Tor II as expected and some additional gas flowing through 2021.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan.
Philip Gresh: My first question, just a bit of a follow-up on the activity levels planned for 2022. I hope you could elaborate a little bit more on the cadence and some of the moving pieces, particularly in the big 3. In the press release, you gave some information on rig count and frac crews, but any additional color by basin and how you see things playing out as the year progresses?
Timothy Leach: Phil, this is Tim again. The cadence of activity as we talked about before is kind of back-end weighted in the year. And it's cadence that we think will give us efficiency gains. But right now, we're at 20 drilling rigs and 9 frac spreads, and we would add approximately 4 more drilling rigs in the Lower 48 throughout the balance of the year. One of those standing up in the Bakken and I think the rest are in the Eagle Ford and the Permian. So it's kind of a measured pace and we are being very disciplined and as we said in the last quarter, it's a constrained pace in the Permian. And we have lots of flexibility and capacity. But we think this is -- will give us the greatest efficiency.
Ryan Lance: And I would add, Phil, what we talk a lot about is setting our scope early in the year with our teams and not wanting to whipsaw that scope. So just wanting to go execute it as efficiently as they possibly can. So on our operated scope, we want that to be -- we want them to know right at the beginning of the year what we expect them to go do and hope to execute that, that items that have flexibility.
Philip Gresh : That makes sense. One just quick follow-up for Bill. Very much appreciate the cash flow color for 2022. I did have one follow-up question there. Do you have anything pending in the first quarter for Libya for income tax and royalty payments? One of your peers that operates there mentioned something on their call. And I presume your guidance would be kind of ex any working capital, of course, but just any clarification there.
William Bullock: Yes, sure, Phil. So on Libya, we're now current with our income tax payments in Libya and current through the month of January. I would expect that to continue through the year.
Philip Gresh : Was there a particular payment in January?
William Bullock: There was. So we became current for the year on January. It's about $900 million was paid in January that was catching up on taxes from last year. That was shown in working capital as you look at our financials for the year. So not a surprise on that.
Philip Gresh : Got it. And the guidance of $21 billion would be excluding that, right?
William Bullock: Correct, based on CFO.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd from Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Yes. Maybe if I could just -- a couple of detailed follow-ups. On the -- regarding the operating expense guidance of $7.3 billion for 2022, you mentioned a number of factors pushing that higher year-on-year. Maybe any rough breakdowns on roughly how much of that is coming from portfolio change versus 2, 3 streams switch versus how much is driven by inflation?
Dominic Macklon : Ryan, it's Dominic again here. Thanks for the question. Yes. So just to sort of provide a little bit of context here, I think you remember that last -- Q3 last year, we achieved a $6 billion run rate target we set when we announced our acquisition of Concho and now that was a $1 billion improvement to our cost structure versus the 2019 pro forma adjusted op costs of $7 billion. So we're continuing to benefit from that. That's been a major advantage from the transaction and through the work we've done over the last couple of years. As we look this year, so obviously, we've increased, we've said $7.3 billion and that's really -- that's from incorporating our Shell Permian assets, obviously. We've got costs that come with those properties, converting historical Concho production for 2 to 3 stream. We've got some impact of that and we do have some anticipated inflation. I would say in terms of general breakdown, I would say about half of the increase is from the Shell Permian and the other -- the Concho production 2 to 3 stream accounting and the anticipated inflation would represent the rest of it equally split something like that. So -- but we're very pleased with the progress we've made on our costs, so.
Ryan Lance: And I would put that a little bit in context, Ryan, too, we were -- just a reminder that kind of pro forma Concho, we were at about the $7-ish billion level and we had 1.5 million barrels a day of production. So we're at that kind of level now at 1.8 million barrels a day of production for 2022. So I just want to put some context around sort of where we've come and where we're at.
Ryan Todd : That's very helpful. Maybe one follow-up on realizations. I mean realizations continue to trend towards relative highs across much of your mix, and we appreciate the slide that you've included in the deck. Any thoughts on what you may be doing as an organization that's helping to drive that? And looking forward, is that something that we should expect to continue? Or should we expect those to widen back out at some point going forward?
William Bullock : Yes. Sure, Ryan, this is Bill. Looking at our realizations in the supplementary data, total realizations as a percentage of Brent, you'll notice that they increased to 82% versus in fourth quarter versus 77% in the third quarter. And that's really driven by a 45% increase in Henry Hub and about 120% increase to our gas prices in Europe versus just a 9% increase in Brent. So it's that relative outperformance by those that are driving that percent of overall realizations. I'd say on our crude realizations, those continue to remain strong. They're all within historical ranges. As you go through there, I would expect those to continue as we go through the year, particularly as we continue to optimize our deliveries there. And then gas realizations is really the one that you saw the big change on. This shouldn't be a surprise to folks. The change here on Lower 48 really was, as our gas realizations move back to kind of the 90% level versus 115%, that's primarily driven by conversion of the Concho volumes from 2 to 3 stream that we signaled on the third quarter call. It's in line with what we were expecting. So I would expect that what you're seeing as realizations here for fourth quarter are a pretty good indication of where we expect to be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Silverstein from Wolfe Research.
Joshua Silverstein: Just had a question on the asset divestitures, the $4 billion to $5 billion there. As they start coming in, are the proceeds going right to debt reduction? Or could this potentially accelerate the return of capital profile, whether it be via the buyback or dividend? I asked because that -- you have about $1.2 billion of short-term debt, but I don't think there's a lot of big maturities over the next few years.
Ryan Lance : No, it's pretty ratable maturities. Over the next few years, I can have -- Bill can give you the specifics on that. But no, I think cash is cash, Josh, we look at the cash flow that's coming in and we look at the proceeds that we're getting in as well. And I think if you look at our past history, we've been sharing pretty significant percentage of both our cash and our proceeds back with our shareholders on an annual basis. So it's all fungible cash. And we watch the balance sheet as well. We have a $5 billion gross debt reduction target, and we're on track, and Bill can maybe provide a little bit of color on that with respect to the balance sheet.
William Bullock : Sure, Ryan. Yes, we're right on track to achieving our $15 billion gross debt target by 2026. And as you noted, we do have some debt maturing this year, about $800 million of debt. We're expecting to repay that when it matures. And then as we've said previously, we're looking at potential debt refinancing, and that would depend on multiple factors, including cost to retire and cost to issue new debt and how we decide to manage that overall portfolio. We're looking at those factors and you could expect to see us act sometime relatively soon to take advantage of that supportive market if all things stay where they've been at. And as Ryan pointed out, we don't mind putting cash on the balance sheet.
Joshua Silverstein : Got you. Just a question on the asset base and the portfolio mix. You're increasing your position in APLNG. It's an asset that you already have a stake in. But how do you think about COP's position within the global gas market? And is this an area of the portfolio where you may want to get bigger, given what's happening with Europe and Asia prices?
Ryan Lance : Well, I mean we're pretty -- longer term, we're bullish on LNG prices, both in Europe and Asia, given the trend the energy transition and what the planet is going to be going through and the role that gas is going to play on that. So yes, that informs some of our decision to preempt on the sale of some of the APLNG assets. It's why we're interested in the North Field expansion in Qatar. It's LNG that services both Europe and Asia, and then looking at what role we play in terms of that here in the U.S. as well. That's the beauty of our cost of supply model. It's kind of indifferent to gas and oil. And if we see a structural advantage to gas developing over the next few years, it will show up in our cost of supply model and will attract additional investment. But that's the basis -- again, the basis and the foundation for how we allocate capital, whether it's geographically or by product type or by geology.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Mind that maybe there is a little bit detail. But in -- from the fourth to the first quarter, it seems that you're going to add Shell, which the production, say, call it . Alaska production is also going to be higher. So seems like without other offset, the first quarter production should be higher than your guidance. I noted that, I mean, we assume that the Permian legacy production will also be somewhat higher. So I mean, with the offset that in order for the first quarter production guidance to come down to the 1.75 to 1.79? The second question is just -- I mean, it's not such a big deal, but I think you and Total is going to take over the Shell interest in mid-year. You already have the ownership there. But given the really high tax regime over there and also that the political volatility, just want to understand the rationale behind why that kind of M&A will be interested to you?
Ryan Lance: Yes, let me go production first, and I can have Dominic add a little bit of color to it as well. I think what -- Paul, at a high level, I'm not worried about production at all. We're going to be just fine. It's -- as Tim described earlier, it's a bit of a back-end ramp in our Lower 48, that's always going to be lumpy on a quarter-by-quarter basis depending on when you get the frac spreads out to complete the wells and when they come online. What's probably missing from people -- there's a planned turnaround in Qatar in the first quarter, it wasn't in the fourth quarter. So there's a few ins and outs with respect to that. So I think that's maybe around the edges why if you're looking at just sequential production from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, you might see a little bit of differences. On your -- the Libra question, Paul, it's -- we were approached. It's not like Hess wanted out of Libya and its a partnership after Total bought Marathon's interest. It remained Total, ConocoPhillips and Hess as the 2P parties in the venture in Libya. We were approached and said, would we want to participate with Total to take -- pick up the Hess interest in there, and it's a pretty good deal. Take all your points. It's relatively low margin. It's a contract that is just the gross margin contract. We recognize that, but the deal was quite attractive on a cost of supply basis for us. And frankly, we'd like to control who the partnership is, not necessarily interested in an outside partner coming in to take some of that. And then clearly, with Total and ConocoPhillips in Libya, there may be some opportunity to have some different kinds of conversations with the Libyans going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Brackett from Bernstein Research.
Robert Brackett: If I think about that U.S. growth rate of 0.8 million to 0.9 million barrels a day and the lion's share of that being in the Permian, you can start to see the day where Permian gas takeaway gets exhausted. How do you guys think about your gas takeaway to meet your growth targets? And how do you see the whole basin shaking out?
Ryan Lance : Yes, I can start and anybody else can chime in, Bill. With our commercial team is we're all over this, Bob. And yes, we the potential for some of that, I guess, I think we're in really good shape based on the position that we have and the infrastructure we have. We can evacuate gas South, we can go West. And we can come into the Katy Hub and into the Gulf Coast as well. So -- but we're watching it pretty closely because we got to make sure industry-wide, we don't go back to flaring as an industry and all those kinds of things. So we've got to build the gas infrastructure and offtake capacity has to be there to support these macro offtakes in the oil side coming out of the broader Permian Basin. And maybe I can have Bill add a little bit of color from our commercial team.
William Bullock: Yes, sure, Ryan. You're exactly right, Bob, that watching the takeaway capacity out of the Permian Basin is something that's important to do, particularly as more production is coming on and particularly as associated gas starts ramping up, we're probably a couple of years away before you start hitting that capacity, but it's important to keep an eye on. I think as we look at a couple of things to note. First, we are currently moving several multiples of what our current production is across the Permian Basin. We've got a very skilled commercial organization in terms of how we move that volume, so we have flow assurance for ConocoPhillips production. And then you've seen in the market, there's been a couple of recent proposed pipelines coming out that would put additional takeaway capacity both down to kind of the Corpus Christi area and the Houston area. I think those are going to be important to keep an eye on as we look at where the market goes. But flow assurance is something we definitely keep an eye on for our physical production.
Robert Brackett : Great. A quick follow-up. What's your appetite or philosophy around revisiting the capital program in sort of mid-year results?
Ryan Lance: Well, we watch it every month, every day, Bob. And so we're looking at the inflationary pressures that might be in the system. We're looking at what our partners are evaluating us for what the operated by other activity level. And certainly, they see these kinds of prices and that pressure on the OBO spend is there. So we look at that every year. Obviously, we can impact that through our operated scope, should we choose to go do that. But again, we like the steady program nature on our operated scope. So I guess the message is we watch it, absolutely, and we've got lots of levers in the toolbox to manage to an outcome, should we choose to go do that. But that will be conversations and things that will come on the next couple of quarterly calls as we kind of watch the macro, watch the activity level, watch the inflationary forces that might be out there and what sort of offsets that we're seeing on the efficiency side because as we integrate the Shell assets into the portfolio that Tim talked about, we still have those opportunities as well. So there's a lot -- there's a number of moving parts, but absolutely, we'll be all over it and update the market as necessary through the remaining quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Freeman from Raymond James.
John Freeman: First question I had was just a follow-up on the inflation topic, just to make sure I understand what's kind of built in on the guidance. So the couple of hundred million dollars that you've got in the budget for inflation, is -- can you give us some idea like pretty much almost all of what you would have from a service cost inflation standpoint, is that locked in? Or are there certain items that as you go through the year, you're still exposed to I guess, "the spot market for certain items?"
Ryan Lance : No, we're not fully locked in on that side in the service side. So we are exposed like most everybody is to what you describe as spot condition or what's happening in the service side of the industry. And again, it's predominantly in 4 or 5 categories of spend. Those are the ones that we watch pretty closely. Interestingly, TCG started at 1,000 a ton, went to 2,000, has now come back down to 1,300, so for old steel. And we get updates frequently from our supply chain organization, chemicals because they -- a lot of them originate out of Europe are up right now with the supply chain constraints that are in that. So -- and then local kind of impacts with trucking and labor, sand and some of those things, we watch them pretty closely. But they're probably inflating a bit more, as I said earlier, than what we would have thought just 8 weeks ago, when we put out our capital guidance for the year. We've included some inflation, to your point, and we're watching that because we're also generating efficiencies as a company, and we'll update that as the year progresses.
John Freeman : And so Ryan, is there -- I know at least there's a few of your peers that will put out slides that say, well, x percent of our service items are sort of locked in for a given year. I mean is there any ballpark kind of round number you could use in terms of what's locked in versus what's still exposed?
Ryan Lance : No, I don't. We'd have to get back with you on that, John. You cut out on the first part of your question, sorry. But, yes, follow-up.
John Freeman : Yes, sure. And then just the last question for me, just thinking about maybe a longer-term perspective. When we look at the 3 tiers where you all have been sort of turning returns to shareholders, if you kind of exclude the Cenovus share sales and you just sort of look at kind of your base cash flow, you've kind of had that ordinary dividend and the buybacks have sort of been relatively kind of equal and then anything you get incremental has gone to the VROC. Do you think of like Tier 1 and Tier 2 is that's kind of the framework that you like when you sort of think about, I don't know, your 10-year plan or something, where those are relatively kind of equal? Or do you see those kind of shifting over time?
Ryan Lance : Well, we don't necessarily think of it as equal look at that. We actually think about what's an affordable ordinary dividend through the bottom end of the cycle. We want to make sure that we can -- it's affordable, it's reliable, it's transparent, it's growable and it's competitive with the S&P 500. So we look at the ordinary dividend, we think about it at the bottom end of the cycle. But we also have our view of the mid-cycle price and some combination of dividend and repurchasing our shares at what we believe is a mid-cycle price is what we'd like to be able to do for our shareholders and more importantly, make sure that it represents at least 30% of our cash going back to the shareholder. And in our mid-cycle price, the combination of those 2 things does that in the kind of proportions that you described. But -- and then on top of that, we recognize the torque that we have to the upside with these higher commodity prices, and we're doing this -- we're swapping into the Cenovus shares. And the strength of the Cenovus share price has allowed us to swap into more ConocoPhillips shares, which will be complete in the first quarter of this year. So all that kind of weighs in. And what's left to hit our 30% target and above is coming through that third tier that we introduced last year called the VROC, which is a cash variable return back to the shareholders. So that's how we're using it. We think the 3-tiered system is durable, it's reliable and it recognizes the reality of the volatility that we're seeing in this business. And so that's why we put a 3-tiered system together. We like ratably buying our shares through the cycles, and we think they're still a good deal. And we like an ordinary dividend that's predictable and reliable. And we like -- we want to recognize that we've got a lot of torque to the upside and shareholders deserve a significant amount of that cash over 30% at least or more in these up cycles like we're experiencing today. 
Mark Keener: Zanera, we probably have time for just one more.
Operator: Absolutely. Our last question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: Just one last -- I guess, two quick ones, if I could. Just again, it's notable the amount of cash you all are kicking off, obviously. And my question is given the returns and the cash you're kicking off, why not -- and I know you guys have been opposed to this, but why not maybe lock in some of this with at least collars or something along with that nature?
Ryan Lance : Yes, we're unhedged, Neil. We think shareholders buy our shares because of the upside that it represents in the commodity price and the torque that we have to the upside in the way we set up the company. So no, we're -- we prefer to remain unhedged, and frankly, hedging would do little help. So we have a very strong balance sheet, which helps us on the downside and shareholders ought to expect full exposure to the upside that we're experiencing to date.
Neal Dingmann : No, great point. Okay. And then just lastly on divestitures. Tim mentioned, I know you've done a couple of small ones. My sort of two questions around that. Is there anything sort of -- that you sort of considered noncore that might be in that sort of near-term divestiture category? And then secondly, why even do -- and given how strong your balance sheet is now, is there -- does it -- the requirement to put it in the non sort of core, does that make it more difficult and less likely to sell, given how strong the balance sheet is?
Ryan Lance : No, not really. We just want to take advantage of the strong markets we're seeing today, and we recognize that we've made 2 pretty transformational transactions over the course of the last year, and it's raised the bar in our whole company on cost of supply. So there's things that we're probably not going to invest in that we recognize others will invest in. So we -- that's been part of our mantra and our drumbeat for the last 10 years in this company. So we're constantly trying to high-grade the portfolio. And we see -- again, we see some more opportunities to do that across Lower 48, primarily the Permian as we think about what's going to be competitive in the current portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Mark.
Mark Keener: Thank you, Zanera. And thanks to all who dialed in for today's call. And Zanera, I'll pass it back to you for your wrap-up. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-03 01:25:04) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Q3 2021 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sanera, and I'll be the Operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.  I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis. Ellen, you may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Sanera, and welcome everyone to the Third Quarter Earnings Call. In the room with me today are Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Bill Bullock, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tim Leach, our Executive Vice President of the Lower 48; Dominic Macklon, our Executive Vice President of Strategy, Sustainability, and Technology; Nick Olds, our Executive Vice President of Global Operations.  Mark Keener, our Vice President of Investor Relations, is also in the room today. The format of our call will consist of some very brief, prepared remarks, and then as Sanera mentioned, we'll go to Q&A. A few reminders. In conjunction with today's earnings release, we posted a deck of supplemental material addressing third quarter earnings and cash flow results, as well as some fourth quarter full year 2021 guidance updates.  Today, we will make some forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results could differ due to the factors described in today's press release and in our periodic filings, and we'll mention some non-GAAP financial measures this morning. You can find reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure in this morning's press release and on our website. With that, I will now turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen. As Ellen mentioned, I'll make a few opening comments and then Bill will address a few details about this quarter's results, and then we'll begin the Q&A session. In this morning's release, I referred to the quarter's results as notable. Obviously, financial and operating results were outstanding but the context for describing them as notable meant something different.  For the past year, we've been integrating Concho, improving underlying metrics across the business, and creating the most competitive E&P for the energy transition. The significance of this quarter's performance is that it represents the post-Concho, going forward baseline for the Company. On a run-rate basis, the integration is essentially complete.  We've captured the announced 1 billion of synergies of savings from actions the Company took in connection with the transaction, all ahead of schedule. We're unedged, but even more importantly, our torque to upside is helped by having high conversion of revenue to income and cash flow. The core executable of our global operating plan is delivering as expected. We'll close out 2021 as a stronger Company compared to any time in the past decade.  Every aspect of our triple mandate is moving in the right direction. Our underlying portfolio of costs to supply is improving, our overall GHG intensity is lower, our emissions intensity reduction targets are more stringent, underlying margins are expanding, and our trailing 12 month return on capital employed is headed towards an estimated 14% by year end, reflecting the benefit of more than just stronger commodity prices.  Between now and year end, our top priority is closing the Shell transaction, which we expect to occur in the fourth quarter. Once we close, we will be working diligently to integrate these properties and capture efficiencies in a similar fashion to what we've achieved through the Concho integration.  In addition to layering in these properties on top of our existing high-performing platform, we're continuing to high-grade our portfolio and optimize the business drivers everywhere. The set up for next year is notable. We're now in the process of setting our 2022 capital plans, which we expect to announce in early December.  Directionally, we don't anticipate a significant departure on CapEx from what we included in our June update, excluding Shell. In June, we provided an outlook based on a roughly $50 per barrel price that included a modest ramp in the Lower 48 to reactivate our optimized plateau plans, some incremental base Alaska investment, and some longer cycle low cost of supply investments in Canada, in Montney and in Norway.  Since June, we see some inflation pressures, especially in the Lower 48. However, at this point, we would expect to adjust Scope modestly in order to tune response to maintain our base capital at a level that is roughly consistent with our June update, and then of course, we'll add CapEx for the Shell properties once we've brought them into the portfolio.  As we finalize our 2022 plans, we're watching the macro closely, keeping an eye on inflation and potential OBO pressures, and undertaking our typical capital high-grading processes. It goes without saying, the market certainly appears to be more constructive, but we must always remember that this is an incredibly volatile business. But there's more to come on that in December.  It's certainly been a busy year for the Company, but an incredibly successful one so far, and that's thanks to our dedicated and talented ConocoPhillips workforce. We believe we're entering a very constructive time for the sector. But even so, we know that there will be relative winners.  The relative winners will be companies with the lowest cost of supply investment options, peer-leading delivery of returns on and of capital, and visible progress on lowering emissions intensity. That's what we offer. Our third quarter represents a glimpse and a strong jumping off point to what you can expect from ConocoPhillips going forward. So now let me turn it over to Bill, who will cover some of the key items from this quarter.
Bill Bullock: Thanks, Ryan. To begin, adjusted earnings were $1.77 per share for the quarter. Relative to consensus, this performance reflects production volumes that were slightly above the midpoint of guidance, better than expected price realizations, and lower than expected DD&A. As for the better realizations, we captured a higher percentage of Brent pricing in our overall realized prices.  We provided supplementary information in this morning's material to address the realizations variance, and as Ryan mentioned, we're unedged, so we're getting full exposure to the current higher prices. As for DD&A, we're trending lower compared to the previous guidance as a result of positive reserve revisions due to higher prices.  You saw in today's release that we lowered full-year 2021 DD&A guidance from $7.4 billion to $7.1. Excluding Libya production for the quarter was $1,507,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which represents about 2% underlying growth. Lower 48 production averaged 790,000 barrels a day, including about 445,000 from the Permian, 217,000 from the Eagle Ford, and 95,000 from the Bakken.  At the end of the quarter, we had 15 operated drilling rigs and 7 frac crews working in the Lower 48. Across the rest of our operations, the business ran extremely well. In particular, our planned seasonal turnaround activity across several regions went safely and smoothly. You have noticed that we provided production guidance for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2021 in this morning's release.  This reflects the impact of a decision we're making to convert Concho 2-stream contracted volumes to a 3-stream reporting basis as part of our ongoing efforts to create marketing optionality across the Lower 48. We expect to convert the majority of our contracts in the fourth quarter.  Reported production is expected to increase by approximately 40,000 barrels a day, and both revenue and operating costs will increase by roughly $70 million. In other words, this conversion is earnings neutral. Besides DD&A in production, there were no other changes to 2021 guidance items.  Once we've closed the Shell acquisition and conceive where the ongoing U.S. tax legislation conversation lands, we'll provide an updated earnings and cash flow sensitivities that considers such factors as projected 2022 price ranges and how those ranges might impact our cash tax paying position in various jurisdictions around the globe.  Coming back at third quarter results, cash from operations was $4.1 billion, which was reduced by about $200 million for nonrecurring items. So a bit higher than the average of external estimates on an underlying basis. Free cash flow was almost $3 billion this quarter, and on a year-to-date basis, this is about $6.5 billion.  Through the first 9 months of the year, we've returned $4 billion to shareholders, and we're on track to meet our target of returning nearly $6 billion by the end of 2021, and this is through a combination of our ordinary dividend and buybacks. So to summarize, as Ryan said, it was a notable quarter.  The Company is running exceptionally well, and we've achieved a significant reset of the base business post-Concho. That creates a powerful platform for entering next year. We're focused on closing the Shell Permian acquisition so that we can begin the work of getting those properties fully integrated into business.  Setting our capital plans for 2020, 2022, maintaining a leading position of returns on and up capital and lowering our emissions intensity. That's the triple mandate. That's what ConocoPhillips is all about, and we look forward to providing additional information in December. I'll now turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of today's call.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session.  Our first question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Hopefully, you can hear me.
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Roger. Yeah, I know we can. Good morning, Roger.
Roger Read: Sorry. It was really quiet there. Anyway, I just want to come back to the inflation question. I know you'll talk more about CapEx in December, but maybe an idea of what you have seen today, where you think the bigger inflation headwinds may arise?
Ryan Lance: Sure, Roger. Like I said in our opening comments, in the middle of putting all our plans together. Right now, the supply chain organization tells me that globally, we're thinking about mid-single-digit kind of inflation rates as we go into 2022.  But it's bifurcated into 2 pieces, the U.S. being, depending where you’re at geographically in the U.S., anywhere from the low double-digits to the higher single-digits, the Permian being the area probably the most influenced so the most experiencing inflation right now and as we go into 2022, and then the rest of the world though still at about 2% to 3% inflation rates globally.  So the categories that you can imagine are inflating right now, certainly are those that are in need here in the U.S. as we start to recover out of the low point, things like OTCG, labor, sand, pressure pumping, and the likes. I think as we think about it going forward, it's an opportunity for us to try to offset as much of that through some modest Scope production in the efficiencies, which I think is where Tim is focused in the Lower 48. I can ask Tim if you want to add anything to that relative to the Lower 48 in the Permian.
Tim Leach: No. I think that covered most of it. But I would say that while we are seeing inflation on those items, we have size and scale advantages of our combined organizations, and the operations continue to improve in the Lower 48. So I think there's many ways that we can mitigate those inflation factors.
Roger Read: Okay, great. Thanks, and then just since it's been in the news quite a bit, what's been going on in Alaska, I was just curious, Willow can't go forward, what do we think about in terms of other opportunities in Alaska? Have you noticed any meaningful changes since Hilcorp became the other partner in Prudhoe Bay?
Nick Olds: Yeah. Roger, this is Nick. Just maybe a quick update on Willow. As you've probably seen in the press, both Department of Justice and ourselves decided not to appeal the Alaska District Court decision. We feel the best and most efficient approach there is to really work through the 3 substantive issues that were identified in the district court ruling. We'll do that through additional NIP analysis.  We're currently engaged with the BLM and the cooperating agencies up there, just working through those 3 particular issues. As you look forward, as we mentioned, we continue to work through our detailed engineering and service of continued refinements of our costs and schedule and many development modifications, all-in service of doing an FID.  If you look at 2022, our capital program, that will reflect the continued engineering work, and then from a shareholder standpoint, we still see significant support from the Alaska delegations, the state of Alaska, as well as the North Slope burrow. So we remain committed on this front. As far as other projects, we spoke about in the June 30th market update. In  as example, we've got Nuna.  We've got Coyote. These both leverage existing infrastructure, so existing pads, facilities, and pipelines, very low cost of supply opportunities that we're progressing, and then on the Prudehoe front, we're seeing great efficiency improvements and safety performance. They continue to reduce costs across the board. So our teams are heavily engaged, so all three legacy assets are performing well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking our questions.
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Good morning. Our first question is on Scope 3. In conjunction with the Shell Permian acquisition, you announced an improvement in your Scope 1 and 2 emission intensity targets, which is great. At this year's meeting, I believe shareholders voted in favor of the Company setting Scope 3 reduction targets as well.  So could you maybe update us on the Company's strategy for addressing that vote? Perhaps any color on feedback that you've received from your shareholders regarding Scope 3, production targets for Conoco?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Sure, Jeanine. Let me make a few comments and I'll turn it over to Dominic, who's been involved in all our shareholder engagement activity. That's a normal part of our process this time a year, but yeah, you saw consistent or coincident with the Shell acquisition announcement that we increased our targets related to Scope 1 and Scope 2, and maybe hopefully not  , we went from gross operated to a net equity, which we think the industry needs to move to as well.  So it's not only the what you operate, it's what you are involved in from a net equity perspective. So we're pretty focused on our commitment to reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2, and then as you state, we did get a resolution that got 57% of the vote, not binding, but one that we have to engage with our shareholders on. So we've been doing that on the Scope 3 side specifically, and I can get Dominic maybe to comment on what that looks like or what we've heard so far from shareholders.
Dominic Macklon: Well, thanks, Jeanine for the question. We're all continuing in dialogue with shareholders. This is an ongoing process on this very important matter.  I think to share some key elements of that dialogue as an E&P Company, we continue to believe our Paris-Aligned Climate Risk Framework that we launched about a year ago is both credible and ambitious and addresses the realities of our triple mandate that you often hear us talking about, so that's responsibly meet transition pathway demand, deliver competitive returns, and achieve net zero emissions on the emissions we control, and that's Scope 1 and Scope 2.  We have established just earlier this year, a dedicated low-carbon technology group, and they're supporting our business units, and now ongoing progress to achieve our Scope 1 and 2 targets, and our net-zero ambition.  But we are not ignoring Scope 3 end-use emissions. So our new low carbon groups are also working to develop new opportunities and low carbon businesses with a focus on carbon caption storage and hydrogen, both of which have a strong adjacency to our core business and our competencies.  But those opportunities must of course deliver competitive returns for shareholders, and on the policy side, we continue to advocate for a well-designed, economy-wide price and carbon, and we see that as the most viable solution for addressing demand and actually reducing Scope 3 end-use emissions.  But we don't believe a Scope 3 target for a Paris-aligned E&P Company like ConocoPhillips makes sense as it wouldn't address consumer demand and it would shift supply away from top-tier ESG producers to less accountable producers and jurisdictions, and we believe in fact that a Paris-aligned E&P Company with a focus on low-GHG intensity and low cost of supply production has a valuable and crucial role actually to play in energy transition.  So, now of course, we take our shareholders views very seriously and we're continuing our engagement to understand their perspectives. It's an ongoing process. We'll continue that through the next couple of months here, but that perhaps gives you a flavor of the nature of the dialogue.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. That's really helpful. We look forward to the carbon capture and hydrogen development. I guess our second question, maybe a little housekeeping item here is on the affiliate distributions. The distributions, they were slightly below what we think was implied by prior commentary on the 2Q call.  It was a little bit below our forecast. We're just wondering if there was anything unexpected related to the timing of distributions? We understand if there's seasonality for the quarter or if there is any change in the full year outlook of $700 million in APLNG distributions for this year?
Bill Bullock: Sure. Jeanine, we received distributions of $85 million from APLNG in the third quarter, and that brings our total year-to-date to $430 million for the year, and we now expect full-year distributions of around $750 million from APLNG this year.  As you noted and as a reminder, we typically receive lower distributions in the first and third quarters and higher distributions on second and fourth quarters, and as you think about APLNG due to the pricing lag with APLNG long-term LNG sales, there's really little sensitivity to price for the remainder of 2021 distributions. As LNG pricing is essentially set so, we feel very good about $750 million for the full year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team, and let me start by thanking Ellen for her service to the industry and to the investment community. Congratulations on your retirement, Ellen, you are going to be sorely missed.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Neil. Yeah, she appreciates the call-out, Neil. We're going to miss her as well.
Neil Mehta: Yeah. Ellen, you can't escape us. So you know where to reach us.
Ellen DeSanctis: But I'm not going to try.
Ryan Lance: She's not going to escape us completely either.
Ellen DeSanctis: You're in great hands. It's been an honor, everybody. Truly an honor and ConocoPhillips won't miss a beat.
Neil Mehta: That's great. Well, you've left them in great shape. Ryan, I want to kick off on a big picture question for you, and then Tim, I had a follow-up for you on the Permian. But the big picture question is, Ryan, do you think we're in the beginning of a structural upcycle here? Which is we've been through 7 years of a very dark period of oversupply in the industry, underinvestment might be kicking in here.  Do you see multiple years ahead of a potential recovery and to the extent we actually are at the beginning of the structural upcycle? The last time we had one, the industry destroyed a lot of value over the long term by not seizing the opportunity appropriately, and so as the leader of the E&P industry, what is the message you're telling your folks about how you do it differently this time to create structural value to the extent you have a period of excess cash flow?
Ryan Lance: Yeah, I know. Thanks, Neil. Certainly, pretty constructive for a number of reasons. We're seeing the demand recovery post-pandemic and for all the reasons you stated, this turns into a supply problem, and I think that's going to be some pretty constructive tailwinds for the industry. So yeah, you ask a bit of a provocative question there. So what would I say, maybe a few things.  For my peers, I would say, we've got to restore sector sponsorship, and that's only going to happen through consistent returns on capital employed, and they have to be competitive with the market. I think that's the opposite of what we saw in this boom-bust industry. So I think investors need to have us on a short leash, and I think that would be good for this sector. So that's kind of what I would tell my peers. What would I tell investors?  It is different right now because I think Shell industry is being run as a free cash flow business, so now we have short-cycle inventory that can be managed for returns of and returns on capital. But I think you have to remember one thing in that Shell business, that inventory quality really does matter.  Because the ones with the best inventory like ConocoPhillips, we're going to be able to make market competitive returns, and we can do that without having blown through the roof on growth. So with modest growth, you can deliver those kinds of market competitive returns for people that have the top-quality Shell inventory, and I think that's a pretty big paradigm shift. So that discipline on growth and returns on enough capital really, really matters.  Lastly, and this would be for investors and my peers, for everyone really, is the energy transition is happening. We are going through a transition today, but I think that's a new lens that we have to look at this business through, and it requires a bit of new thinking, and I think Dominic just referred to that, in the last question that Jeanine had, which is our triple mandate.  We must do those three things simultaneously and we've got to do them really, really well. So we have to meet the transition demand. Whatever slope that demand going on, we've got to be there to supply it with low cost to supply barrels because we've got to deliver,  , and we've got to meet our net-zero ambition ultimately by 2050 in this business. So I guess that would be the few things that I would offer Neil, and really shame on us if this industry can't do it and I can guarantee you ConocoPhillips will.
Neil Mehta: You guys absolutely have delivered the playbook and that's a good dovetail, and to you, Tim, just your perspective on the Permian position at this point and specifically, talk about where we are in terms of integration of the Concho assets, and you've probably gotten more time to take a look under the hood of the Shell assets. How do you feel about what you've acquired?
Tim Leach: Yeah, it's pretty exciting. First of all, I'm really proud of our team of being able to integrate this Concho acquisition and deliver on all the production and cash flow and get the wells drilled and not miss a beat on execution, and deliver all the synergies that we talked about. That's important concept as well. The blocking and tackling of our business is going really well in the Permian.  But in addition to that, ConocoPhillips has 4 really great Shell basins in the U.S, and watching how information is being transferred, how much team work is going on between those groups, they're continuing to make everything better. The wells are getting better. We're delivering more efficiency all the time.  So that's exciting for the future, and then when you look at the opportunity with the Shell acquisition, what we can do with those assets, and how we can create value with them, and that's what our teams live and die for, is the opportunity to go get something like that and make it better. So I'm pretty excited and I'm proud of the work that's being done right now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Richardson from Evercore. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stephen Richardson: Thank you. I was wondering if I could follow up on that last question with Tim. Tim, I appreciate that you haven't closed the Shell transaction yet, and having got your hands on the assets, but it seems to us one of the big areas of upside could come from equalizing working interest and some swaps and trades and blocking up your total position including Shell. Could you just talk a little bit about that opportunity as you see it, and have you had incomings from industry knowing that you will be the holder of those assets in short order?
Tim Leach: Yeah, managing assets like that is kind of what I think we do best, and there are so many different ways that we can create value from the way the wells are drilled, the way the wells are completed, the marketing arrangements, and it also gives us the opportunity with those additional assets coming in. We have way more flexibility on what we can dispose of and how we can high-grade our portfolio.  So it gives us the opportunity to do what I think we're really good at from an operation standpoint, but also from property management and the swaps and trades. We have a dedicated group around that, and they can create a lot of value in the basin. All the operators are trying to get out of each other's way and not have so much outside-operated, and create longer lateral drilling opportunities. All kind of things like that.
Stephen Richardson: Thank you. If I can just follow-up with Bill on Cenovus specifically, from what we can glean from the public filings, it looks like that sell down is happening, in a pretty orderly way in terms of pace.  But I was wondering if you could talk about experience so far executing on that and also noted a nice uptick in the contingent payment associated with that Western Canadian sale a number of years back at these oil prices, and maybe you could remind us all of the quantum of that and where that would stand and the duration of that as well, please?
Bill Bullock: Yes. Sure. Happy to. So first starting with the CV monetization program, we've sold about 67 million shares year-to-date. That's about 30% of our original balance, and so we reduced our equity stake in Cenovus's from about 10% to about 7%. Those proceeds have been used to buy back about $600 million of Conoco bulk shares through the third quarter, and you'll note on our slides for cash that that was about $400 million for the third quarter.  We have accelerated our sales, we expect to exit our position sometime early part of next year and we're executing those sales in a thoughtful and measured way. We continue to monitor market conditions as we move forward. Assuming that they remain supportive, but we'll be out early part of next year. You also asked about the contingent payments from Cenovus.  During the quarter, we recognized about $100 million in pretax earnings, bringing our year-to-date total to about $200 million so far as Cenovus's contingent payments, and at current pricing, we'd expect to recognize another $100 million in the fourth quarter. Now the contingent term expires at the end of the second quarter 2022, but at current strip prices, we would expect to continue to accrue contingent payments in the first and second quarter of next year.  It's probably also worth mentioning that we are still continuing to receive contingent payments also from our San Juan sale. This would throw that in their bid, and we've accumulated so far $30 million in pre-tax this year with $21 million in the third quarter, and expect to accrue another $21 million on that in the fourth quarter, and at current prices, that should continue through calendar year next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Let me add my congratulations to Ellen. I'm pretty sure I'm not going to be on that call  , but good luck and thanks for all your help over the years. Really, we're going to miss you. A couple of things, if I may. Ryan, I know we get to the cash return question a lot when I come to question you on the spot.  I just wonder if I could pick your brain on whether you're thinking is evolving any, and what I'm looking at is you're pretty much bigger than BP at this point. You're knocking on the door of Total and Shell in terms of scale, and on average, your yield is running about 60% of those peers, you could easily step that dividend up and get greater recognition for the value proposition in my opinion. Why not?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. I think I tried to be pretty clear, Doug. I appreciate the question, and the push. I think what I've tried to be pretty clear about is our 30% of CFO is going back to the shareholders. So that's a commitment you can take to the bank as an investor in ConocoPhillips, and with this run-up in the prices that we've seen here lately, you should expect to get 30% of our cash coming from our operations as a result.  You asked, what about the channel. I'd say maybe before the channel conversation to with the Shell acquisition, we'll probably look to try to put some more money onto the balance sheet as we go through the course of this. But more directly to your question about the channel. I've been comfortable based on our outlook and our view of the macro where things are going right now to split the distribution between the ordinary dividend and share repurchase.  So how do I think about the ordinary dividend? For me, it needs to be something that's incredibly reliable, it's transparent, it's growable, it's reliable, you can count on it, you can take into the bank, and it works at the downside of this sector whenever we go through those down turns.  That's how I think about the dividend, and I think you can get euphoric when these times are pretty good, but I think you've got to think about the dividend being commitment, reliable, always there, and it's growable, and so that's how I think about the dividend. But more importantly, you should expect to get a 30% of our cash coming back from our operations. That's our commitment.  That's what we've done for a number of years and that's what we're going to continue to go do. So if that CFO goes up, you're going to get those dollars, and we've been pretty open to the channel. We've had this conversation with the market, with our investors, and as we perceive circumstances changing, we're not locked into a specific channel to go do that. So I take your point, Doug, I probably think about the ordinary dividend just a little bit differently.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answer. I guess it's more about trying to figure out what the market is best to appear to recognize this, kind of, what's behind my question, but I appreciate the answer. Thank you.
Ryan Lance: The recognition, Doug, needs to be over the long term, not just over a month or a quarter, but what builds value, what's the right model over the long haul in a very volatile business.
Doug Leggate: Sure. Very different capital structure today for you guys than a few years ago. My follow-up very quickly, you touched on high-grading the portfolio. I don't think we've heard you say that in a little while and obviously, you may got a very large slug of production coming in, and I just wonder if I could push you a little bit to touch on some of the things you were thinking there to flush that out, and I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. No, thanks, Doug. I think we sold through this quarter couple $100 million worth of assets. Those are largely in the Lower 48. We've got another couple of large packages in the Lower 48 on the market today that is significantly larger than what we've talked about closing today and couple of other things. But we're pretty committed. We announced after the Shell transaction that we would sell $4 billion to $5 billion.  We had $2 billion to $3 billion out in the market from the June market update. We're well on the road to delivering that $2 billion to $3 billion. We upped that to $4 billion to $5 billion as a result of the Shell transaction just because when we get the first look at the portfolio, primarily in the Permian, we think there's going to be some cleanup that we can do with Tim's team, and the trading and the swapping that you described earlier, and some outright sales.  So I feel pretty comfortable with that $4 billion to $5 billion target. Obviously, take us into 2023, but making probably a lot of progress through the first half of next year in delivering those targets.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Hi. Good afternoon. My first question is just on the prior guidance or the pending 4Q cash balances, post the Shell acquisition of about $4 billion in cash. Any updated thoughts there now that we've gone through 3Q, and any other moving pieces that you talked about in the call here today?
Bill Bullock: Yes. Sure, Phil. We still feel very good about that $4 billion of ending cash. The Shell transition headline price is $9.5 billion, but the effective date is July 1st of this year, and so as we go through the year, we would expect to end up with a little over $4 billion of cash by the end of this year.
Phil Gresh: Okay, and then second question, Bill, for you would be, you gave a little teaser in your prepared remarks on cash taxes. Do you have any updated thoughts around when you would become a cash tax payer factoring in the impacts of the Shell acquisition, the higher oil prices, etc.?
Bill Bullock: Yes. Sure, Phil. So if current pricing continues into 2022, we would expect to move into a significant tax paying position in the U.S. by early to mid-2022.
Phil Gresh: How about just for the overall Company?
Bill Bullock: Well, so the overall Company would be similar. So if you look across our international assets, many of them are already on a cash tax paying position, so the main change is in the U.S.
Phil Gresh: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: All right, thank you. Let me add first my congratulation to Ellen and wish you a wonderful and healthy retirement so, thank you for your help.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you.
Paul Cheng: Two questions. Maybe that this is for team, maybe that we read too much. In the third quarter,  cost production actually sequentially down, I think in your  10-year strategic long-term, the target in  maybe reaching say close to about $300 in the longer-term and stay there for a long period of time.  So wondering that with the Permian asset, is that still the game plan and what we've seen in the third quarter is just the timing of the well coming on-stream or that we should read more on that? So that's the first question, and maybe I will ask the second question maybe later.
Tim Leach: Good. Thank you. The way we think about managing the Eagle Ford and the Bakken and the Permian is one asset that we can allocate capital around. We said on this call before that the Eagle Ford and the Bakken are much closer to being at their optimal plateau than the Permian is.  The Permian doesn't get there for a long time, but we are increasing activity in the Eagle Ford. It will be at that optimal plateau rate that you referenced, and the sequential quarter-over-quarter is more about timing and things like that, and wells coming online. But I'm very pleased with the performance of that asset, and there have been things like refraction, other things we've talked about that have continued to improve the performance of the Eagle Ford.
Paul Cheng: Tim,  production rate in 2024, 2025, or maybe sooner? So in other words, how aggressive that you're going to  ?
Tim Leach: Yes. We haven't given guidance on things like that, but generally it reaches its plateau much sooner.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. The second question maybe it's for Bill or for Ryan. I think when you set up the $6 billion on the cash return, last phase on the $60 WTI for this year. Obviously, the price is much stronger. So should we assume that you're going to return more than that or because of the Shell transaction, you're going to stick to that and just have their additional cash to strengthen the balance sheet?
Ryan Lance: At this point, our guidance is the $6 billion of return this year, and stays tuned for what that looks like for next year. But yes, we're sticking to the plans we have in place for 2021 that gets us pretty close to $6 billion total return. That's through the ordinary dividend and through the shares that we're buying and the shares that were swapping with the CV, your Cenovus's.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Ryan, just a quick follow-up on what you just said. I just want to make sure I was clear on the shareholder return on the $6 billion. Look like the bulk, a good sign in that, I think it's 1/3 of it is coming this quarter. Is that just some result, how it played out from the stated cash flow payout?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. I think you probably saw some ramp-up in the swap with the Cenovus shares. The dividends, obviously ratable across the four quarters other than the raise that we announced here recently, and we restarted our share buybacks outside of the Cenovus swap after the first quarter so, yeah, they're not quite ratable. You saw the ramp up there in the third quarter, if you look at our results, and you should assume that that continues into the fourth quarter.
Neal Dingmann: Okay. Great fabrication and then second, probably for Tim. You just mentioned earlier on the activity, my question is more on Permian activity that you were talking about. I know one of your peers suggested a notable increase in Permian activity, remainder of this year, turning in to 2022, I'm just wondering, post the Shell deal, would we continue to see a ramp in that?  I just want to see if that's what you're indicating on the last, given you mentioned the  . Could we see some ramp there or is it still in the works and at the whole thing's steady. Obviously, I know you don't have '22, '23 gotten out yet.
Tim Leach: We haven't completed all our planning for next year. That's what Ryan referred to that we're still going through. But I would tell you that as we're planning for Shell, until we get our hands on the steering wheel, that's just continuing the level of activity that they currently have going on there. I would tell you that we really believe strongly in the steadier she goes, and as we add activity, it will be ratable and I wouldn't call it a ramp, we call it slow steady growth, because I think that will build the most efficiency in our operations.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Freeman from Raymond James. Please go ahead, your line is open.
John Freeman: Good afternoon. Thanks. I want to revisit the 10-year plan, which obviously got enhanced after the Shell transaction and just when I'm thinking about the different toggles that you have obviously given the unhedged nature of the portfolio, you have talked about if you do have a $10 or higher oil price then your all assumption there is an incremental $35 billion, and I'm just trying to make sure that I'm on the same page with how you-all looking at that but the last time that the free cash flow got enhanced from the Shell transaction with the incremental was $10 billion over that 10-year plan.  That full $10 billion basically went to the incremental shareholder distributions. So I'm just trying to, I guess Ryan, just how you think about what it would theoretically take for you all to look at something other than that 3% production  is it just it doesn't really matter what the oil price is, the incremental goes to the shareholder distributions or just how you think about it? Ryan, will be helpful.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, John. I think, yes. I think you should think about it on top, again, the market update plan was it at $50 barrel price deck. So in our commitment to our investors is that 30% of the cash will go back to our shareholders. This price increase and our cash flows increase, you should expect the distribution to the shareholders to increase.  We're still going to maintain a very strong balance sheet and having some cash on the balance sheet is important to the Company, and then we'll deliver modest growth, but that's always been kind of an output out of our plans. We want to make sure that we have a good idea of where the macro is going to go for the next year.  We're going to set our capital budget plans to deliver the strongest returns on that capital that we can manage. We don't want to blow into the phase of really high super inflation. We've seen what that's done before to returns, so we'll be very conscious of that as we go into what we think is a pretty constructive view of the macro going for the next 2 to 3 years. So you ought to expect us to act like we've done in the past.  We'll be really judicious how we set our capital to make sure we're getting the most out of every capital dollar we can. Shareholders are going to get 30% of their cash back. They'll get that through the dividend and through some share buyback, maybe another channel, we'll see if that's the right thing to do for the Company with where we're at and we're going to maintain a very strong balance sheet as we go through this process.  But adding the Shell just made the Company better, made a more resilient and made more cash flow and so that means there will be more returns of a capital back to the shareholder, and then remember, we're running the Shell assets just like we're running our Lower 48 assets at about a 50% to 60% reinvestment rate. Again, that's what I tried to say at the beginning, we're executing the Shell differently than what this industry a number of years ago did.
Ellen DeSanctis: Sanera, this is Ellen. We'll take John's second question and then wrap it up.
John Freeman: Okay. Thanks, and then just my follow-up question. Ryan, you talked about the inflationary pressures seen in the Lower 48 with that kind of high single-digit to low double-digit inflation versus international part of your portfolio, which is still rather modest, a 2% to 3% inflation, and obviously, Tim and his team have done a great job on the efficiency gains side on the Lower 48, but it doesn't sound like, at least for the 2022 plan, that we should anticipate any material shift in sort of that, I guess international versus Lower 48 mix.  But just I realize this is over simplifying it but how wide would that spread has to be from a service concentration perspective Lower 48 versus international, where we might see all lean a little bit more on the international portfolio?
Ryan Lance: I don't think we'll probably allocate capital based on how we see those different inflation rates going. So I think we just want to be clear about how we see it developing in the significant categories of spend that we have in the Company and try to give you an idea of what we're seeing today. We'll continue to watch it.  I think probably more goes to our Lower 48 business if we see hyperinflation starts running away from us, we might adjust our scope modestly so we're not going to try to go into that. So again, it's with a really focus on making sure the returns are adequate for the capital that we're investing.  I know Tim said in one of his responses, we're a large Company, we've got a very sophisticated supply chain organization, very sophisticated commercial organization and the efficiencies that we're wringing out of the business are still there. So we think we have a way to mitigate quite a lot of it, and it will just adjust our plans if it gets out of control as an example. So, that's where we stand out as an E&P Company. We're global, we're big, and that's a huge advantage to us when we think about the impacts of these things on our business.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further question at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to you, Ellen. Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Terrific. Thank you to our listeners. Thank Senara. I really appreciate it. Feel free to ring Investor Relations if you have any additional comments. Have a wonderful day and week. Be safe. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Quarter 2, 2021 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Zanara and I'll be the operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis. Ellen, you may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Zanara. Good morning and welcome to our listeners. We have the following executives on today's call: Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO, Bill Bullock, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Tim Leach, Executive Vice President of the Lower 48 Dominic Macklon, our Senior Vice President of Strategy and Technology,, Dominic Macklon, our Senior Vice President of Strategy and Technology, and Nick Olds, our Senior Vice President of Global Operations. Given our recent June 30 market update, we plan to keep our prepared remarks very short this morning, and then as Zanara mentioned, we'll begin our Q&A session. To call-related logistics, some of today's speakers are participating virtually. We've done our best to ensure everything runs smoothly on the technology front. Also because we want to give as many people as possible a chance to ask questions during today's call, please don't get offended if you get cut off. You can jump back into the queue where you can reach out to Investor Relations anytime after the call. Finally, a few reminders in conjunction with this morning's press release, we posted a short deck of supplemental material that includes second-quarter earnings and cash flow summaries, some guidance items, and our cash flow sensitivities. And then finally in today's call, we'll make some forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results could differ due to the factors described in today's press release and our periodic SEC filings. We'll also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today. And as usual, reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found again in this morning's press release and on our website. Thanks and now I'll turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen. Today's quarterly results come right on the heels of our June 30 market update, during which we, again, laid out a compelling multi-year outlook for the Company. The update was widely followed and we received some pretty positive feedback. As you'd expect, given the recency of our update, there isn't much incremental news to share at this time, except to say we remain convinced it was timely and relevant given the ongoing volatility we're seeing in the sector. And today, we're pleased to follow it up with the very strong quarterly results we announced this morning. As you recall, we kicked off our update by declaring that we believe we are at a defining moment for the E&P sector, and that persists today. Oil equities have been especially volatile recently, in part due to uncertainties in the macro and because we know investors need to see evidence that sector discipline will hold and returns on and of capital will follow. It's clear to us that long-term sector sponsorship requires leadership on the part of companies, as well as a conviction on the part of investors. Of course for investors, the case for these equities requires a reasonably constructive macro view. The case for equities also requires conviction around a micro view. In other words, who is best positioned for the cyclical business realities and who has a track record of execution and performance, and who can truly lead in ESG. Both companies are espousing the virtues of discipline and everyone now looks better coming out of the 2020 downturn. The question investors need to consider is, who can deliver consistent returns-focused performance through thick and thin? That's where leadership matters. In June, we met this defining moment with a credible and highly investable plan that generates massive free cash flow and returns of capital with financial returns that are competitive with the S&P. The leadership requires more than setting expectations and plans, it also requires successfully executing them. Execution is where the rubber meets the road. ConocoPhillips offers a unique combination of a credible and compelling investment plan, with a commitment to strong, ongoing execution. You saw that -- you saw the plan in June, and today you see the execution. In other words, you are seeing the June plan at work. This morning's release and supplementary information provided details on this quarter's performance, so I won't restate them. But here are a few key takeaways and themes that I want to underscore. During the second quarter, the business ran extremely well. Our plant turnaround activity went smoothly, as did our ongoing core programs across the Company. These include activities in the North American shale plays as well as in the multiple programs in our Alaska and international regions. While we're talking about execution, I'll also mention that we continue to make good progress on more than 50 emission reduction projects that we have underway this year. Every part of our business has a role in delivering our results. And I'm proud of our team for their accomplishments during a very busy year. Overall for this quarter's financial results were quite straightforward. The noise of 2020s market upheavals and most of the Concho transaction adjustments is behind us. And the known deal integration synergies and streamlining impacts we discussed in June are showing up in our performance. We're on track to meet the updated 2021 guidance we issued a month ago. But we're not done. Not done with our efforts to continue driving the operational and underlying efficiencies the team has described in our June material. We can't ignore that higher benchmark prices were a factor in this quarter's sector performance broadly and certainly ConocoPhillips specifically. However, what is somewhat unique to ConocoPhillips is that our results demonstrate the capacity of our Company to capture the benefit of higher prices when they do occur. That's because we're unhedged. We're diversified and we're almost entirely in tax and royalty regimes. Now, a year ago, we demonstrated just how resilient we are too low prices. 12 months later and post-Concho transactions, this quarter gives you a sense of the upside towards we can realize when prices exceed the reference prices we showed you just 1 month ago. The clear bottom line, ConocoPhillips works differentially through the cycles. Cash from operations of 4 billion more than covered our capital expenditures of 1.3 billion and distributions of 1.2 billion in the quarter. And importantly, we continue to meet and exceed our target of returning greater than 30% of our CFO to our shareholders. We announced another increase to our 2021 distributions in June, bringing our total planned returns of Capital to about 6 billion for the year, representing almost 8% of our market cap today, while other companies are only announcing or just reactivating such programs. And of course, as Bill described in our market update, if prices continue at current levels, we would expect to have additional cash that could go towards greater distributions. And for reference, we estimate the full year 2021 CFO at $50 per barrel WTI would be about 11 billion after adjusting for the one-time Concho transaction-related impacts and you can do the math on our sensitivities, they're roughly 300 million per $1 per barrel change in prices. At this time, we still believe our distribution allocation of nearly 3% yielding ordinary dividend and share repurchases is a very sound mix, but we continue to evaluate the issue. and we want to engage with the market on alternative allocations. We know there isn't a perfect answer, but we know what matters. And that's a credible commitment to return Capital and a solid track record of a reliable performance, which we certainly delivered now for multiple years. So to summarize, we have a great shareholder-friendly business model and plan. We're hitting our stride after a busy time and putting the execution runs on the board. We are maintaining our discipline. The Company is running extremely well, and we're not done with our work to improve underlying financial returns on capital employed. That's the goal. That's how we enlist long-term market sponsorship, and that's what ConocoPhillips is all about. Now we're pleased to be where we're at here at midyear. But we recognize the year is still young. Looking forward to the second half of 2021, our priorities are squarely focused on executing our remaining plans and programs for this year. Meanwhile, we're closely watching how the macro evolves and beginning our internal process of setting our 2022 budget and capital plans. We'll stay actively engaged with the market and look forward to an ongoing discussion about how our plans are progressing. So let me turn the call over to the Operator and we'll begin the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  [Operator Instructions] Waiting on standby for any questions. And our first question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team. Two quick questions for me. First one for you, Ryan, is just your perspective on M&A in this current market. You did a terrific transaction last year but how do you think about the opportunity set that's out there for either buying and selling?  And the other one this might be for Bill is just related to the quarter itself. Was it a relatively clean quarter? Can we just simply say 4 billion of cash flow minus the CapEx and then Annualize that free cash flow, implies about a mid-teens type of free cash flow yield. But want to make sure that we weren't missing any pieces here to the positive or negative that would be more one-time in nature.
Ryan Lance: Well, thanks, Phil. I'll start on the M&A side and let Bill chime in on your second question. When we -- when I -- we think about the market, our approach is to constantly know what assets that we like and we constantly reviewing the portfolio to look at the pieces inside the portfolio that are uncompetitive.  So we're constantly screening opportunities to both buy and sell assets and we're constantly trying to high-grade the portfolio.  I think the environment that we see today certainly feels like more assets tend to come to the market, But I don't think that makes it -- makes it necessarily a buyer's or a seller's market today.  I think what matters to us is just to keep at the rigor and the discipline that we've described back in 2019, we continue through today and continue through the Concho transaction that we did earlier or back in January.  And that's just the rigor of our disciplined framework around cost of supply and value and simply being patient, Neil. I think the market may require that even now more than ever. So I think that's a bit about how we think about the inorganic side of the business. And I'll maybe turn it over to Bill and let him comment on the cash flow.
Bill Bullock: Sure, good morning, Neal. This is Bill. It was a very clean quarter on a cash basis. It was clean for both cash and it was clean for both earnings. As you're looking at your run rates, I point you to just 2 items to consider though.  The first one and we mentioned this in the press release is that we did make a $200 million discretionary pension plan contribution in the second quarter that reduced our second quarter CFO. And the contribution increased the pension plans funding status above 90% and that eliminates the need to pay the PBGC premium payments.  Also leads to reduce financial statement volatility for the pension and reduces some of our go-forward funding requirements. So that really did make good sense for use of cash to us in the quarter. And so I draw that's your attention as a reduction in run rate.  And the other one that I point out as you're thinking about run rates would be our APLNG distributions. We received distributions of 250 million from APLNG in the second quarter. That brings year-to-date to about 350 million, and we anticipate about 100 million in the third quarter and 700 million for the year. So just as a reminder, we typically receive lower distributions in the first and third quarters and higher distributions in the second and fourth quarters as you're thinking about the run rates on that. And that -- those APLNG distributions are pretty locked in for the year because long-term LNG sales [at break LNG or] (ph) price lag, and there's -- so there's very little sensitivity to that for the remainder of the year.  And so as you're thinking about how to look at run rates for the rest of the year, I direct you to our sensitivities that we provide, those still hold. And a good rule of thumb is about $300 million annualized cash flow for every $1 million change in WTI. And with those, you ought to be pretty bang on with CFO sensitivities.
Neil Mehta: All right, makes it easy. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read from Wells Fargo, please go ahead, your line is open.
Roger Read: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations on the quarter. It's interesting, Ryan, you kind of mentioned looking across at the industry overall an easier quarter for companies to do well. So let's maybe ask the question, what are some of the things that may become headwinds as we think about some of the inflationary issues that may be creeping up out there.  What you would do to offset that and what you think maybe will allow you to continue to separate from some of those companies as we look over the next several quarters.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, thanks. Roger, I can provide some comments, maybe Dominic can add a little bit of color to that as well. I think if you're -- you're a pure-play one basin kind of Operator, you're probably going to experience certain categories of spend that are inflating.  I think the advantages ConocoPhillips has right now, is we're still capturing a lot of the best practices and the synergies from the Concho transaction plus the fact that we're a global diversified company, so other areas around the world are not inflating maybe like some of the economies that are leading the recovery from the COVID pandemic. So we think we're able to differentiate ourselves in that regard pretty clearly. We think it's eminently manageable this year and as we go into next year, and I would add one other thing that seems to be missing a little bit from the conversation and I mentioned it in my opening remarks and that's the unhedged nature of our portfolio.  I'm just surprised a few of the analysts aren't asking the question to the DNPs that are hedged. Do you know what -- you know what happened, there could even been more cash flow if you haven't hedged your position, you shouldn't expect that from ConocoPhillips will get the torque from the upside on the prices as we described in my opening comments, but Dominic, I don't know if you have any more, you can add to the inflation part of Roger's question.
Dominic Macklon: Thanks. Ryan. Roger, I think Ryan's covered it very well. I mean -- I think the important point is that we still have wind in our sails from the transaction. I mean, we did give our last synergy updates on the market update of over a billion dollars and we said, well that will be the last time we will give that scorecard, but that does not mean we are done with sourcing supply chain efficiencies and operational efficiencies.  So we really still have the wind in our sails on that. Of course, we are seeing some inflation in tubular cement in the Lower 48, some pressure on frac crews, but like Ryan said, being a global company really helps because we're still seeing deflation in certain categories internationally.  I think that's an interesting question and I think it really is because we still have the momentum coming out of the transaction. We do think we're well-placed to manage inflationary effects.
Roger Read: I appreciate that. And I imagine the hedging and the un-hedging comes back to the balance sheet strength that you've been able to maintain. So congratulations on that, and thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Todd from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead, next question.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Maybe a couple of ones here. I know that we've discussed this frequently on past quarters and on the recent Analysts Day, but obviously, you continue to generate far more free cash than you're targeting to return to shareholders via dividends and buyback.  Should the environment remain supportive, can you talk a little bit about the potential impact to a pace of debt reductions versus share buybacks as you look forward, would you pay down debt just far more quickly than the 5 years [Indiscernible] target that you have given or ramp up the buyback more aggressively?  Any thoughts there and then maybe, a second follow-up. This is the first quarter that we saw the combined performance of the legacy Conoco Portfolio and the acquired Concho assets without some of the one-off noise that we saw during the first quarter.  And the outcome was outstanding, and I think your Lower 48 business certainly exceeded our estimates quite materially. I know it may be hard at this point, but can you talk to some of the things that may be exceeding expectations, either in terms of costs, well performance, capital efficiencies, or marketing efforts.
Ryan Lance: Sure. Thanks, Ryan, I'll maybe some comments. Second, I'll let Bill and Tim, Tim obviously chime in on the Lower 48 a little bit. I'd say at a high level, the debt reduction plan that we announced at our June market update of trying to take the gross debt off over the next 5 years, that still remains our target and our goal, and it shouldn't -- we were not, right at this point, trying to increase that or necessarily accelerate that.  We're going to have some natural maturities that will retire and then we'll do some optimization of the debt. Bill can provide a few more details about that, but I think it's [predicted] (ph) through the commodity tailwinds that are in there right now.  But beyond the plans that we talked about to the balance sheet, we feel pretty comfortable that those are in place. So any incremental ought to be returns of capital back to the shareholder. Maybe Bill, if you want to add anything to that and then I can let Tim chime in about the performance in the Lower 48.
Bill Bullock: Sure Ryan. So we do have about a billion dollars in debt maturities that will be coming due before the end of 2022, you should expect us to retire that debt as it comes due. And as we previously said, any potential debt refinancing and reduction were to depend on multiple factors, including the cost to retire debt, cost to issue debt, and how we decide to approach that broader debt reduction target.  But we're in a really strong position with the balance sheet right now. And so I think you should expect us to be patient in evaluating market conditions as we continue to consider transactions to reduce our debt portfolio.
Tim Leach: I think the only thing I'd have to add to that is as we communicated in the market update, my excitement about the performance of the Lower 48 couldn't be higher. When you take the different levels of technology that we're applying to a broader set of really, really good assets, my expectation is that the efficiencies we're getting out of our business, the performance of our business would discontinue. So it's a real driver of cash flow and value creation.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning, guys. This is Clay on for Doug. A couple of questions from me, maybe first off on M&A evidenced by the Concho acquisition, obviously Conoco has an affection for Permian assets at the right price and the right locations, etc.  So there are no holes in Conoco's Permian position today. So there is no need to fill but the question is, whether you would consider a large bolt-on acquisition at the right price? And if you would, what would that bring to the table for ConocoPhillips?
Ryan Lance: So I think as we, I think I answered earlier, we have a pretty rigorous disciplined kind of framework on how we think about acquisitions. We know the assets in the areas that we really like and you shouldn't be surprised if we're looking at opportunities that are consistent with that framework and contiguous to where we operate.  But they have to compete within our costs to supply framework and the discipline that we've brought to that and the patience that we've done both on the buying and the selling side. So I would look at our history or performance, what we've done, not just in the Permian, but Alaska, Canada, and elsewhere around the portfolio. So we're pretty -- we think about it pretty consistently and that's how we look at those kinds of inorganic opportunities.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JP Morgan. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Yes. Hi, good afternoon. Two questions for me. One, I guess a bit of a follow-up just on uses of cash. You have nearly $9 billion of cash and short-term equivalents on the balance sheet right now, as you said to Ryan's answer, you aren't really looking at reduce debt at this point in time. So how do you think about this optionality?  Is there a trigger you're looking for to return even more cash back to shareholders or would you rather be linear and just have the optionality of the cash in the balance sheet. And then the second question just on Big 3, could you give us your latest update of where you stand with rig counts and frac crews by basin and how you're thinking about activity levels for the second half of the year? Thanks.
Ryan Lance: All right, thanks, Phil, I'll let Tim kind of chime in on the Big 3. Yeah. As far as uses of cash, we've communicated before and broadly, we like to carry some of the cash on the balance sheet for strategic and reserve, and operating purposes.  And we've described that in quite a lot of detail in the past. I think with the commodity price environment that we're seeing today, the balance sheet is in great shape, as Bill described earlier on the last question. So I think as we get incremental free cash flow above and beyond our means, we're not necessarily looking to continue to build a lot of cash on the balance sheet.  Shareholders should expect that they'll start getting incremental returns if these -- if our view of the commodity prices continues to hold. We've seen how volatile that can be and the fact that the market is still pretty imbalanced, the demand is yet to recover to pre-pandemic levels and you got arguably 5 million or more barrels a day of spare supply sitting in the market. So we still expect quite a lot of volatility, which is why we like the strength of the balance sheet that we have today and holding some cash on that balance sheet.  And we'll continue to watch that macro market, which will inform our distribution strategy going forward. Maybe, Tim, you could comment on the details around the Lower 48 rigs and frac spreads.
Tim Leach: Sure. Just as a reminder, in the Lower 48, we invested about 1.5 billion so far in the first half of the year, we expect that investment rate to stay steady throughout the remainder of the year. We're currently running 15 rigs in the Lower 48, 11 in the Permian, 4 in the Eagle Ford.  And we're running seven frac spreads, 4 in the Permian and 3 in the Eagle Ford. And we expect those levels of activity to remain pretty constant throughout the rest of the year. One of the big benefits of the size and scope that we have.  We also have various rigs running with our other operating partners in the Big 3 and we're keeping a close eye on that to see and try to model what that activity is doing.
Ellen DeSanctis: Zanara, we'll take the next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Ryan Lance: Hi, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Two questions. First, the deferred tax can you discuss about how that is a potential source of fund in your cash flow statement over the next several years. How's that progression is going to look like given the current commodity price environment.  The second question is, Ryan, I don't know if you can give us some, maybe share some, market insight data, what do you see from the [Indiscernible] producer, they operate there. I think the publicly traded company, the Capital discipline are pretty good. But we are concerned about [Indiscernible] in the private side, what are you seeing there?
Ryan Lance: Let me -- you broke up there a little bit, Paul. I think that your first question is around debt and the last question around private operators, I think.
Paul Cheng: The first question is related to that the deferred tax and how that as a source of cash flow for you guys over the next several years given the current commodity prices.
Ryan Lance: Okay. Thank you. Sorry. Thanks for the clarification, Paul. I can let Bill talk about the way we view deferred taxes over the course of the plan that you're referring to. But I guess in general to your second one, on the private side, they are representing about 45 or so percent of the rigs that are running in the tidal place in the Lower 48 today.  But they only account for about 22% of the current production of about roughly 7 million barrels a day. It probably increases a bit because they are pretty active to your point. I think generally as we think about it going forward, they run out of some of their best acreage over the next couple of years.  So we don't see them having an outsized impact on the growth coming from the tidal and being a dominant driver to U.S. production growth. That's really going to depend on the strong public companies like ConocoPhillips to have the best rocks and the higher quality rock versus the private companies.  I think that's really the area they continue to focus on although we see as well as you do in the short-term, some of the incremental production that's coming out of the private operators. We're certainly taking advantage of the commodity price environment that don't have maybe the investor pressure on disciplined and returns of capital back to their shareholders while they are trying to increase the value their properties as they go forward.  So, ell our short-term thing, we don't think it will be a long-term driver to what the U.S. title play looks like. So let me ask Bill to chime in on the -- for the next question.
Paul Cheng: Before that one, can I just ask that there's some industry consultant is forecasting the [Indiscernible] operator. They may be able to grow production by 0.5 million barrels per day, next year or the next year, the next couple of years. Do you believe that?
Ryan Lance: That would probably be way at the upper end of our estimate Paul I don't think we would view that much, we would probably be half or so of that kind of an estimate that their current kind of rig load.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann from [Indiscernible]. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Lance: Probably have one follow-up with Paul that Bill can answer. Maybe if I could add just [Indiscernible] Bill can address Paul's other question.
Ellen DeSanctis: Yes. Zanara, hang on a second. We're going to break in with the answer to Paul's second question. Sorry, Neal, we'll get right back to you.
Bill Bullock: All right. Paul, it's Bill. On deferred taxes, if you look at -- for this quarter, we had about $360 million deferred taxes as a source of cash this quarter. That's primarily due to utilizing our U.S. tax loss carryforwards this quarter.  But if you look back to what we showed at the market update in June, the deferred tax is really not a material component of that $70 billion worth of free cash flow we showed at reference prices at $50 WTI.  And we would expect that all of our significant businesses would be in a tax-paying position at that reference price by about 2024. Now, should the current prices continue, we'd expect to move into a tax-paying position a bit earlier, maybe late 2022 or 2023 at current prices compared to 2024. But under normalized $50 barrel prices, deferred taxes really aren't a source of tailwinds force.
Ryan Lance: Thank you Zanara. now we go to Neal. Sorry, Neal, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. My apologies. Neal, please go ahead, your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Sure, thank you. The two I had was just first on in the marketing, you guys have done a great job continuing the marketing just wondering the opportunities you see there either to export oil or other market opportunities you would see to potentially see higher differentials and then just as a second, a lot has been talked about of this year, your great debt repayment.  I'm sorry, I would say your share repurchase, is that the primary free cash flow now, item over debt repayment or they sort of co-exist? Those are the two I have. Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Neal. On your first one, we've got export capacity for some of our oil coming out of the U.S. Lower 48. And in fact, we're doing some direct marketing with our commercial organization that has been an uplift to our margins and netback prices. We continue to see that as an opportunity and have a longer-term goal to continue to grow that capacity and to be able to access some of those unique opportunities in the export market. And in fact, not even going to traders that pick it up at the shoreline but going direct customer to customer, given some of our relations primarily in Asia and in Southern South America as well.  That's an opportunity for us as well. On your second question, we announced our gross debt reduction plan, and that's consistent and equally important to the share repurchases that we're doing today.  Once we obviously get through that debt optimization plan that we're doing, then returns of capital back to the shareholder would dominate. But right now it's we are in a dual-track of looking at, as Bill described, retiring some of our near-term debt maturities and then doing some optimization of our debt in the balance sheet as market conditions continue to provide the right opportunity to do that.
Neal Dingmann: Thanks. Great way to look at it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeoffrey Lambujon from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeoffrey Lambujon: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just one for me on return of capital, which you've been very clear about in terms of plans and very consistent about in terms of exceeding those plans.  As you think about the multi-year outlook and the target that you've put out for aggregate cash returns, can you just remind us what some of the guideposts are as you think internally about nailing down forms for that capital return in a given year, whether that's an optimal level for the dividend that you and the board consider or if it's free cash flow metrics above a certain threshold that keeps buybacks even further in front and center over any consideration of a variable?  Just trying to look for any parameters that can help us understand the thought process and how discussions have been with shareholders.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Jeff, I think I'd go back to our original sideboards of the fairway that we've described to our shareholders, to our owners is that you should expect greater than 30% of our cash returned back to our shareholders.  That's on a quarterly and an annual basis and you look back at our history, the last 5 years, that's averaged over 40%. That's really the differentiation between our models for return of capital back to shareholders and maybe some of the others that we've been reading about and that we've been hearing about because it's not free cash flow base. It is CFO base.  So as CFO grows because commodity prices are up, the shareholder should expect to get more distribution. Now we've chosen the -- in our ordinary dividend, we've said we want to be competitive. We want to grow that competitively with the S&P, that's how we're measuring ourselves. That's how we're measuring our performance of return, on capital.  And that's how we're measuring our performance of return of capital with the respect to the ordinary dividend. And then -- but we want that ordinary dividend to be resilient through the cycles. So we don't want -- we want to be able to afford it.  At the low end of the cycle, which we demonstrated last year through the pandemic. And then we recognized as we get additional torque that we described with higher prices that our cash flow is going to grow and our returns to our shareholders should grow as well. You should expect that to come and at a minimum, it's going to be 30%. So it's not a free cash flow-based model, we think about it as a CFO-based model.  And as I said in my opening remarks, we continue to watch what the best distribution channel maybe it's a combination, maybe it's a hybrid down the road. Well, we'll continue to watch that, but today, we feel like our shares are a great buy in the market.  the channel that we've chosen right now at this 10 seconds is to -- the strong ordinary dividend is yielding what it is today, combined with returning -- meeting our threshold with greater than 30% through the share buyback channel.
Jeoffrey Lambujon: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have another question from Doug Leggate. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. I apologize, folks.
Ryan Lance: The real Doug.
Doug Leggate: There's enough -- there's a number of calls going on, Ryan.
Ryan Lance: I understand Doug.
Doug Leggate: I hate -- we need to get you guys to coordinate a little better. I'm kidding. Their fault, not yours. So joking aside Ryan, forgive me, I'm going to hit on the dividend question again. I want a pre-phase a couple of examples.  So BP announced a dividend increase, their shares are up 6%. Shell announced a dividend increase. Their shares, on the day, were up fairly significantly. I guess my point is that it seems to us at least, that market recognition of value tends to be through, the dividend channel more than the buyback channel.  You guys have done a phenomenal job of resetting your portfolio. You were spending $15 billion prior to the dividend cut and today you've got better free cash flow on 1/3 of the spending. Why not go back to a bigger dividend that the market will pay you for?
Ryan Lance: Well, Doug, I think we've learned through the past history, and you referenced it, the reductions that we made coming out of the downturn in 2014 and 2015, and that experience is there and we got to make sure the ordinary dividend is reliable, it's consistent, it's predictable, it's transparent, it's growable over time and it works through the cycles and through the cycles there's an important distinction here so a lot of the people that you've talked about raising the dividend have come out of the period where they cut it pretty dramatically and maybe growing it back to a place that works through the cycles.  We feel like we've done that heavy lifting over the course of the last 4 to 5 years. And we're the place now where we are comfortable with the ordinary dividend. And like I said, we want to be competitive with the S&P 500 as we go forward but I pivot back to you, what's important is the shareholder is going to get 30% of our cash flow or more on an ongoing basis.  So you will get it and maybe today, cash return is to your point a little bit more in favor than buybacks, I could point to a couple of years ago where that wasn't the case. I don't know what that case will be 6 or 12 months from now, but we're open to it and we're looking at it. We're evaluating it. And you'll hear more from us about that particular piece of it as well, but today, I think our shares are a pretty good buy.
Doug Leggate: Forgive me if I keep pounding on this issue but I think your portfolio in capital efficiency can support it in our view and I don't think you're getting rewarded for it. So I'll keep pounding on that Ryan if that's okay, but thanks so much for taking my question.
Ryan Lance: And I hear you Doug, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Ellen.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Zanara. Thanks to all of our participants this morning. Really appreciate the questions, and you're more than welcome to check in with us at any point after the call. And look forward to engaging with you over the next few months. Be safe.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-04 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2021 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Hilda, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note, that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis. Ellen, you may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Hilda. Hello, and welcome this morning to our listeners. I'll first introduce the members of our ConocoPhillips executive team who are on today's call. We have Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Bill Bullock, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tim Leach, our Executive Vice President of Lower 48; Dominic Macklon, our SVP of Strategy & Technology; and Nick Olds, our SVP of Global Operations. Today, several of our executives will make prepared remarks, and then the team will take your questions. Before I turn the call over to Ryan, a few quick reminders. In conjunction with this morning's press release, we posted a short deck of supplemental material that includes first quarter highlights, earnings and cash flow summaries, operational highlights and updated sensitivities. We also announced this morning that ConocoPhillips will host a virtual market update on June 30th. So save that date, we will be providing details on that meeting shortly. In today's call, we will make some forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results could differ due to the factors described in today's press release and in our periodic SEC filings. And finally, we'll also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and on our website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen, and welcome to all our call participants. It's a very busy but exciting time at ConocoPhillips. With the Concho transaction now closed, our entire workforce is on a mission to emerge from last year's extreme sector volatility and the transaction integration activities as the strongest competitor in our business. Reviewing 2021 as a catalyst moment like we did in 2016 to improve every aspect of our business and again, step out from the pack by taking our disciplined, shareholder-friendly value proposition to the next level. We're taking actions across every aspect of the company to improve our underlying drivers, and our first quarter results represent an early indication of our progress. Some of the actions we're taking are transformational such as capturing synergies, others are chipping away at core drivers to improve efficiency and returns, such as the debt reduction plans we announced this morning. Here's what everyone in our organization is focused on. First, we believe a safe company is a successful one. With the Concho transaction, we've combined two industry-recognized safety leaders, which has aided our overall integration. And again, I want to recognize our workforce for their exceptional handling of the many challenges presented by the Winter Storm Uri last quarter. We're continually - continuously driving to lower the cost of supply of our diverse resource base. We have a deep inventory at the very best rocks, which is a clear source of sustained competitive advantage. And we're always working to further high-grade the portfolio through asset sales. But our low-cost inventory loan isn't enough. We're focused on applying our rigorous capital allocation process to optimize investments based on the metrics investors demand, free cash flow and returns. We're driving improvements in free cash flow and returns by driving down our sustaining capital through well cost and supply chain efficiencies, as well as margin improvement; driving down our cost structure through synergies and balance sheet improvements; driving down our sustaining price through the combination of lower sustaining capital and lower cost structure; and finally, we don't cap the benefit from higher prices, which means upside in free cash flow above our sustaining price. We're only a short time into the Concho integration, but we're already seeing the previously announced synergies materialize, and we expect to yield additional benefits as our integration progresses. We remain committed to returning a significant portion of capital to our shareholders, with a five-year track record of exceeding our target of greater than 30% of CFO. In fact, our return to shareholders since implementing our returns-focused strategy in 2016 has been 43% of cumulative CFO. So our capital return approach represents a floor on the level of capital returns, not a ceiling. We don't tie our returns to free cash flow like others are doing. So in other words, investors directly benefit from CFO expansion, including from higher prices when they occur. And as you saw in today's release, we're taking actions to further increase our returns of capital in 2021. In addition to our ordinary dividend and our previously announced $1.5 million of buybacks, we intend to begin reducing our Cenovus ownership stake, using proceeds to purchase incremental ConocoPhillips stock. We're taking action to further strengthen our balance sheet. This morning, we also announced that we're planning to reduce gross debt by $5 billion over the next five years. This will reduce our annual interest expense cost and help lower our sustaining price. And finally, we're focused on leading in ESG, especially in emissions reductions. All of this is underpinned by our talented, motivated workforce. They are the driving force in our progress. You can tell from my comments that we're encouraged by the improvements we're seeing across the company. That's why we announced in today's press release, our intention to accelerate our 2021 market update from November to a virtual event on June 30. Now here's what you can expect at that update. We'll reiterate our disciplined philosophy for the business and how we expect to enhance our through-cycle performance for a volatile price world, but also for a more stable price world should that transpire. We'll reaffirm the allocation priorities that have been foundational to our company for years. Compared to our plan two years ago, we believe every part of the business has improved. And our goal is to put ConocoPhillips in an even better position to deliver multiple years of free cash flow and returns to shareholders post-Concho. We'll provide an update on our outlook for 2021 and beyond, including our synergy capture progress and our business driver improvements. We'll also provide updates on our asset base and our ESG efforts and plans. As I said earlier, it's a busy time for the company, but we're going to take advantage of our momentum to reengage the market sooner rather than later on our compelling future. Now let me turn the call over to Bill, who will address high-level quarterly results, as well as our announced debt reduction and Cenovus COP share plans.
Bill Bullock: Thanks, Ryan. Well, we're certainly off to a good start in 2021. In today's posted materials, there's a summary of highlights from the first quarter, and I'll cover just a few of those items. As we foreshadowed on our March 31 market update, the financial results reflected some one-time contra-related items. Adjusted for these known items, underlying financial performance was very strong. Adjusted earnings were $0.69 per share versus $0.45 per share in the first quarter last year. Production came in at the high end of the range, and all producing segments generated positive earnings in the quarter. As shown in the cash waterfall in the supplemental materials posted on our website, first quarter cash from operations was $2.1 billion and free cash flow was $0.9 billion. These figures include the cash flow impacts related to previously announced contra-related items, which reduced both CFO and free cash flow by about $1 billion. But even with the roughly $1 billion in one-time transaction-related impacts, our CFO of $2.1 billion very nearly covered capital, dividends and buybacks. We returned 46% of CFO to shareholders in the quarter in the form of our ordinary dividend and share repurchases. And we ended the quarter with $7.3 billion of cash and short-term investments. As a reminder, we issued updated first quarter and full-year 2021 guidance for key business drivers on March 31. And today, we provided updated cash and earnings sensitivities. I call your attention to these because our cash flow toward to the upside has improved significantly as a result of the Concho transaction. And in a more constructive price world, we're going to differentially capture the benefit of higher prices, because we're unhedged, we're liquids-weighted, and we have exposure to diverse markets globally. Turning to today's announcements, we view our balance sheet as a strategic asset, just like we do our portfolio of low cost of supply resource and our balance sheet is very strong with top tier leverage due to our low net debt. Now, of course, our cash balances are a component of our net debt. And given that our borrowing costs exceed the returns on our cash, we plan to put some of that incremental cash to work along with future free cash flow to reduce gross debt by $5 billion over the next five years. This will reduce our ongoing interest expense, lower our ongoing free cash flow break-even price, improve return and create greater flexibility on our overall debt structure, all while maintaining our strong leverage position. As part of our program, we may refinance some of our high coupon debt to take advantage of historically low interest rates and facilitate the total quantum of our debt reduction over time. Next, I'll address the Cenovus share monetization plan we announced. As a reminder, we own approximately 10% of Cenovus, which is valued at about $1.6 billion today. The shares were received as part of the consideration for our sale of Canadian assets to Cenovus in 2017, and we've always stated that we did not intend to be a long-term strategic owner of Cenovus shares. Over the years, we've looked at several strategies reducing our position. And we believe the market has responded to the positive steps Cenovus has taken, including its recent commitments to balance sheet strength and operational efficiencies. We intend to begin selling our Cenovus shares in the open market in the second quarter, while simultaneously tendering the proceeds in the ConocoPhillips shares. We will be thoughtful and measured with our sales program, as you would expect, with an intention to fully dispose of our Cenovus position by the end of 2022. We believe this plan to swap Cenovus shares for ConocoPhillips shares aligns well with both our commitment to returning capital to shareholders and to monetize our Cenovus position. Taken together, our planned debt reduction and our planned swap of Cenovus shares for ConocoPhillips shares further strengthen both our balance sheet and our ongoing ability to consistently deliver differential returns of capital to our shareholders, all while lowering our sustaining price. Now I'll turn the call over to Tim for an update on the Lower 48 business.
Tim Leach: Thanks, Bill. We're just a few months into the ConocoPhillips-Concho integration process. And like Ryan and our other leaders, I'm more excited now than ever to tell you about our vision for the company and a great progress we've already made. I'll do a quick recap of the Lower 48 from the first quarter, which was nothing short of historic, not only because of a fast-paced integration activity, but because of Winter Storm Uri. Overall, the storm impacted Lower 48 production by about 50,000 barrels a day for the quarter. However, facility damage from the storm was negligible, and we quickly resumed production in March. It was a heck of a test for our expanded Lower 48 region. They passed with flying colors. Total Lower 48 production for the quarter was 715,000 BOEs per day, which includes 405,000 in the Permian, 187,000 in the Eagle Ford and 86,000 in the Bakken. We exited the first quarter with 15 drilling rigs, 11 in the Permian and four in the Eagle Ford. And we had seven frac spreads, five in the Permian and two in the Eagle Ford. It doesn't get a lot of attention, but I also wanted to mention that during the quarter, we executed several innovative pilots across the Lower 48, including more than 40 twin frac wells, electrification of our frac spreads and additional V5 completions. The point is, while we're executing the base business, we're also combining the experience of both companies by conducting numerous tests that should yield future efficiency gains. My entire Lower 48 organization is excited about the role we can play in making ConocoPhillips, a company that can supply the cheapest, cleanest barrels to the market, successfully navigate the price cycles, achieve the highest level of execution efficiency and continue to lead the industry on the innovation front. From a size and scale perspective, our Lower 48 is clearly differentiated in the industry. With the acquisition of Concho, the Lower 48 grew to be about half of ConocoPhillips production and among the largest domestic producers. We have a high-quality set of assets, with a low cost of supply resource base made up of core positions in the three premier tight oil basins in the world. Our Lower 48 team is focused on capturing the strategic advantages of both Concho and ConocoPhillips to make our operations more efficient and drive down sustaining capital with the primary goal of maximizing our cash generating capacity. We're creating a massive free cash flow machine from our combined business that will contribute toward the company's ability to deliver on its priorities through cycles. All of us recognize that the largest opportunity for value creation is going to come from bringing the best out of both companies and elevating the combined ConocoPhillips to a level unachievable by either company on their own. I'm happy to say that the new organization has embraced this challenge and we are seeing even more opportunity than we had initially expected. I couldn't be more pleased with the quality of people we have working on this, starting with the Lower 48 leadership team, which consists of both heritage ConocoPhillips and Concho leaders. We made it a priority to work closely together and leverage the knowledge base of both very experienced operations. In fact, we continue to see substantial improvements in our well cost. We have our eyes on additional ways to get more for less. Beyond working together to generate the best plan of development and drive efficiencies in our operations, our team is working hard to identify commercial opportunities to improve margins, as well as supply chain opportunities to leverage our global scale and drive down cost. I want to leave you with a strong sense of optimism about what the Lower 48 can deliver. We are fully dedicated to extracting the full value of this deal, and I'm looking forward to providing more detail at our midyear market update. And now, I'll turn the call over to Nick to provide the status of our operations in the rest of the world.
Nick Olds: Thanks, Tim. While there's clearly a lot going on in our Lower 48 business, we believe ConocoPhillips has a significant advantage over our independent peers because we also have diverse global businesses that generate significant free cash flow. Today, our Alaska and International businesses comprise about 50% of our company's operated 1.5 million barrels per day production. I'll take this opportunity to recap some of the achievements from the first quarter and bring you up to speed on activities we have underway around the globe. So starting in Alaska, I'm pleased to report that Greater Mooses Tooth 2 project has made significant progress over the past several months, and facility and construction costs are about 10% below budget, as we finish our third and final construction season. The project is expected to be online by the end of this year at approximately 10,000 barrels a day, with peak production of 35,000 barrels a day that will leverage our existing Alpine infrastructure. We're also back to development drilling on the Slope. After suspending virtually all activity in 2020, we are restarting four rigs across our operated assets in Alaska. In the Western North Slope, we restarted drilling at CD5 and commissioning activities on the new extended reach drilling rig. The ERD rig will play a significant role in augmenting Alaska's base business, allowing us to drill wells in excess of 35, 000 feet, accessing low-cost supply resources, while minimizing surface disturbance. So our base Alaska business is performing very well and we've built a strong momentum coming out of 2020. And of course, it's been an eventful quarter for Willow. Let me give you a quick update on where that project stands. We continue to progress the front-end engineering and design work, while at the same time taking actions to address the legal challenges that have been recently raised. The 600 million barrel oil discovery remains very competitive in our portfolio, but we won't take final investment decision or make significant long lead investments until the litigation risks have been resolved. Now moving to Canada. At Montney, we continue to optimize our development plans to incorporate the liquids-rich acreage we acquired from Kelt, mid last year. We're leveraging our Lower 48 unconventional resource expertise and reduced drilling costs by 25% over the first four pads. This part of our business doesn't get a lot of external attention yet, but it's worth noting, that's currently produced an approximately 30,000 barrels a day, of which 50% is liquids. We continue to be excited about our future in this premier 300,000-acre unconventional position. At Surmont, we continue to take actions to reduce costs, improve netbacks and reduce emissions, and we're seeing encouraging improvements on all three of these fronts. So in summary, Canada remains an important part of our business, with quite a lot of upside and learning curve opportunities. Now moving to our Europe, Middle East and North Africa segment. In Norway, we've made good progress on several projects, which benefit from the fiscal incentives implemented by the Norwegian government last year. We're nearing completion of Port 2 and are on track to make final investment decisions on both Tommeliten Alpha and Kobra East Gecko later this year, and work continues to assess our recent discoveries at Barca and Slagugle. In Qatar, our QG3 asset continues to deliver very strong performance and generate free cash flow and we continue to advance our evaluation of the North Field expansion opportunity. We're still very interested in participating in this project if it fits our financial framework. So we'll keep you posted as this plays out. Moving on into our Asia Pacific region. APLNG is running extremely well. Production continues to be strong, which when combined with ongoing focus on reducing capital, operating and financing costs has brought the cash breakeven down to $25 per barrel Brent. APLNG distributed almost $100 million to the company in the first quarter of 2021 and is expected to distribute about $200 million in the second quarter. Finally, in Malaysia, we have several low cost of supply, high margin bolt-on projects at various stages of development. The Malikai Phase 2 project achieved first oil in this year and SMP Phase 2 and Gumusut Phase 3 are on track for first oil in late 2021 and '22, respectively. So that's a brief update of our global operations. In summary, we have a lot of exciting work underway that will continue to enhance free cash flow generation. Now I'll turn it back to Ryan for some short closing comments.
Ryan Lance: All right. Thanks, team. To wrap up, let me go back to how I started today's call. We're viewing 2021 as a catalyst as an opportunity to further own every part of the business and continue leading this sector [Technical Difficulty] the aspect of the company to improve [Technical Difficulty] and we're looking forward to sharing more on that and what that means for our shareholders when we get together with you again on June 30. So now with that, let's open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team. And I think Matt's last day, if I'm not mistaken, was May 1, so if he's listening from the mountain somewhere, I wish him well in his retirement and congratulations to everyone on their promotions.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Neil. Rest assured, he's probably listening and greeting us.
Neil Mehta: Well, good. Well, the first question is around Cenovus. So you could have approached this, Ryan, in a couple of different ways, certainly a block sale. And you elected to do it this through the end of 2022. So talk about why you thought this was the optimal way to release the shares into the market? And just a housekeeping question here, so you got this annualized $1.5 billion buyback program. But as you're selling Cenovus shares, this will be incremental to the baseline $1.5 billion, right? So this is - this would be a supplemental to the $1.5 billion that you've already announced? So two questions there.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Neil. Yeah, let me handle the last one first, maybe turn it over to Bill for a little bit of color on why, you're exactly correct. So we have the dividend that we're paying. We announced earlier that we were buying $1.5 billion of our shares back. And this Cenovus swap for ConocoPhillips shares is incremental or on top of the $1.5 billion that we're currently doing in terms of buying our shares back in. We've looked at this, lots of different ways over the course of the last number of years as we've been an owner of Cenovus shares. And Let me ask Bill to kind of give you a little bit of color on why now and why under this sort of plan.
Bill Bullock: Sure. Good morning, Neil. So as I mentioned, we've always said that we didn't intend to be a long-term holder of the Cenovus shares. And as Ryan mentioned, we've looked at several methods. We did look at block sales, and we considered that. We think the exchange of Cenovus shares for COP shares over time and the open market makes the most sense to us. The voice of discounts associated with open - with block-type transactions. And we think that the market has responded positively due to recent Cenovus announcement, so that the exchange ratio for Cenovus and COP has really come back to a more historic level. So we see this as an opportunity to, one, trade into the COP shares, which we like to upside on; two, monetize an asset on the balance sheet, which we don't think gets a lot of value; and three, give that value back to shareholders.
Neil Mehta: Yes. That's very clear. Thanks for the color, Bill here. And the second is, if you guys can provide some big picture thoughts on the macro recovery. It certainly seems like the supply side is responding well and prices are firmer, but demand is still uncertain. So Ryan, how are you thinking about the Brent price outlook from here and the sustainability of the recovery? Any thoughts on the natural gas side - global natural gas side as well as that's firmed up nicely as well?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Neil. No. We continue to kind of execute the plan that we laid out at the beginning of the year, and it's largely due to our view of the macro, as you kind of described, demand still is off to pre-pandemic levels at, peak a number, 96 million, 97 million barrels a day of demand. Spare capacity still exists on the supply side, largely with the OPEC Group, or OPEC Plus. So we still view kind of 5 million, 6 million barrels a day of spare supply out in the world. So we still have a balancing that we need to do before we kind of see where the price falls out at that point in time. And what the call is on, say, U.S. tight oil going forward. So we think it's prudent to kind of stay the course right now and not change. We also don't want to whipsaw our programs. So we want to be stably executing our programs and driving the efficiencies that Tim and Nick talked about across the global portfolio with a lot of emphasis on what we're doing here in the U.S., in the Lower 48. So until the market gets rebalanced, we're doing all that, watching it before we make any differences as well. So we're positioning ConocoPhillips for any kind of market that we think enters the phrase. So if it is going to be volatile or if it's going to be sort of a sustained more stable kind of price, we're positioned to react to either one of those kinds of markets. It's a bit uncertain with the pandemic and the demand, how quickly that's going to recover. Now if you ask us, we believe it's going to recover. We think we probably hit 1 million or so barrels a day of demand later this year. And on an annual average, we expect 2022 to be at that kind of a demand level. So at that point in time, we would hope the market is balanced on a supply and demand perspective, but it's going to take really the remainder of this year to see that. But our value proposition is pretty firm and delivering money back to the shareholder like we described. And hopefully, you see from today's announcements that we're enhancing that. And again, the 30% is our floor. And you look over the last five years, we've delivered 43% of our cash back to our shareholders. So discipline matters and returns matter and that's what we're all about.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking our questions. My first question is on…
Ellen DeSanctis: Good morning, Jeanine.
Ryan Lance: Good morning.
Jeanine Wai: Good morning. Thanks. The first question is really on CapEx. And Q1 CapEx was $1.2 billion versus the full-year guide of about $5.5 billion. So that implies a little over $1.4 billion a quarter on average for the rest of the year. And so we know that it's hard to do ratable CapEx outside of Excel and we can appreciate that, plus there's noise in the Q1 number based on Concho and weather and a bunch of other stuff. But how do you see activity progressing or ramping throughout the rest of the year, if at all? And we understand that production is an outcome for Conoco, but we're just trying to get a better sense of the new steady state now that Concho is in the mix?
Ryan Lance: Well, yeah. Jeanine, yeah, the first quarter was a little bit artificially low, given exactly what you described as the weather impacts in the Lower 48 that kind of shut things down for a period of time. And then people forget too that we had kind of a - we had to react to a winter drilling season in Alaska that reduced the cap a little bit. So it's not ratable, you can't just take the first quarter times four. But we are driving the teams to greater efficiency and trying to get as much done with the precious capital dollar that we can. We'll provide more of an update in the June update that we've talked about. And I would say thirdly is, we designed this to run stable. We designed our programs at the beginning of the year and asked our teams to go execute that scope and really not interested in trying to drive that on a quarterly basis and whipsaw the teams around doing those programs. We just want them to efficiently and effectively execute the programs that we set out at the beginning of the year. But we'll provide more of an update as we see the year progressing in June.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thank you. We'll wait for that update. And our second question is just on the debt reduction target. We've got balance sheet enhancement, dividend, buyback, CapEx, all moving pieces on capital allocation. So maybe could you talk a little bit more about how you picked the $5 billion target over five years? And I noticed that exceeds the amount that's coming to in that time. So maybe something on cadence as well? And I guess, we're just really trying to back into how much cash return is available now that we have a designed gross debt target outside that we need to allocate perhaps? Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks. I can let Bill talk specifically about the debt. I would just say, back to my opening remarks a bit, Jeanine, is that we're looking at every piece of the business. We're looking at the portfolio, we're looking at the balance sheet, we're looking at the cash sitting on the balance sheet and all those pieces of it. And we haven't forgotten about the shareholder. If you saw that today with our announcement on the trade with Cenovus shares and the ConocoPhillips and again that's incremental to the $1.5 that we're doing already. Let me ask Bill, he can give you a little bit more color on why $5 billion, why five years. 
Bill Bullock: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Ryan. Good morning, Jeanine. So first I just would start with, you know, both heritage Conoco and heritage Concho had really strong balance sheets so does this combined company. And in fact, you know, as we look at this our net debt to CFO consensus it is under one times materially less than our peer group. But what the Concho transaction our gross debts increased from $15 billion to $20 billion. And we have some legacy high coupon debt that's out there on our balance sheet. So we think this is unique opportunity to reduce our ongoing interest and lower ongoing free cash flow breakeven. We think that improves returns, it creates greater flexibility in our debt structure, and all the supports our ability to maintain greater than 30% of returns for our shareholders. When you think about why $5 billion? That certainly over what the natural maturities of our bond ladders would be right now. We've got about $3 billion of bonds, retiring in the next five years. So some of that will be early retirements and you can see us do that with public tenders, open market repurchases or perhaps a combination with refinancing, all that's going to be taking approach that favors flexibility and optionality. And in the case of our $5 billion over five years that is our base case. We think that gives us the ability to moderate the reduction and take advantage of supportive market and conditions, but you may see us accelerate that a bit if the efficiencies in the market allow us to do that earlier. So that's a bit of context on why we're looking at reducing our debt structure, how we got to $5 billion and a bit on the basin [ph].
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan.
Phil Gresh: Yes. Hi, good afternoon. I suppose…
Ryan Lance: Hi, Phil.
Phil Gresh: As a bit of a follow-up to Jeanine question. You know, there's a lot of excess cash that would be available if you're paying down the $5 billion of gross debt between free cash flow and the cash in the balance sheet and Cenovus shares. Perhaps some of this you want to save for the Analyst Day, but any additional high-level commentary, you could share on capital allocation?
Ryan Lance: Well, yeah, we'll see what the market gives us Phil over time. You know, I would say to that we described you back in November 2019, how we think about the cash on the balance sheet. There's the operating cash. There's some reserve cash to deal with the volatility of the market and then we - we like to hold some strategic cash as well. And we still think the market is going to be quite volatile. So we'll see what the market gives us but we want to be prepared for any kind of market that we find ourselves in. And thirdly, you know, you should think about some of that cash we'll make sure this shareholder is fully satisfied, based on - our past experience and what we've done as a company. And then thirdly, I would say it's, we are thinking about some of the future calls, whether that's the - if we're successful of the Northville [ph] expansion. What we might do at Willow. We had some exploration discoveries in Norway. We hope to be successful in Malaysia. So some of that cash that you might see on the balance sheet will go to some of those projects as well, such that we can continue to reap all the benefits from the annual free cash flow that we're getting and distribute that back out to the company and to our shareholders.
Phil Gresh: Got it. Okay. My follow-up would just be Ryan, you made a comment about certain minimum cash levels. How do you think about what that should be today? And then, if I could glue in, one question around Alaska. Do you still target trying to sell down Alaska, as a portion of Alaska, as you discussed at the 2019 Analyst Day. Would that be another source of potential cash still?
Ryan Lance: Well, I think more broadly, direct to answer your question, Phil, is yes, we're still looking at potentially marketing some of the Alaska position. But more broadly, I think, with the Concho acquisition, we're going through the portfolio to make sure that we're continually high grading and take the opportunity of the kind of commodity price environment we find ourselves in. So we'll have more to say on that in June as well. From the near - various cash [ph] positions, I think it kind of came in the first, we think about $1 billion of operating cash and a couple of billion dollars of - $2 billion to $3 billion of reserve cash, which is our - what happens in the market, we can respond. We can keep our programs running consistently. And not with SAR programs. So we want to have the cash there to do that. And then, we have strategic cash on top of that, which are for other uses that I described in your first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Hello. Good morning.
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Roger.
Roger Read: I guess, it's getting beaten pretty hard here, but I'm going to try one other thing on the debt structure here. I mean, looking back to where you were in '16, the changes you made pre the Concho acquisition, it would appear you're aiming for a lower level of debt. You mentioned, lowering breakeven as a component of that. It would seem you could get there by refinancing the debt, and bringing the overall interest expense down. So I was just curious, as you think about it, as a part of your capital allocation, return to shareholders, granted reducing debt can be seen that way. But I was just curious, how it all kind of fit together, as the goal of reducing by $5 billion?
Bill Bullock: Sure, Roger. This is Bill, I'll take that. Yeah, certainly, as part of our $5 billion debt reduction over five years, I mentioned we've got about $3 billion that's just naturally maturing towers. We are absolutely looking at refinancing a portion of our debt, our purchasing debt in. We like our path to $5 billion, but with a high coupon out there, it's possible to refinance. And I think that will just depend on a couple of factors including the cost of debt retired and reissued and how we decided to approach our debt reduction targets. But certainly, refinancing is a component of the overall debt restructuring and portfolio and it works in combination with considering public tenders or open market repurchases. But you're absolutely right; we could make some steady progress on that just by refinancing some of our high coupon debt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Todd from Simmons Energy.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. Maybe at a higher level, I mean, what are you seeing on capital efficiency and onshore portfolio, as we kind of emerge from the pandemic a little bit? And with the addition of Concho to the portfolio, I mean, do you have an estimate for what you think the maintenance CapEx is, and the right way to think about long-term capital spend? You used to talk about kind of $6 billion to $7 billion a year is the rough range. Is that - has there been any adjustment to kind of what you see as kind of a normalized level of longer-term capital spend?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. We'll be talking about that, Ryan, in June and kind of provide an update relative to what you saw back in 2019. It'd be premature for me to talk about that. I would just tell you we're constantly trying to drive down our sustaining capital, and lower the breakevens in the academy. And I think, Tim and what we're doing in the lower 48, Nick's doing around the rest of the globe. We're seeing a lot of progress and that goes with the synergy capture that we can talk about, if you like. But all those things are there manifesting themselves in lower CapEx, lower sustaining and lower breakeven.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Silverstein from Wolfe Research.
Josh Silverstein: Hey. Thanks, guys. Just on Alaska. I know last year was a COVID-shortened drilling program. Can you talk about all the exploration activity that's taking place this year? And then, just again, with the timing around - with the litigation and what needs to happen there to progress that forward.
Nick Olds: Yeah, Josh. This is Nick. Why don't I start with Willow - yeah, I apologize, Josh. Let me start with Willow. First, the big focus this year is related to the front-end and engineering design, as I mentioned, as well as detailed engineering. That's all in related to reducing - understanding our capital, the schedule and ultimate development considerations prior to taking FID later this year. That's the target. As a reminder for the group, they've got two lawsuits that are currently in federal court filed by two environmental groups, challenging the BLM and the Army Core record of decision for the Willow project. As you recall as well, we also had all the permits for the 2021 Willow construction received in early January. However, due to the granting of the injunction by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, that 2021 activity, which was a very small, modest scope of gravel work, has been deferred into 2022. And as all projects, we have scheduled float or schedule continue to see, Josh. So, that won't impact the overall timeline. In addition to the fee that I just mentioned, the primary focus now relates to the merits of those active lawsuits, and we anticipate a decision by the District Court in the third quarter. I also want to just mention, we have significant stakeholder support. As an example, we got State of Alaska and the North Slope Borough, have both intervened in the court case supporting the BLM court case supporting the BLM record decision. We also have several North Slope Village councils and tribal organizations, who have sent strong letters of support to Congress and the Secretary of Interior. The last thing I'll just reiterate as part of my opening remarks, we will not take FID or make any significant long lead investments until such time as key litigation risks have been addressed. And finally, Willow is a great investment opportunity, and we have the flexibility to adjust the pace of the project if needed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Richardson from Evercore ISI.
Stephen Richardson: Hi. Thank you. Ryan, I was wondering if you could expand a little bit on this idea of 2021 as a catalyst moment as you contemplate June 30 in that update. I'm not asking you to kind of preview it, but I think the - it would seem to us that one of the big differences today at ConocoPhillips relative to the last time you did one of these updates was just the predictability of your portfolio is probably better than it's ever been. So, I was wondering if maybe you could reflect a little bit on that predictability, acknowledging oil price is still the big externality, but the predictability of the business you see internally and how that's informing kind of your longer term targeting and kind of willingness to think out more than a couple of quarters or even a couple of years?
Ryan Lance: Yeah, Stephen, you're right. As we said in the opening remarks, the Lower 48 is half the company in terms of production today and the shorter cycle nature of that business is a lot - is pretty predictable. But I wouldn't - I'd say we've gotten to a place where we understand in running the base business across the whole world is good, too. And so, we understand the portfolio really well, obviously, and what the prospects look like over the long haul. You talked about the catalyst moment, it's really focused in what we want to convey today. It's every aspect of the business. So, we talked about the balance sheet. We talked about returns back to the shareholder, we talked about the efficiencies that we're gaining in the system, post the Concho acquisition. So, we're working really on every part, trying to lower the breakeven of the company and still be the best company in this business that can operate in a very volatile environment, and you can still count on the returns back to the shareholder, and you can count on us hyper-focused and disciplined on returns, not only on capital, but out of capital, both. So I think that's what you'll hear in June, a lot more on that, work on the portfolio, work on what we're doing across the whole company on every lever. We know what investors want. It's free cash flow and returns, and that's what we're hyper focused on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ryan Lance: Hello, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Can you hear me now, Ryan?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. No, no, we've got you, Doug. Thanks.
Doug Leggate: Yeah. So it seems I've got a dodgy headset. I apologize for that. So Ryan, I'd like to - I'm afraid, going to be up a little bit on the free cash here, but also, I'd like to kind of frame it a little bit because Matt's not here to defend himself. But if you think about value as essentially your unlevered free cash flow, the decision is ultimately between the balance sheet and equity, the transfer of value between those two. Then a buyback implicitly has some view on the value of your company. So I'm kind of curious how low you would be prepared to take the debt before you step up the buybacks again because clearly, you could do a lot more if you wanted to, of $1.5 billion and where the variable dividend potential fits into that story.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. If I - sorry, you were breaking up there a little bit, Doug, but if I understand your question right, how do we make all those balances. I think we're walking and chewing gum at the same time here a little bit. So we're working on all aspects of the portfolio. I think our focus is on trying to lower the breakeven and lower the sustaining capital to work on the operating side of the business, lower the breakeven, which is reducing our interest expense by taking some of this high coupon debt and bringing it forward, giving us options to take that callable and reduce that in addition to what's coming out over time. So I think we're trying to do all things. And I think the basic commitment that we've made to the shareholders is we're going to return 30% of our cash or greater back to you over time. So we will do that. Now the vehicle, and I think part of your question was what's the right vehicle to do that in. That's, I guess, in the eye of the beholder a little bit. There's not maybe around what the right way to do that is, we like the shares given the reduction that it makes in the absolute dividend, the per share metrics that it creates and the in the balance and the accepted way that it is done. But with that said, we've studied variable dividends and CBDs or whatever you want to call them going forward. We spend a lot of time thinking about it. Mathematically, it really doesn't matter. At the end of the day, the commitment is to return more than 30%. If there's a hybrid in our future, they could be. We'll - we keep looking at it. And we're not committed to one path to deliver returns back to the shareholders. But today, we think our shares are a great value. So - and we think this conversion from CVE to ConocoPhillips shares is an elegant solution to get more back to the shareholder. So we're committed to that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Brackett from Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett: Thanks. Most of my intelligent questions have been asked, but I'd like to at least chime in and congratulate Matt as well on his retirement. And maybe ask a question around the June 30 Virtual Meeting. Should we expect something like the 2019 meeting, 100 plus slides, a 10-year plan? Or should we expect more of a modest update?
Ryan Lance: Modest update, Bob.
Bob Brackett: It felt there was a lot of questions and putting a bit of burden on you all, but glad for that clarification.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Appreciate the question, Bob, we get the clarity out there.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Ryan Lance: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: Ryan or team, just curious about when do you think that you will, at a stage, you believe you fully integrate the Concho asset and that ready to take on the other M&A opportunity arise that you would be in a position to say, okay, the organization is capable and ready to take on new assets? And also that - on that basis that when you're talking to your peers with the commodity prices much stronger and the share performance much better today comparing to a year ago, how is that conversation on the consolidation trend that in the industry has changed? Do you think that the consolidation trends are essentially over by now or that still has opportunity? The second question is that when I look at the full year production guidance of 1.5 million barrels per day, your first half is roughly 1.5 based on the midpoint of the second quarter. But when we think that second quarter probably have some maintenance downtime, perhaps that a little bit higher than the second half. So is there any reason why the full year or that the second half production will not be higher than the 1.5 million barrel per day supply that you gave? Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Paul. I think if I understand your question, first one was around consolidation and M&A. I think you referred to the integration activities going on with Concho, and we're pretty hyper focused on that right now and trying to deliver all those efficiencies and the synergy. And the story is pretty good there. We updated the synergies to $750 million kind of earlier this year, and we still see more opportunity. And most of that is focused in the best practices and capital avoidance in commercial and in supply chain. So, we're really focused on that, and we'll give an update in June. So, we are really focused on making sure we get the Concho assets integrated in. Tim is doing a great job with his team in the Lower 48 and on the efficiency side. I think it manifests itself in the performance of the company in the first quarter and in the production performance despite having the impacts from winter storm Uri. So, maybe I'll have - Nick can comment a little bit. We do - for the rest of the year in profile, we do have some turnarounds coming. So, I can let Nick refer to that, I think, which is the second part of your question around what does that profile look like in the last half, for last three quarters of the year.
Nick Olds: Okay. Yes. Thanks, Ryan. Paul, yes, just quickly, the turnaround impacts are very consistent with the prior years. Our heavy turnaround season is in 2Q, but even more so in 3Q. So, if you look at 2Q, you got about 15,000 barrels a day in 2Q. That's mainly Norway maintenance work. And if you look at 3Q, it's about 25,000 barrels a day, so we see higher downtime. And that's mainly in our Western North Slope Alpine assets as well as greater crude oil bay, again, this maintenance crosshair. So, 15,000 and 25,000 2Q, 3Q, respectively. And that has been included in our guidance.
Ryan Lance: I probably didn't fully answer your question, Paul, sorry, but I don't think M&A is done in our business. I still think there is consolidation that will occur and needs to occur. There is too many players and is more difficult at these kinds of prices, clearly, but don't be surprised if you see more of it in our industry because I think it still needs to take place.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Freeman from Raymond James.
John Freeman: Good afternoon. Just a follow-up on Stephen's question earlier, where following the Concho merger, Lower 48 makes up half the company's production and again, realizing that your primary focus is just on low-cost supply. But just sort of how you think of kind of the long-term balance you're kind of striving for with the short cycle versus long cycle production? Obviously, you're benefiting tremendously with the uptick in the short cycle production, just as the oil price has had a big move up. Just maybe longer term, how you think about the balance? And does it - does the answer change at all based on the commodity environment?
Ryan Lance: No, not really. I think we're hyper-focused on cost of supply. We're pretty agnostic to gas oil, short, long, which is why we're interested in the North Field expansion in Qatar and continue to have interest in that and continuing to add to and improve our Lower 48 operation. So I'd say, we really - we don't really have ideal blend in mind that we're trying to drive to over time. We're pretty agnostic and just focused on the best rocks. They deliver the best returns. That's the competitive advantage in this business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leo Mariani from KeyBanc.
Leo Mariani: Hey, guys. Just a couple of quick questions here for you. Certainly, I just noticed that your first quarter of '21, Permian production was very strong. I did the math right, looks like it was up about 317,000 barrels a day versus the fourth quarter of '20, which looked to be well in excess of the contribution from Concho, which I think closed mid-January here. Just trying to get a sense of what drove that strong performance? Was there maybe like a larger group of wells that maybe came on in such a fashion that you saw a bunch of upside in the production? Is it stronger well performance, what drove that here in the first quarter?
Tim Leach: Yeah, Leo. This is Tim. We were projecting entering the first quarter at a pretty hot rate coming out of last year. And then with the storm slowed the capital down, but didn't really slow too much of production that was coming in from of our carry-on activity. And so I think as Ryan said, you'll see a more steady approach throughout the rest of the year. But yeah, it was an excellent quarter. Everybody is - in all the regions are hitting on all cylinders. I'm really pleased with the performance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Raphaël Dubois from Société Générale.
Raphaël Dubois: Thank you very much for taking my questions. The first one on the North Field expansion, with so many players earmarked with interest, can you tell us a bit more about how you can get involved in this project? It cannot just be about the price tag you're willing to accept, I guess. So what are you going to bring to Qatar that will make them accept to work with you? That would be my first question, please.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, Raphaël, I think it goes back to our long-standing commitment to Qatar, and we're in train figs cutter-gas three [ph] project, been there for a long time, and I think we've demonstrated the value. We have a water center in Qatar. So we've had strong relationships with the Qataris. And to your point, it's not only about the bid level, it's about the long-term relationship and the past relationship, the historic relationship that you've had. So they've been a great partner, a great owner to deal with. So I think just like anybody and our competitors, we rely on the history that we've got in the country and the opportunity that sits there, then we'll have to be competitive in our bid. And - but it has to work for us. So it has to be competitive in our financial framework. So it cuts both ways.
Raphaël Dubois: Great. And I have to ask you an ESG question. I understand you have this net-zero emission target by 2050. You gave an intermediate target for 2030. Can you, without pre-empting too much with what you will tell us in June, how to bridge the gap between 2030 and 2050? Do you already have an idea of what will be another layer of absolute reductions? And what will be the offset - the use of offsets that you will be contemplating?
Dominic Macklon: Yeah. Raphaël, it's Dominic here. So I mean, I think the - there's really two main thrusts there. The first is that we have a tremendous amount of work going on around the business units, around reducing emissions. This year, we have about 50 projects, reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions by $80 million, some great examples across Lower 48 and around the world. But in addition to that sort of incremental gains each year, we have launched our low-carbon technologies team, and that's very much in support of our Paris aligned climate risk strategy. Their primary focus is on those opportunities most relevant to our core business to support this and also to our core competencies. So areas of focus include renewable power sources to further reduce the emissions intensity of our operations. That's our Scope 1 and 2, carbon capture, use and storage and also carbon offsets are areas of initial focus. So I think that these are the areas that we're looking at right now, and we expect to develop those very much through the coming years.
Ellen DeSanctis: Hilda, this is Ellen. We'll take one final question, if you don't mind.
Operator: Thank you. The question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: Thanks for squeezing me in. Maybe a question for you or Tim, just given you've talked about all the debt repayment you're doing, and I was looking, obviously, you've still got a massive Lower 48 portfolio, my question is - and thirdly that even to that we've seen some very outstanding sales most recent was a smaller Bakken one just in the last year or so. My thought is pertaining to your Bakken, I noticed Tim mentioned, I don't think any rigs running in that area. Would you think about bringing forward either value from that or any other assets forward given the large size of your entire international portfolio?
Tim Leach: Well, I mean, we're looking over everything, Neal. So globally and here in the US, I think post the transaction with Concho, we want to make sure that every asset is competitive in the portfolio. And we're not lost on the fact that it's a reasonable market right now for sales. So you'll hear more about that in June.
Ellen DeSanctis: Hilda, I think we'll go ahead and wrap up. If you don't mind, give our listeners any closing instructions. I appreciate everybody's time and attention. I will see you in June.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-02 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Q4 2020 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Senara, and I'll be the operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.[Operator Instructions]. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis. Ellen, you may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Senara. Hello, and welcome to our listeners today. First, I’ll introduce the members of the ConocoPhillips executive team who are on today's call. We have Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Bill Bullock, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Matt Fox, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Tim Leach, our Executive Vice President of Lower 48, Dominic Macklon, our Senior Vice President of Strategy, and Technology; and Nick Olds, our Senior Vice President of Global Operations. Ryan will open this call with some prepared remarks, and then the team will be available for your questions. Before I turn the call over to Ryan, excuse me a few reminders. The results we released this morning reflect 2020 results for ConocoPhillips only. We will not be discussing any Concho specific results today. Beginning in the first quarter of 2021, results though reflect the combined ConocoPhillips Concho Company. We'll make some forward-looking statements this morning based on current expectations. Actual results could differ due to the factors described in today's press release and in our periodic SEC filings. We'll also refer just some non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and on our website. Thanks. And now I'll turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen, and thanks to all our listeners for joining today's call. Lately, I've been reflecting on this time a year-ago, we have just rolled out a groundbreaking multiyear plan for the company. The plan was anchored to a comprehensive philosophy and approach we've been espousing since 2016 that was aimed at reversing the failings of the E&P sector to create a sustained value for shareholders through cycles. What was that business model? Was reinvest about 70% of our cash flows into a lowest cost of supply resource to grow financial returns and free cash flow, return at least 30% of the cash flow to our owners, maintain a very strong balance sheet, and lead in ESG stewardship. Our multiyear plan gave the market a credible example of how this business model would work. Well, almost as soon as the income dried on our multiyear plan along came 2020. And for the entire year, nothing went as expected for any of us. But here's the thing. Despite the most challenging year in the history of our sector, our business model worked, the value proposition prevailed. We exercised available flexibility without forfeiting productive capacity. We high-graded our portfolio. We executed our programs and returned over 50% of our cash to our owners. Our balance sheet stayed strong and we continued to up our game on ESG. In other words, our value proposition passed the test of 2020. And this strengthened our conviction that we have the right model for this volatile sector. This conviction is what led us to acquire Concho in a transaction that will enhance our ability to deliver our proven value proposition. So we've turned the difficult experience of 2020 into an opportunity to emerge as an even stronger, more investable company for our sector. Earlier today, we announced fourth quarter and full-year 2020 results for ConocoPhillips. Because the Concho transaction closed after year-end, the results we reported today represents standalone ConocoPhillips performance for 2020. However, beginning January 1, our 2021 results will reflect the combined company performance. Now I don't plan to review the results we announced this morning. I just describe some of the important highlights from last year. But this morning's results should give you all confidence that the underlying standalone ConocoPhillips business is running very well, thanks to the many efforts of our workforce. And I can assure you, that Concho Permian business is running well, too. And again, thanks to our workforce in Midland. Our mindset as we start 2021 is all about doing the work and delivering the results that make us the best E&P company in the business and to align all of us here are our key focus areas for 2021. Our top priority is to create the strongest competitor in the business from the combination of ConocoPhillips and Concho. The closing of the Concho transaction cleared the way for us to begin comprehensive integration and optimization efforts across every part of our business. We're just getting started post-closing, but we are already taking actions that will drive greater efficiency and capture best practices to ensure we perform at the highest level organizationally, technically, operationally, financially and culturally. We have already identified the sources of capital and cost reductions to meet the $500 million target we set when the deal was announced. And I can report that we will significantly outperform those initial expectations as we review our processes, share best practices and organize for the new realities of the business. But let me put our revised saving expectations into perspective for you. Compared to pro forma, 2019 adjusted operating costs of approximately $7 billion, we anticipate being at an annual run rate of approximately $6 billion in 2022, assuming a similar production level of roughly 1.5 million barrels a day equivalent.  Now this billion-dollar reduction, about $400 million of that was driven by actions taken by both companies prior to the deal announcement, with the remaining savings to be realized through cost reductions implemented in conjunction with the transaction. And it represents a major value upgrade for the company because it greatly enhances the competitiveness of our free cash flow generating capability, which is how we’ll win. We'll be implementing our cost reduction actions throughout 2021 and will provide updates on our progress along the way. The next priority is execute the announced operating capital plan of $5.5 billion. This budget is comprised of sustaining capital of about $5.1 billion, with about $400 million that would be directed toward major capital projects, primarily in Alaska and ongoing appraisal activity. Now for this level of capital, we expect to produce about 1.5 million barrels of oil per day equivalent, which is roughly flat to 2020 pro forma production, adjusted for curtailments and asset sale. In this morning's supplemental material, we provided operating capital plan by segment. We expect to spend about 55% of our capital in the Lower 48, with the remainder allocated across our diverse global programs. We set the capital budget at about $5.5 billion for two principal reasons. First of all, the macro environment has firmed up recently, we're cautious about the trajectory and the timing of a recovery. Demand recovery is taking longer, spare supply remains and inventories remain elevated. It makes no sense to grow into this market environment. So we're choosing to stay at a sustaining level for the year. Second, we're committed to growing free cash flow, and we're setting up the company to be a significant free cash flow generator. That means maintaining capital discipline, but also driving program improvements that enhance uplift efficiency. In other words, we're driving free cash flow growth, not production growth.  At $5.5 billion of capital in 2021, and if current prices hold, we expect to generate significant additional free cash flow. In that situation, our dividend alone would not be sufficient to meet our target of returning greater than 30% of our CFO to our shareholders. You should not be surprised to see us reactivate buybacks as a channel and we always like the idea of improving net debt. A third key 2021 priority is engagement with our various stakeholders. This includes investors, regulators, government officials, partners, communities and our workforce. We're undergoing a significant level of change, both on the inside as we integrate our companies, but also in the external environment.  While we consider engagement part of ordinary business, there's no question this party has taken on a new level of importance in today's environment, especially given the recent industry-related announcements coming from a new Biden administration. Now, let me take a moment to address our thoughts about the administration's recent pronouncements of a temporary moratorium on leasing and permitting on Federal lands. I have to say we were not entirely surprised by the announcement. In fact, President Biden said during the campaign that he would issue a temporary moratorium on new leasing.  As for the permitting moratorium, the administration has publicly indicated this is a temporary pause and that they will continue to issue permits. Obviously, we hope these temporary actions are resolved in a timely fashion and we're certainly watching the situation closely. Now, from our perspective, some of the recent executive actions targeting U.S. oil and gas production will have a negative economic and environment consequences to the American people. If the moratoriums become permanent, they will eliminate well-paying jobs mainly in rural America, slower economic recovery, negatively impact energy and national security, and increase our reliance on higher GHG for minerals. We certainly want to avoid these outcomes. So we stand ready to work with the Biden and team, as we did successfully with the Obama-Biden administration to find balanced solutions to address the issues. As for the questions of what a permitting moratorium could mean for ConocoPhillips specifically, let me take that head on. While we certainly are going to engage to protect our interest, ConocoPhillips has the flexibility, the diversity and the depth of low cost of supply and low GHG resource to manage through this issue without materially impacting our plans. And a final 2021 priority, we will be continuing to up our game on another issue that is very important to our stakeholders, namely ESG. This is an area where we have a long-term demonstrated track record of commitment and performance. But clearly there is heightened interest across all of industry on this topic. We continue to accept our responsibility for continuing ESG improvement and in fact, embrace the opportunity to be an industry leader. Last year, we became the first U.S. based upstream company to adopt a Paris aligned climate risk strategy. We set internal emission reduction targets that are consistent with the goals of that agreement, and are taking significant measures to monitor and reduce methane emissions across our operations. In addition, we're actively advocating for well-designed price on carbon in the U.S., because we believe that's the most economically efficient and effective step definitely taken by the U.S. to set the world on a sustainable path to long-term GHG emission reductions. While we work diligently to reduce emissions on a parallel path, we have established a low carbon team within the company. That team is conducting in depth studies of energy transition alternatives, monitoring trends, and evaluating the economics and the viability of these alternatives for ConocoPhillips over time. Our board is engaged with the team and its work and we're committed to continuing our analysis on this important topic. But at least for now, we believe the highest value we can create for all our stakeholders is by being the best E&P Company in the business. The world needs clean; low cost barrels that are safely delivered by disciplined, free cash flow and returns focused companies like ConocoPhillips. 2020, was indeed a challenging year. But the lessons and accomplishments we took from it put us in great stead, not only for 2021, but as a $75 billion enterprise value industry leader. We're in a unique position to help transform the perception and the performance of our sector with a clear vision of what we need to do, deliver value from the Concho transaction, execute our 2021 operating plan, engage with our stakeholders, and keep pressing on ESG leadership. We look forward to keeping you informed and of that progress as we go throughout the year. Now, let me turn that back over to the operator and we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Doug Terreson from Evercore. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Terreson: Hi, everybody.
Ryan Lance: Hello, Doug.
Doug Terreson: Ron, ConocoPhillips has emphasized cost-effective energy supply ESG leadership, which you just referred to and competitive returns to shareholders, which has really been a prescient approach and one that most of your peers have ended up emulating over the past couple of years.  And while having a good head start is usually a good thing, a paradigm shift seems to be underway in energy with investor expectations for management teams change into. So my question is, what are some of the things that the management team is going to need to do to sustain its leadership position in this new environment to continue to be the best E&P company with these new realities, I think, is the way you phrased it a few minutes ago? So that's my question.
Ryan Lance: All right. Thanks, Doug. And first, a big call out and congratulations on your retirement. We know we're going to probably see your name around. You've been an incredible partner and thought leader in the industry, and you've gotten there right more times than you've gotten it wrong. So kudos to you as well. So thank you. Yes, Doug, it’s really good, lot of external pressures right now, certainly, on the industry and on what's happening with the new administration. I guess, I go back to kind of our three areas that we think are really critical for success of an E&P company. And I think it starts with returns on and returns of capital. You've got to generate a competitive return for our shareholders in this business. You got to do that sustainably and through the cycles. And we think that's critically important, and we're well bought into that, as you know, for a number of years. And to do that, we've got to also deliver this low greenhouse gas, affordable energy all around the world. And that's going to be a part as we go through this transition. That's really important. I think it's maybe lost in some of the rhetoric today, just how important oil and gas is to this transition that that we're going to be going through over the next number of years and decades. And then, finally, you have to do that sustainably. We have to do that with the environment in mind. We can't put the planet through a great experiment. We've been an advocate of this and a supporter for a long-period of time. And as I described in my opening remarks, it's about taking care of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, and we're on a pathway to reduce that intensity by 2030. That puts us on the pathway to 2050 and the goal that's consistent with the Paris Agreement. So we think everybody needs to be focused on your Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. And then for Scope 3, we advocate for a price on carbon. We think that's the best way it's most economical way, it's most the best way that the market can deal with this issue and drive consumer behavior that takes -- that puts us on the pathway that's consistent with the Paris Agreement as well.  So that's how we've come up with our climate strategy and that's how we're dealing with this kind of contour around how do you get energy and make it affordable? How do you make it sustainable? And how do you make it resilient and something that shareholders can invest in?
Doug Terreson: And thanks for that, Ryan. And also, to be fair, it's been really easy to have ConocoPhillips as my top idea in E&P since you guys or since you became CEO in 2012, and that you guys originated the model for success in this sector. It's obviously worked and you stuck to it, so kudos to you and the team. Thank you for your leadership in the space and the pleasure has been all mine. Thanks again.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thank you, Doug. We'll miss you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team, and thanks for taking…
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Neil.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, Ryan. So I guess the kick-off question is about capital returns and, Ryan, you alluded to this. But as you look at 2021, at the $5.5 billion capital budget, where do you see the break-even to cover your dividend? Then I'm guessing the number is a lot lower than where the spot is right now. It's close to $58 Brent. And so how do you think about using a share buyback to take advantage of that excess cash flow, but also the dislocation, you've historically talked about the correlation between your stock and the price of oil and that correlation has recently broken down? So how do you think about leveraging excess cash flow via buyback to take advantage of a dislocation to the extent you see one?
Ryan Lance: Yes. So maybe I can take the latter part of yours, Neil, maybe Matt can chime in on break-evens and the first part of your question. But yes, you're right. Certainly, I know you guys can do the math and are doing the math pretty quickly these days. And certainly, at current prices, if they hang, we're going to be -- you shouldn't be surprised at all, for us to be back in the market and buying our shares back at kind of the level we were at pre-transaction. So we recognize that our commitment is to deliver 30% back to the shareholder. And we're committed to doing that. We recognize that the ordinary dividend today and the kind of market we're experiencing today and look at the forward curves that would be insufficient. So we recognize we'd have to take some of that free cash flow and return that to the shareholder. And that's certainly our commitment. And as I said in my opening remarks, always with what we experienced in 2020, having a really, really strong balance sheet is really important. So reducing our net debt is something of interest to it as well. So let me maybe, Matt, can chime in a little bit on the break-even numbers.
Matt Fox: Yes, Neil. Yes, 2021 is going to be a little bit noisy in establishing that because of some of the one-off costs. But when we get to 2022 in a steady state mode, and the break-even to cover the capital and for sustaining capital and the dividend is going to be somewhere around $40 a barrel consistent with what was shown at the time when we announced the transaction.  And, of course, –certainly, that's before we've considered then some additional cost savings that may come from capital reductions and margin improvements from commercial and supply chain and so on. So we're feeling very comfortable that we'll be consistent with that roughly $40 or a bit less once we enter 2022.
Neil Mehta: Okay, great. And then --
Ryan Lance: And I'd add, Neil, that – sorry, Neil, I'd just add that, we're taking the time to drive the efficiencies and free cash flow generating power through the transaction with Concho. And we're just getting started with that. We've been two weeks now since we got it closed. And I think we've got about a month of prices above $50 WTI as well. So we're just getting started and our focus is on trying to drive that as low as we possibly can and the teams are up for it.
Neil Mehta: Well, that's the follow for you, Ryan, it's just -- it's been a couple of weeks since you’ve gotten your hands on the Concho steering wheel. Just thoughts on what you're seeing so far. What is surprising to the upside? Anything surprising to the downside? And any quantification around the value creation that you've seen so far with the Concho assets?
Ryan Lance: No, thanks. I think I'd say we haven't seen a downside yet. We're just -- we're happy to have Tim and Will and Jack on the team and helping us get jump started in terms of what we're doing in the Permian Basin and building out the best practices, as Matt talked about.  So we're quite excited about the upside and the opportunity and just continuing to drive that efficiencies, free cash flow generation, get our assets on the -- on the Concho learning curve, and continue to drive the value. And that's what this year of kind of sustaining level of capital, we're coming into the same level that we came in out of 2020. And that gives us the chance to get the team really focused on driving those efficiencies and getting more out for every precious capital dollar that we're spending.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my call. So --
Ellen DeSanctis: Good morning, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Good morning. So I guess my question one is maybe on the medium longer-term, you'll be holding production flat this year, pro forma to 2020. And over the medium term has your view on the mid-cycle price of $50 WTI that change relative will underpin the 10-year plan. And I know you indicated that kind of go past the value proposition test of 2020. So is the plan to make their way back to that more than 3% production CAGR and the substantial through the cycle share buybacks, or as the macro and the Concho acquisition kind of made you think a little bit differently?
Ryan Lance: Well, maybe I'll start, and then let Matt chime in a little bit as well. I think long-term Jeanine, our view of the mid-cycle, if you think about it that way over a long period of time hasn't really changed. We see some potential for demand destruction coming out of this post-COVID that could be up to a couple million barrels a day. We also see some supply destruction as well. So on balance, we'd have a long-term view that the mid-cycle price hasn't really changed. I can maybe turn to Matt, he can maybe address kind of that medium term question that you asked, which I guess is kind of directed maybe over the next two, three, four years?
Matt Fox: Yes, Jeanine. The guidance, I mean, in the short-term we are facing perhaps price volatility issues as we work off inventories and we get use of best demand and supply. And plus our view is in the medium term, it's quite possible that we'll spend some time above mid-cycle prices. And add to this, a little bit, there's some demand reduction, we know there's been significant supply reduction particularly in year-end. And if you think of it, if you put some numbers to that, I mean U.S. current oil production was at 8.2 million barrels a day in December of 2019, and last year it was 7 million barrels a day. So that's a significant drop. And our view is that at $50 a barrel available at current and strip price is low 50s assuming with the sixth day in moratorium on permits, doesn't extend it for a long period, then U.S. tight oil will probably average around 7 million barrels a day for 2021 at least that's our sense of it. And if you take that and look into 2022, that's at least 2 million or 3 million barrels a day below the COVID, the pre-COVID trend. So assuming demand is back in 2022 and assuming U.S. producer discipline holds, I think it's reasonable to expect a few years above mid-cycle but on balance they're underlined mid-cycle for the longer-term adjusted EPS.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great.
Ryan Lance: And then to the latter part of your, into the latter part of your question. Jeanine, we're pretty committed to the 30% return of cash back to the shareholder that -- we're -- we believe that's the right model for this industry and we're committed to doing that.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. And then my follow-up is to maybe digging in a little on Neil's question, and I apologize for pressing you on this little bit, but I think that Conoco's cash return model is extremely differentiated. Not a lot of companies on our list at all are able to return capital the way you can. But when you mention in terms of potential expectations for the buyback to resume, you said it could be maybe around the level at pre-transaction -- pre contract transaction level. So I know that you had announced like a billion dollar buyback in 4Q 2020 alone, which got cancelled. So, are we supposed to be anchoring around that? Or is it more kind of the 2019 expectations?
Ryan Lance: Well I think you can do the math with these kinds of prices and calculate sort of the CFO that we generate and our commitment is to return 30%. So it's more similar to like, what we were doing before the transaction.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Hi, thanks for taking the question. So, first one here, I guess would just be on the outer year look at capital spending. And I know you're going to give us an update here in March when you just disclose the transaction. But I guess there's more directional nature, if you have any color about how you think about the moving pieces looking out, and I noticed that you do have some spending here in 2021, allocated for Willow as well. So should we be anticipating that that we'll be ramping up in 2022 and beyond at this point?
Ryan Lance: Yes, I can maybe give yes, we have an expectation to come back and talk about update you throughout the course of the year. And we kind of said, we come back in March, and certainly expect towards the latter part of the year, we need to come back to the market and describe our longer-term plans. We have thoughts and ideas around optimize plateau levels of spend for the assets, we do that at the company level and certainly do that at the asset level as well in the Lower 48 and across our portfolio, including the Willow asset and I can have Nick describe a little bit about what we're doing today on the Willow asset. But we'll give that update to you Phil, longer-term. But expect that there'll be some ramp-up to an optimized kind of levels, both at the company level and the asset level, the law that's dictated by the recovery in this market. We got to see just what happens and how quickly supply and demand gets rebalanced in this -- in the global markets. So we're watching that really closely. But understand that, there's going to be a ramp-up to some, some optimized level. And that's where we're busy trying to assess right now and understand after the Concho acquisition. Maybe I can have Nick, add a few comments on the Willow piece specifically.
Nick Olds: Yes, Phil, this is Nick. Just take you back a little bit to Q4 2020. As you've seen, we crossed through two major milestones around permitting. For Willow, we have the record of decision by the BLM in October. And then the Army Corps of Engineers 404 permit allows us to put gravel for roads and pads. For this year, we've got part of that capital, the advancing engineering through our feeds. So we took feed end of December, that's a major decision gate within the company. So advancing front end engineering and design, and then we plan to move to detailed engineering sometime this year. And then part of the scope for 2021 is also some small civil construction to put gravel and start the road system for Willow. And then we're targeting FID final investment decision later this year. So we'll advance the detailed engineering which will impact that overall decision.
Ryan Lance: So we're watching it closely, Phil, and if things move to the right because of this current administration, or somehow we get curveballs thrown at us, we have not taken FID yet. We've got a lot of flexibility around how fast we actually ramp-up at Willow and what our options are around that.
Phil Gresh: Got it, okay. Thank you. A follow-up question there to Neil's question on the break-even, understood on the 2022 kind of still normalizing at a 40 to 41 TI which I presume includes the incremental synergies that you've discussed today. But with respect to the transient factors for 2021, I was hoping just a little bit more color there. Is that just the severance that you're referring to as the one-offs or were there other things because I think there were some things like LNG distributions and a lag effect and other things, but anything else you could share would be helpful. Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I can have Dominic; he is leading up the integration efforts around the two companies and describe some of those transaction costs and in relation to the synergies.
Dominic Macklon: Yes, Phil, the – obviously -- there's obviously severance costs here in terms of where we have duplicate labor and other savings. There is obviously fees and associated with that. But once we get through this year, and get through those costs, I think we're focused really on what our cost structure will look like. So maybe just to give a bit of an update on that, I want to be clear about that. The integration is going well. That's on the system side, the organization side. And we're -- we do have line of sight to exceed our targeted $500 million costs in capital savings we announced at the time of the transaction. So if you remember that $500 million was made up of $350 million of operating cost savings, and $150 million of capital reductions and those really came across three areas. The direct savings from the transaction, restructuring our corporate staff groups to better align with our new portfolio on the ConocoPhillips side. And then stopping our new ventures exploration program, that reduced our targeted exploration spend from $300 million to $150 million a year. And in fact, our 2021 capital program of $5.5 billion reflects a reduced exploration capital spend along those lines. Now, our expected operating cost savings have now increased from $350 million to $600 million. So our teams have really done an excellent job turning over every stone both in relation to the transaction, and restructuring our center. So in total, the operating costs and capital reductions will now amount to $750 million. So we're up from $500 million to $750 million and we're still counting. I think, as Matt mentioned, we still have the opportunity for costs and capital efficiencies across our D&C spend, supply chain economies of scale, and also improved price realizations on the commercial and marketing side. So we do expect that $750 million to increase through the year, and we'll be providing another update on that in March. Now finally, just to tie back to Ryan's prepared remarks, with the operating cost savings having increased to $600 million, together with the $400 million of sustainable cost reductions, each company made, both companies made together in 2020, we anticipate our 2022 operating costs to be around $6 billion. And that's $1 billion less than our pro forma costs in 2019. And that was really the last normal year pre-pandemic. So it represents the best baseline, that's all assuming production flat at about 1.5 million barrels a day. So at the end of the day, as we think about -- we get through these transition costs this year, we then get into a run rate of about $6 billion, it's those bottom line costs that matter at the end of the day. And that's what we're very focused on to make really the company, the strongest competitor in the business from two already very strong companies.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alastair Syme from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alastair Syme: Thank you, and hello, everybody. Earlier today, one of your U.S. peers slashed their building growth forecasts by almost 40%. And I thought what was intriguing about that is on their conference call, there was not a single question asking about that revision. So it's almost like the market has swung the pendulum and now different pendulum works. So I wonder if you can really reflect on the trend you're seeing in efficiency cost and supply? And I think ultimately the question that the markets seem to believe that this business can be turned into one that generates free cash flow. Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I'll start Alastair and maybe let Tim chime in. He's our President, Permian Expert that we're enjoying having on the team. But I think as we look at it, what drove our decision around the transaction early on is looking for the lowest cost of supply resources, we could find in the world today in the companies that owned it. And that's what drew us to Concho and the transaction that we announced back at the end of last year. So when we look at it, and we looked at the performance inside our own company, and now that we've gotten a look under the hood, deeper on the Concho side, we're pretty pleased with what we're seeing and continue to see efficiencies and free cash flow growth above and beyond that. And maybe ask, Tim, he can supply a little bit of color to that as well.
Tim Leach: Yes, just to follow-on by saying how pleased I am to be here and how well I think that Concho fits within this portfolio. But specifically to the Permian Basin, we were operating a really efficient program coming into this deal; Conoco was also operating very efficiently. And as I was reminded recently, the program we're executing right now is generating the best economics that we had seen during most of my career. So it's pretty exciting to have the inventory that we have, and have the opportunity then to go in and make that better and making it better makes it more capital efficient, which will greatly expand the free cash flow and drive down the cost of already low cost of supply area. So we really see opportunity to really enhance the economics of what we're doing together. So that's -- that's the exciting part of going forward.
Alastair Syme: Can I ask you think the industry in 2020 has managed to bring the cost of supply down further in Permian? Or is it difficult to tell?
Tim Leach: I'm not sure we caught that, Alastair. Say it again.
Alastair Syme: Sorry the question is whether you think efficiency gains in 2020 has brought the cost of supply down in the Permian at all?
Tim Leach: Yes. Certainly I think we saw declining capital costs, but then also enhanced efficiencies from better designed wells, better designed spacing across the board. So yes, I do think the cost of supply came down dramatically in 2020.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Well, Ryan just wanted to jump in. I know, question was asked a little bit earlier, just got your hands on the wheel. With Concho, but maybe as a step back and looking at the overall company, thinking of your cost of supply portfolio review, the step away from the exploration as part of the savings from the transaction? Are you thinking of an overall portfolio kind of shake up in coming years? Or is everything that's in there, it really does make sense. And then as an addendum to that, just how you're thinking about some of the International LNG opportunities at this point?
Ryan Lance: Yes, Roger, we've made a lot of portfolio changes. I know when since we formed the company in 2012. And I think now as we look across the entire portfolio, we're pretty pleased with the resource base that we have, the cost of supply of all the major assets that we have in the portfolio. With that said, when -- if they don't compete for capital, we've demonstrated our ability to move them out of the portfolio. And we'll do that if their cost of supply gets higher, and they don't compete for capital. But that's how we're really focused and feel like the portfolio today is in a really good shape. What we're investing in is a less than $40 cost despite, it averages below $30. So we feel very comfortable, we can deliver the returns of capital, returns on capital, even through the cycles in this business with the portfolio that we have. And part of that includes those LNG projects that you described. Now, we did divested one at the end of last year in Australia. And we did that because we were concerned about the cost of supply and the GHG footprint amongst a few other things. But we are -- we do like the LNG projects, we think we're -- we like the market in Asia, we like the growing need for gas around the whole world. We're interested in competing in Qatar for another train. We think it's -- that should be coming soon. It's been certainly delayed with COVID like everything else, but if it fits our investment profiles and our investment thoughts around cost of supply, we'd like to participate in that because it ultimately lowers capital intensity and really helps, we think the overall portfolio. So we're still quite interested in that particular project. And then, obviously, we still have one of the trains in Qatar, and we have our APLNG project that's performing very well right now on top of it as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Ryan, appreciate the color that you provided on what you view in terms of the changes in administration and regulations there. But do you all anticipate that you're going to have some visibility to make your longer-term directions at some point? So when do you expect to have a firm direction by the administration? Or is there a risk that there isn't anything that that just clears your need?
Ryan Lance: Well, yes, Scott, I mean, we're watching the next 60 days really closely. And we've got to get back to probating rights and easements across public lands. And if that gets hung up or takes a lot of time, we'll have to, that's what we're watching very closely. We're already starting to see frankly a bit of loosening up of that, some permits getting approved. We said even during this moratorium wouldn't get approved. So that's what we're following pretty closely. And certainly we'll adjust our plans, if it turns out to be something other than temporary, which is what we're hearing from the Biden administration is that, it is to get their feet on the ground, understand the lay of the land, understand what was transferred to him from the prior administration, and understand how they're going to deal with those issues going forward. But we expect him to come back. We work very successfully with the Obama-Biden administration, on all these issues, and would expect to do it and take them at their word that this is temporary, and that we'll get back to business as usual, or at least something close to it after the 60 days.
Scott Hanold: Appreciate that color and then my follow-up, when you look at the synergies there, that you're looking to capture, can you discuss how much of that is included with what your commercial teams can do with the Concho assets? And remind me if that's included in that, and if you could give a sense of like what should we expect from that because I know certainly, obviously Concho was a two stream report, you guys had three stream. But what's going to be that transition period and there's some synergy upside in addition to what you've already spoken to?
Ryan Lance: Yes, so Scott, I think as Dominic described the $750 million of synergy that we’re talking about today does not include any commercial uplift to realize price benefits or supply chain enhancements or best practices that drive more capital efficiency. Those are yet to come. And we fully expect we're going to get significant uplift from those particular items as well. It's going to take us probably the better part of this year commercially, to understand all the different contracts you brought up two stream and three stream reporting. Ultimately, we'll go to three stream reporting for the combined assets, but it's going to take us some time to understand the restrictions and how quickly we can get there for the Concho assets. In fact, I think, Tim, was trying to get there as a company anyways. So they've ploughed a lot of ground in that regard. So it would just be a matter of getting to understand those contracts. But importantly, that's why, it's helpful to take a sustaining approach and just a stable approach to our execution this year, gives us the opportunity to really focus the teams on trying to drive those efficiencies and trying to drive those additional cost reductions, finding those opportunities on the supply chain and the commercial side of the business that are not included in the current estimate that we've provided to you. But hopefully update you again in March and provide you another look at where we stand and provide additional details as we go through the course of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Brackett from Bernstein Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bob Brackett: Thank you. My interest was peaked by your mention of the studies of energy transition alternatives, and my thought would be that there's a financial lens in thinking about that, does this compete for capital against other options in the portfolio? And I guess there's a strategic lens, which is, is this in our core capabilities? Is this something we could do better than most or better than the rest? How without giving away, how far along you are? What -- how do you frame those in terms of financial and strategic objectives?
Dominic Macklon: Bob, it’s Dominic here. If I can just talk a little bit about the low-carbon team that Ryan mentioned, that sits in our technology organization, and their work is really in support of our Paris aligned climate risk strategy, as well as monitoring opportunities more generally with the energy transition for the company. But you mentioned the competencies, and that's something we have to stay very focused on as to the contribution that ConocoPhillips can make overall to the energy transition. And so, their primary focus that low-carbon team we have now is focusing on those opportunities most relevant to our core business and to our core competencies. So those are things like carbon capture, use and storage, carbon offsets, alternative power sources to further reduce the emissions intensity of our operations. And so now they're also working with the BUs, or business units very closely to implement the lowest cost opportunities, we have to reduce operational emissions more broadly. So that is where our primary focus is. We're looking more broadly as well and monitoring. But as you say, at the end of the day, we've got to achieve the three things that Ryan laid out. We have to provide affordable energy to the world; we have to generate returns on and off capital with the shareholders. So we have to be very -- continue to be very disciplined and thoughtful about our capital allocation. But we have to do all this sustainably through ESG excellence. So and I think the key thing here is that we're very committed to our Paris aligned climate risk strategy and the work they're doing is in support of that over the longer-term.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, good morning, everyone. Happy New Year, everybody.
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate: I have two quick ones. Ryan, my first one is, I don’t know to the extent you can answer this, but I'm just wondering if the consolidation opportunity in your mind is over, obviously, there was a bit more going on in the S4 so I think first time you really had a chance, you spoke about it, elusive company [indiscernible] that was mentioned, I’m just wondering where do you stand now in terms of, are you still looking for additional opportunities, as we move to, I'd say recovery phase?
Ryan Lance: Well, thanks, Doug. I think our focus is just integrating these two great companies. And that's really the whole focus of the company right now. So I'd say we're not trying to be distracted on anything else other than driving the efficiencies, the cost reductions, free cash flow growth, and then applying all these best practices and learnings that we have across two great companies to the current company that we have. With that said, I don't think M&A is down in this business. I think you got to continue to drive down cost of supply; you want the best resource in the business. And you got to be the most sustainable company from an ESG perspective. And I think continuing to drive out costs in the business is going to be a good thing. So no, I don't think M&A is over. And, I think we've laid out our framework for how we think about that. But that's not on the radar screen right now, relative to our company, we're focused on, just driving the best results we can out of the transaction that we did with Concho.
Doug Leggate: Thank you for that. My follow-up obviously is another capital allocation question. And it's great to see Tim in the room. So I don't know one of you guys wants to answer this. But obviously, the Federal land exposure of the combined portfolio might change; let's say the -- where you decide to allocate capital. So as you think about the go-forward portfolio, how do you think about prioritizing capital allocation and maybe the store apart beaten up? What is the right longer-term growth for the combined portfolio, maybe that's a market question?
Ryan Lance: Yes, I mean much the right; I’ll take your last one first and maybe let Tim talk a little bit about the federal land exposure that you talked about. What's the right level for the company? I think, that's something that we work on every day trying to understand, we know there's a ramp-up to an optimized plateau for the whole company, and for the each one of the individual assets, and that's informed by the market environment that we find ourselves in the long-term mid-cycle price. And what production comes out of that's an output. We're not trying to drive a certain amount of growth; I think to an earlier question that we had. We're trying to grow free cash flow. We're trying to make sure that we get as efficient as we can, drive as much free cash flow growth as we can. And we'll take what the macro gives us and that would set capital allocation, and then we'll make sure that we're developing the lowest cost supply resources for that capital and doing that across our global portfolio. I think we've demonstrated that capability and have been really committed to it since we started down the journey as a big E&P company. So maybe let me have Tim, talk a little bit about your first part, Doug, on the Federal land exposure.
Tim Leach: Yes, thanks, Doug. To reinforce something that Ryan said, it's really great to have such strong assets in the Lower 48 with Eagle Ford and Bakken and Permian and then even the Montney in Canada. So we've got some of the best assets, unconventional assets in the business. And they're all in different places on this optimized plateau model, and from very early time to ones that are more fully mature. So as we go through time, that's part of the evaluation is allocating more capital to bring those assets up the plateau model. And that's really what we're working on now. On the -- just as a reminder to something you already know, on the Federal lease side. We said short-term that what's going on with the Federal leases really doesn't affect greatly any of our plans in the short-term. We can still deliver on everything that we've said, we're going to do. And as a reminder, we've got several decades of non-federal, high quality drilling locations throughout the portfolio. So it's really a great opportunity to be disciplined capital allocators.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Ryan, just curious that I mean we understand that it's probably too early to jump to any conclusion about what Biden administration may or may not do. But I think it sort of highlights the sort of operating risks of having the economy trade portfolio just in the U.S. So from that standpoint, does it shape your view in terms of the investment that you're going to make over the next five years in U.S. and in overseas to try and get some diversification? Or you don't think that will -- will change your view on that? And that if you do need to, within your portfolio, is that going to make any changes like for example, you previously said, Argentina will be on the driving forward that will be a candidate to, should you divest. And so does that makes those decisions being somewhat different?
Ryan Lance: Yes, Paul, I'd say there's a bit of recency effect with the Biden administration coming into path and putting all these executive orders. I'd caution everybody not to swing the pendulum too far, one side to the other. We know -- we've got a large position in North America, when you consider the Lower 48 Canada and Alaska, we recognize that but uncertainty around administrations in fiscal terms, and permitting and all that that really exists all around the whole world. We're kind of going through a little bit of that during the recency of this new administration. So I wouldn't get hung up. And we've really -- we've taken into consideration, but we're focused on just making sure we got the lowest supply resources, we're developing those. We do value diversification, as you've described. But we want to make sure it's diverse across our cost and supply mantra. So we're all about diversification. But it's got to be low cost supply. So we think about that globally. We think about it, when it comes down to allocate capital and certainly the company does have a large North American footprint, but we like it. And we've worked with prior administrations to get all our work done and we've permitted the activity, and we do it responsibly and sustainably. So we think we've got a good track record as a company. So I think that's where our focus and attention is at. Now on top of the exploration stuff, as Dominic said, we've reduced our allocation to kind of those new venture exploration opportunities from $300 million to $150 million. And that's where places that South America and other places around the world may not compete in the portfolio. So we'll be looking at trying to monetize those and potentially get out of them.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Todd from Simmons Energy. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks. Maybe a couple of quick questions on capital allocation. But first-off, I guess can you give us any color on relative capital allocation within the $3.1 billion that you planned for the Lower 48 in terms of Permian versus Eagle Ford versus Bakken or other? And then maybe as a follow-up, you had some pretty material explorations effects in Norway during 2020. How does that resource can be for capital in your portfolio, how might it be developed and how do you think about further exploration potential there in the region?
Ryan Lance: Yes, let me take your first one. No, we haven't split anything out Ryan in the Lower 48, so the $3.1 billion is being allocated the whole Lower 48 there'll be -- we’ll both provide more updates down the road as we go through the course of the year. I'll maybe ask Dominic, he is in-charge of exploration talk a little bit about, what's exciting about Norway? So yes, we did have some two pretty interesting and exciting discoveries there over the course of the last few months.
Dominic Macklon: Yes, Ryan, we actually had four successful exploration wells in Norway, over the last year-and-a-half, but most notably, the recent two significant discoveries Warka and Slagugle and I'm sure you know Slagugle was a Norwegian word for a type of owl. But anyway, the Warka discovery, both of these are near Heidrun. And so we would -- we're really pleased and excited about these. I think Warka -- well Warka is a gas condensate discovery, Northwest of Heidrun, prelim estimates of 50 to 190 million barrels equivalent. We’re the operator there. And then the Slagugle discovery is even near Heidrun. It’s oil and it's between 75 million and 200 million barrels, so we're really excited by that as well. And we're the operator there. So we would expect those being in the vicinity of existing infrastructure. We would expect those to be very low cost supplies, subsea tie backs is probably what we have in mind. But we have more appraisal work to do, this is a study here. Now, I might add, as well, we have just picked up a couple of new prospects, just near Warka and Slagugle in that area. So we're really pleased with the Norwegian exploration team and but at the end of the day, they'll have to compete in our portfolio and but we expect those will be quite competitive.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Boyd from Mizuho. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Dan Boyd: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in. Ryan, if I look back to your last Analyst Day, you talked about growth in the -- you're exceeding 3%. I know you've done a lot of questions on the call today about growth; you don't want to unnecessarily put a target out there. But if you look at where commodity prices are today, you look at your cash flow generation profile, you would have the ability to grow, I would say mid to high single-digit as we get out 2022, 2023, I don't think the markets actually looking for that type of growth, really from any oil and gas company. So can we think about while you have returning at least 30% cash flow as one number? Is there an upper end to growth that that we should think about as well?
Ryan Lance: Well, I don't think. As you said, the macro is growing at best 1%. So I don't think you'd see our company trying to target a growth rate that's high single-digit as you talked about again, that's going to be an output from our plans. And it only occurs as we deliver at least 30% of our cash back to the shareholder. I'll remind people that we've well exceeded that over the last number of years. And we want to make sure we've got a stronger balance sheet as we can have as well. So I don't put really growth numbers on it. It's an output to our plans. And that's a function of the macro environment we find ourselves in and how much cash flow we think we're going to have and making sure that we're giving an appropriate amount return to the shareholder and that the balance sheet stands in a strong position. So it's triangulating around all those issues. And so I think it's foolhardy to put out growth kinds of estimates, because I don't think they stand the test of time, nor a volatile market environment that we find ourselves.
Dan Boyd: So in other words, if we are above your mid-cycle price, we would expect you to return more cash to shareholders. So if you are and as you said, you have returned more than 30%. So we wouldn't be surprised if that number was in the 45% or even 50% range. Is that -- is that fair if prices were above that?
Ryan Lance: I think you just yes, look at our history. And, we value strengthening the balance sheet in the process as well. So I think about those two things.
Ellen DeSanctis: Hello, this is Ellen; we're close to the top of the hour. So we'll take our last question, please.
Operator: Absolutely, thank you. Our last question comes from John Freeman from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Freeman: Good afternoon. Thanks for sneaking me in. Just one question for me. When I think about the synergies and cost savings you've already provided it's now at about $750 million. You mentioned it doesn't include anything yet for the upside on savings from the marketing, and leveraging kind of Concho's expertise as well as the supply chain benefits. So I definitely think about the additional details on kind of capital allocation et cetera going forward that we could get in March. Is the thought that by at that point you all would have some be able to sort of quantify the benefits of all that or is it going to be a little bit too early for that?
Ryan Lance: No, I think we'll have more information in March, when we provide some more guidance items to the market. We know you need them. We know you need them to calibrate your models. So you should expect us be updating the synergies but those synergies are going to persist throughout the course of the year as we go into 2022. So we're going to be constantly kind of driving them, as much -- capturing as much of that as we possibly can. And we’ll continue to update the market in March in our quarterly calls. And then certainly have a more thorough market update probably towards the end of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Ellen.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Senara, and thank you to everyone for your time today and of course for your interest in ConocoPhillips. Please stay safe. And Senara, I'll pass it back to you for the wrap up comment.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Q3 2020 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Laura, and I'll be the operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis. Ms. DeSanctis, you may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Laura. Hello, and welcome this morning to our listeners. I'll first introduce the members of the ConocoPhillips executive team who are on today's call. We have Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Matt Fox, our EVP and Chief Operating Officer; Bill Bullock, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; we have Dominic Macklon, our Senior Vice President of Strategy, Exploration and Technology; and Nick Olds, our Senior Vice President of Global Operations. Ryan will open this morning with some prepared remarks, and then the team will take your questions. Before I turn the call over to Ryan, a few reminders. In conjunction with this morning's press release, we posted a short deck of supplemental material regarding the quarter onto our website, that's available for your access. Next, we will make some forward-looking statements this morning based on current expectations, as well as statements about the proposed business combination announced last week between ConocoPhillips and Concho. A description of the risks associated with forward-looking statements and other important information about the proposed transaction can be found in today's press release, all of which are incorporated by reference for purposes of this call. We'll also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today and reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and also on our website. Thank you. And now I will turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen. And good morning to our listeners. Before we get into our third quarter results, I'll take a few minutes to address last week's announcement of our combination with Conoco Resources. We spent a lot of time talking to the market over the past several days, and I'm pleased to say that the feedback has been positive. By the way, earlier this week, we added some annotations to our transaction deck for clarification. Today's call is a great opportunity to reflect on our conversations and reiterate the compelling merits of the transaction for both sets of shareholders. I'll start at the highest level. Our announced transaction with Concho combines two widely recognized leaders in the sector. ConocoPhillips has been a recognized leader in the returns on and returns of capital model for the business. And Concho has been a recognized leader in the Permian pure-play class. Yet while we're both best-in-class companies on a stand-alone basis by scaling up our existing returns focused business model, we are stronger and more investable within the sector, characterized by frequent price cycles, industry maturity, capital intensity and ESG focus. We'll be a nearly $60 billion enterprise that is uniquely positioned to create sustained value by embracing what we believe are the three essential future mandates for our sector. And these mandates are, first, providing affordable energy to the world, second, committed to ESG excellence, and third, delivering competitive returns. We believe the transaction accelerates our ability to successfully and simultaneously deliver on all three of these mandates. That's how we will win. Now let me take these mandates one by one in the context of our transaction. In all future energy scenarios, we know the world will need hydrocarbons as part of the energy mix for a long time, even as we see increasing adoption of low-carbon energy sources. However, we also recognize that the energy transition means the winners will be those companies with resources that can be affordably developed in a transition - in any transition scenario, including a less than two-degree scenario. That's the reason we've always been committed to having the lowest cost of supply resource base in the industry. The company will have a 23 billion barrel resource base with a cost of supply less than $40 a barrel. Conoco gets the benefits of our global, diverse and lower capital intensity portfolio attributes. ConocoPhillips gets the benefit of adding some of the best resources in the world. And by the way, we studied rock quality everywhere. Now let's move on to the second mandate, a commitment to ESG excellence. In conjunction with last week's transaction, we announced we're adopting a Paris aligned climate risk framework. We're the first US-based oil and gas company to do so. Our framework includes specific emissions intensity reduction goals, a commitment to no routine flaring, permanently installed methane monitoring and advocating for a well-designed carbon price in the US. This framework is in service to our ambition to reach a net zero operational emissions target by 2050. Now we've announced in our engagement meetings if this framework included the portfolio effects of the Concho assets. The explicit answer is no. We were preparing to issue our new climate risk framework before the transaction was agreed. However, we see the addition of Concho's assets as being consistent with and accretive to these goals. The production emissions of the US unconventionals are among the lowest GHG intensity assets in the world. So the addition of these resources will be a benefit to our projections, plans and targets. Now the third mandate, delivering competitive returns is an imperative for attracting and retaining investors to the sector. Our company has been all about returns, and that will change. In fact, the combined company will be uniquely positioned to deliver on the proven returns focused proposition we know investors a lot from our sector because of several advantaged attributes and demonstrated priorities. For example, as I just described, the transaction creates a massive, resilient, low cost of supply resource base. I discussed this as part of mandate one, but also add that low cost of supply is best assurance, by definition, for delivering competitive financial returns through price cycles. After the deal closes, we'll publish our combined cost of supply curve. I have no doubt it will be best-in-class. By the way, we've been asked about how we view risk in the event of a change in leadership in Washington. Our view is that while it might create some headwinds for the industry, our company's global diversification and a mix of private, state and federal leases in the US assures that we are competitively positioned for that outcome, and we accounted for this potential risk in our evaluation of the overall transaction. Diversification and low capital intensity matters. And as I just mentioned, we preserve those portfolio characteristics. Adding Concho's unconventional assets into our portfolio will not make a material difference to our base decline rate. That means we retain our diversification and low capital intensity advantage for the benefit of both shareholders. We’ll apply our disciplined and consistent approach to future investment programs, capital will be allocated first on a basis of cost of supply and then based on secondary criteria, such as flexibility, capital intensity, asset optimization, affordability and free cash generation. And our expanded Permian program resulting from the transaction will be integrated within the total company plan to optimize overall outcomes and value. The combination creates greater visibility on earnings expansion and free cash flow generation. Factoring in our announced $500 million targeted cost and capital savings, the transaction is accretive on all key consensus financial metrics, including earnings, free cash flow and free cash flow yield. Finally, our strong balance sheet, plus free cash flow generation means we're even better positioned to give investors what they want from this business, returns of capital. The transaction enhances our ability to meet our stated target of returning more than 30% of our CFO to our owners annually. And this target isn't an ambition. It's what we've been doing for the past four years. In fact, we returned over 40% of our CFO to owners over that period, and it will remain a key part of our future offering. The bottom line, this transaction creates a best-in-class competitor of scale to thrive in a new energy future that is compelling for shareholders for both companies. Now a few comments on what to expect next. Our S-4 filings should be filed in the next couple of weeks, and we expect the transaction to close in the first quarter of 2021. Integration planning is already underway. Dominic Macklon will lead the effort for ConocoPhillips and Will Drow [ph] lead the effort for Concho. Both sides are excited and committed to a very successful integration. As part of the integration planning, we'll begin to evaluate how best to optimize our future investment programs. We would expect to announce pro forma CapEx for next year shortly after closing. But directionally, on a stand-alone ConocoPhillips spaces, we remain cautious on the pace and timing of recovery. So as a place to start, we're currently thinking we enter 2021 CapEx at a level that is roughly similar to this year's capital, meaning little to no production growth on a stand-alone basis. Of course, we retain the flexibility to adjust as the year progresses. We have the capital flexibility, the balance sheet and the cash on hand to respond as necessary to changes in the macro while meeting our capital return priority. And that brings me to a few comments on the third quarter results. It's certainly been a revolver [ph] year for the business, as we all know. The company took some significant actions to respond to the downturn, including production curtailments. And over the past couple of quarters, we also carried out our major seasonal turnarounds, saw a bit of noise in the second quarter and third quarter numbers. But by the end of the third quarter, the curtailment program was behind us, the seasonal turnarounds were complete, and the underlying business was running very well. As you saw this morning's release, third quarter results were in line with expectations. We've reinstated guidance that you should think of - and you should take the fourth quarter as the new baseline for 2021 capital and production. Those I just mentioned, that's subject to ongoing monitoring and market conditions. We look forward to keeping you updated on our integration progress and our future plans for the business. And finally, we hope everyone is safe and well. And now I'll turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Yes, hello. So first question, just wanted to ask about the quarter here. It looks like there are some moving pieces around cash flows, affiliate distributions and some other factors there. So I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color there and help us think about how you would define the clean CFO in the quarter?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Phil. I'll let Bill Bullock can answer that for you. Thanks.
Bill Bullock: Hi, Phil. So yes, for the quarter, cash from operations, ex working capital was about $1.230 billion. And we had a couple of one-time benefits in the quarter, a legal settlement and an audit settlement totaling $130 million of that. But we also had curtailments in the quarter of about 90,000 barrels a day. So the foregone cash flow for that would have been about $150 million of cash. So if you think of a clean run rate number for the quarter, a good place to be thinking is about $1.250 billion for the quarter. Now you asked about equity distributions. We did have a distribution from APLNG in the quarter. We received distributions through the second quarter of about $500 million from APLNG. And for the remainder of the year, we're expecting a little under $200 million in the fourth quarter. That would give a full year distribution of somewhere around $680 million to $700 million for the year.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Great. Very helpful. I guess this kind of dovetails in my second question, which is we continue to get some questions here around this pro forma CFO guidance that you provided. And so if I look at the results, you just talked about the $1.25 billion and what Concho reported the other night, which I think ex-hedges, was around 500. Perhaps you could help us bridge these results, which I think are about $41 WTI to the 7 billion, $40 WTI guidance that you provided?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Phil. I know there's a number of moving parts there, as you described in. Yes, we've had a few people point out that they bought the 7 billion at $40 a barrel for the combined company, looked a little bit light. So that we've seen in the third quarter, if you adjust for Concho's hedging benefits and what Bill just described on our equity affiliates, I think you get something closer to the mid to high 7s at $40. So maybe I'll let Matt add a little bit of color to those details.
Matt Fox: Yes. If you look at the clean third quarter for both companies, Bill explained it would imply somewhere between 7.5 and 7.8 at $43 a barrel. Now that the range is basically that is on the uncertainty in the equity affiliates distribution. If we've got similar distributions to this year, we'll be at the top end of that range. And these numbers also include the pro forma assumption that we get, the full year of expected cost savings that we announced, which was $350 million of cash, and that's what shows up in these numbers. There's also the $150 million of capital, that doesn't affect CFO directly. Does that help, Phil?
Phil Gresh: I hope so.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Terreson: Good morning, everybody.
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Terreson: One of the hallmarks, Ryan, of Conoco and Phillips before the merger and even after the split in 2012 has been corporate agility is the way I'd like to think about it. And the ability to create value in strategic transactions over the near and medium-term periods. And on this point, while you guys have been pretty clear about the operating and capital cost benefits that you're going to get, as well as some of the enhancements that you're going to get from a higher quality investment portfolio.  My question is whether there are areas that you're optimistic about that may or may not be as obvious that stand to deliver further upside, areas that you're really confident about similar to situations that you've had in the past with other transactions? And then second, what are the two to three most important things that you think that the new management group brings to the organization? So two questions.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Doug. I'll maybe start and let Dominic add a few comments. You're right. When we put out the synergy number, we see a lot of other synergy numbers that people put out there, and it seems like a fair amount of arm waving. We want to be pretty specific about the $500 million that we described. But if you look at the second page, which I think is what you're alluding to a little bit, but I can let Dominic add on. Yes, we fully expect that we're going to get additional opportunity either through price uplift or various other forms to add incremental value to this transaction. Dominic, maybe you could describe a little bit of what the integration team is going to be looking at.
Dominic Macklon: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. And Doug, thanks for the question. Actually, we're very focused on delivering the $500 million that we have put out there as a commitment. But certainly, we see opportunity beyond that. I think we kind of outlined those in our deck. I think just to talk more about those specifically. I think the ones that we're most optimistic about. On the marketing side, Concho typically sells our product to the wellhead. We sell further down the value chain to improve realization. So we have a very strong commercial group, ConocoPhillips. So we're certainly excited about that.  Concho have been doing extremely well in the Permian on the drilling completion costs. The performance has been excellent and they're further down the learning curve on us there. So we do expect to see that to accelerate the performance on our acreage too. And of course, we expect improved performance across the Lower 48 from sharing best practices and technologies between Eagle Ford and the Permian and the Bakken and so on. So definitely, operational efficiencies.  And then on the supply chain side, obviously, we're going to have increased purchasing power, scale, flexibility. So we're anticipating upside in all these areas and some additional areas to that we'll be working on in the coming months here. So Will and I are already talking about these, we're pretty excited about it, and we'll look forward to see how these develop through next year.
Ryan Lance: And maybe your last question, Doug. So Dominic mentioned well over and then what Tim -- what we really appreciate out of what they bring to our company is some incredible Permian expertise and experience. They have the networks. They have broader and deeper networks than we really have in the Permian, given their long time association and presence there and what Tim has built is two or three goals added in what he's done over the last 30 years in the Permian Basin. And I'll tell you, I've had a lot of conversations with CEOs over the course of the last couple of years. And when I've come to appreciate, Tim shares a passion for this business and a vision for what it's going to take to be successful over the next decade and beyond. That is really consistent with my view or our view of what it's going to take to really succeed and beat the competition.  And then I'd say, finally, probably, we're both very committed to a successful deal. And we're both committed to getting the secret sauce that is ConocoPhillips, combined with the secret sauce that is Concho. And make something that's even better going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Great. Thanks guys. I appreciate it. Thanks for taking my questions. So the first is a follow-up on distributions, including from APLNG, but just equity affiliates broadly. Just how do you think about that, you made that we shouldn't expect that to be ratable. Can you talk about different oil price levels? And how we should be thinking about modeling those distributions coming into the business?
Bill Bullock: Yes. Sure, Neil. This is Bill. I think as you're thinking about equity affiliates, we've talked in the past how they aren't ratable. You should be thinking about the distributions from APLNG, in terms of being more significant in the second and fourth quarter and lighter in the first and third. But as you think about going into next year and you look at more like strip prices for next year, if you're thinking of the range of $600 million to $800 million, from equity affiliates at those kind of pricing, that's going to -- that gives you to the ballpark. It obviously depends on, how they're performing in terms of the markets. And how we're optimizing our capital over an APLNG, but that will get you pretty close.
Neil Mehta: Great and Ryan as a follow-up…
Bill Bullock: And just as a reminder, Neil, we do have a sensitivity for that in our price deck, for the pricing.
Neil Mehta: That's right. That's right. Yes.
Ellen DeSanctis: In the supplemental materials we included today.
Neil Mehta: Okay, guys.
Ryan Lance: Yes, go ahead, Neil. You had a second follow-up?
Neil Mehta: Yes. It was really just about Alaska. And I know we're a couple of days away from the election, that this is probably a very sensitive topic, but just sort of your temperature on the Fair Share Act. And just in general, your message around Alaska. And you think about the cadence of spend and investment there?
Ryan Lance: Yes, you bet. I'll let - Matt's been following that closely. I have too, but that's got an answer.
Matt Fox: Yes, Neil. I mean, as you know, there are really three moving parts. They're topical just now, there's the ballot initiative to increase the production tax. There's the status of the Willow project. And there's the impact, if any, of a change in administration, if that happens on federal land permitting. So I probably should talk about three of them, so that we can hopefully clear up Alaska with this one question. So as you know, the ballot measure would impose a tax increase in production. That's going to have two problems to adverse effects. It's going to reduce the competitiveness of investment in Alaska. And it's going to increase, uncertainty and instability. So that's not going to be good. And we've got years of development opportunities left in Alaska, but a shift of capital from Alaska elsewhere is going to be rational, if taxes will increase. I mean this is a production tax. And what your tax more, you get less of. So, that should be expected, if those advocating for this. And voting for the proposal should understand that. And we've been pretty clear, so that we were to avoid any doubt in Alaska, that if the passes, drilling in the big three fields, the targets of the tax increase, it's not going to resume in 2021 and maybe beyond that. So the Alaska jobs, contract labor, all the associated services are going to be adversely impacted by this change. And the contractors, the unions, all the other businesses up there understand this, and they've proposed the most part opposing the change in the tax regime. But it's now up to elector to decide and elections of consequences. So we're getting down with a wire here, and we really feel we have to be clear with the Alaska voters.  On the Willow project itself, we passed a big milestone earlier this week. We got a favorable record of decision from the BLM after it's more than two years of process. So that keeps us on track with our project timeline. And it's worth understanding that, that permit was received under the 2013 integrated activity plans. So the National Petroleum Reserve the rules that were set under the -- the administration. So they should stand up well to scrutiny under changing administration if that happens. So we're working towards the concept selection and moving to feed by the end of this year, so just assumes the ballot measure fails and taxes are not increased. If it passes, we'll need to reconsider the timing because it will -- directly, targeted by the tax increases, there's going to be a knock-on effects in the oil fields because of the lack of available capital. And then the last one is the federal land and permitting in Alaska. The more generally, if there's a change in administration, we would expect that to have a relatively limited impact on us. I mean although 65% of our acreage is on federal land only represents about 5% of our production. Now some coming production, GMT 2, in particular, is on federal land, but it's still underway. First production will be at the end of next year. So we don't expect that it will be affected at all. Willows on federal land, of course and -- but neither Willow or GMT 1 or GMT 2, the federal land drill sites is anything other than conventional to simulation techniques. So if fish is about fracking there, they shouldn't be influenced by that. So I guess, we've been clear with Alaska about the implications of Ballot Measure 1. We expect any implications of the change in administration in D.C. to have a relatively limited impact on us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking our call.
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Good morning. Maybe sorry just one more on Alaska, if I could, real quick, following up on Neil's question. It's a little bit different. But I mean, last year, on the Analyst Day, you talked about how Willow would be contingent upon selling down 25% of your position in Alaska? And we know that you need resolution on Ballot Measure 1 first. But is that 25% sell down, still the case now that you have Concho assets in the portfolio? And then maybe just on that, for the Ballot Measure 1, we know it's a citizen ballot measure. And do you think that it could be likely that the legislature would potentially overturn any decision?
Matt Fox: Yes, Jeanine, this is Matt again. We didn't really say it was that the explicitly tie a Willow decision to sell down, but we're still anticipating that we will to sell down in Alaska. We just slowed the timing of that down until we get some of these uncertainties resolved. So it's still on the current so we'll make an adjustment to equity in Alaska. But we may still continue to proceed with the project. In the meantime -- so the timing of the project isn't contingent on the sell down, I guess, is what I'm saying. On the ballot measure one and then can the – could the legislature overrule that? Not really. Not going to take a little bit of time for that. They would have to come up with an alternative that was substantially similar or the – so it wouldn't be – sound unlikely that we would overturn the lock stock and barrel.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. That's really helpful. Thank you very much. My follow-up question is just on the cash allocation priorities. And you indicated in your prepared remarks that 2021 CapEx should be about similar to 2020 with little to no production growth. The strip moves around a lot. It's kind of moving against us all today. But is the right way generally to think about it is that, in the mid-40s threshold, that threshold that you have for production growth, it's a hard and fast criteria that needs to be met? Or are there just a bunch of other considerations that we would need to factor into the decision-making process?
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think we -- as I tried to describe, we basically use cost of supply. And I think, as we think about the forward curve or – and thinking about our plans for 2020. And again, I mentioned those on a stand-alone basis for ConocoPhillips. That's kind of how we're thinking about it going into next year. It's just not cost of supply, but it's also what kind of cash flow are we projecting to make. And we have the benefit of a very strong balance sheet, so we can use some of that, should we need to. But, certainly, we'd be also trying to balance the cash we're making with the CapEx that we're spending in the dividend that today satisfies 30% of our return criteria and more, given the kinds of prices that we're seeing. So, certainly, some headwinds into the commodity price outlook right now, some with COVID resurgence and demand certainly hasn't started to recover. And depending on what NOPEC or OPEC does on the supply side and what the U.S. response is, we're watching all of that really closely to make sure that whatever program we put in place for 2021, we can balance with the cash flows that we expect and make sure that we're investing in the lowest cost to supply things that we have in the portfolio only.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Silverstein from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Josh Silverstein: Yes. Thanks guys. Maybe just gearing off that last question there. You've mentioned that for Concho stand-alone CapEx, it would be very similar on a year-over-year basis. What would the Concho stand-alone volumes look like relative to the fourth quarter 2020 volumes under that scenario?
Matt Fox: Yes. Josh, we would be – we'd expect, under that scenario, to be similar to fourth quarter or second half of the year sort of rates, at that sort of level. So that would be roughly 4.3 is what we're spending this year, which is a bit above our sustaining capital. So, I want to take that opportunity to clear that up. Because flat production and yet above our sustaining capital. So let me try and maybe explain why that's different. So if we were going to execute a long-term sustaining strategy for the company, the – we need about 3.8 for ConocoPhillips stand-alone. And that was sustained production at one point, but roughly a bit below 1.2 million barrels would be. The - but with the low-cost of supply that we have in the portfolio, we don't expect that our long-term strategy will be to simply sustain production. The investment opportunities are too competitive for that. But what Ryan is really indicating is that we could execute a tactical sustaining program, much like we have this year and start 2020 with that sort of tactical sustaining program and then see how demand recovery and supply response shape out. And the distinction between us or tactical and strategic sustainable program is tactical sustaining program, we would still keep production flat, but we wouldn't completely shutdown projects like Willow or exploration activity. But those things will still continue with the anticipation that they ultimately we'd move away from simply sustaining back to some modest growth. So, those are the things that we're working through just now in the plan. But as Ryan said, we shouldn't expect us to communicate 2021 capital guidance certainly for the combined company to sometime after the transaction closes.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I would add, Josh, we have a lot of flexibility with the balance sheet, which is why if we go in at a similar level of capital to this year, it may be flat to modest growth, so it doesn't necessarily equal flat production at the capital level going in next year. But that's something we'll continue to watch as the macro evolves around us.
Josh Silverstein: Excellent. And then you mentioned that the Lower 48 assets, or, I guess, the unconventional assets, the lowest emission part of the portfolio and the Concho assets only add to that. I'm curious what the highest asset is? And does any sort of the international portfolio? Do you think about M&A in that regard as well, maybe those candidates that kind of accelerate towards getting to your 2030 path?
Matt Fox: Yes. So the highest emissions assets in the portfolio, just now in the operated portfolio, it's really is oil sense. That's why we're so focused on looking at ways to bring oil sands emissions down and we've got a lot of irons in the fire there. We're going to extend our non-condensable gas injection, which brings down steam oil ratio by keeping heat in the reservoir. And of course, it's a steam oil ratio that drives the emissions intensity. We're also going to be deploying more of flow control devices. That brings the steam ratio down we're moving to add some sustaining pads. As some of the pads get older, their steam oil ratio increases. When you put new pads on, they can very low steam oil ratio. And there's other technologies that we're looking at there as well. So, what we're doing basically across the board as we're looking at all of our greenhouse gas intensity across every asset that we have. And we're asking ourselves, what can we do to cost effectively bring that down. And that's what our - we bring that process together in what we call our marginal abatement cost curve. And we have about 100 projects, and they're just now -- some of them are desktop exercises and feasibility studies. So, we spent about $90 million this year between capital and operating cost on those projects. But we look across the whole asset base ways to bring that down.
Ryan Lance: And our targets, Josh, that we establish the 35% to 45% reduction that doesn't require major portfolio changes to go do that. So, we're not talking about having to sell certain assets that Matt described. That's things that we have identified inside the portfolio to work on with the portfolio being relatively constant over this time.
Matt Fox: Yes. It's actually -- that's a good point, Ryan. It's mostly driven by the fact that we're -- it's a sort of strategic shift in where we're investing. We're investing in lower greenhouse gas intensity places like the unconventionals in the U.S. and Canada, like in low Alaska, which is a very low-intensity as well. So the percentage of our production, that's very low-intensity increases with time. And when you combine that with reducing the emissions intensity of our existing assets like the oil sands, that's how we've delivered the reduction in the emissions intensity over the next 10 years. It's not …
Ryan Lance: And Matt described, sort of, the cost and capital is small amounts to get this plan. We're not talking about spending hundreds of millions of dollars of capital to go deliver this. This is small projects that are currently baked into our plans.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Roger Read: Thank you. And good morning. 
Ryan Lance: Good morning. Roger.
Roger Read: Just I'd like to kick on really kind of a follow-up, what we're talking about with Josh there. As you think about 2021 CapEx, roughly flat, and you said you ought to be nimble next year for what comes. What would be the things you would be looking at? I mean, presumably not simply oil price up or down. I mean, it's – I assume it’s some macro factors. Maybe help us kind of understand some of the signals you might look for getting more optimistic in ‘21?
Matt Fox: Yes. I mean it would be macro. We have to see how the demand response to what looks like a slower response than people were hoping for, especially with Europe and possibly in the U.S. coming. So we have to just be cautious about that. We have to look at how the Russia and OPEC can respond. I mean they have a move coming up to the end of November and see when we get back to sort of drawing down inventory. So the beauty of our position is that we've got incredible flexibility. We've got the low breakeven price of cover for flat production and to cover the dividend. That's sustained from -- the two companies together. So we're actually having that flexibility and the ability to respond to what the market is going to give us is very helpful. So we're not going to rush headlong into trying to grow production into this. So it doesn't make any sense to us. We'll see how things play out here over the next several months, and then we'll make adjustments between our low breakeven and our balance sheet, we will be in a very good shape to assess that as we go through.
Roger Read: Okay. Thanks.
Ryan Lance: And I would add, Roger there, sorry, I would add, Roger, that well, it's not so much even just what's the strip look like or what it looks like for next year. It's sort of a longer-term trajectory back to what we believe is a reasonable mid-cycle price. And we'll be reassessing what that mid-cycle looks like, depending on where the demand and supply fundamentals start to kind of shake out with the U.S. title going down, what happens to the election and Alaska and then it's going to make imminent amount of sense as we combine with Concho to optimize and figure out what the right level of activity is between the two companies. So the -- you're right, there's a number of factors that will be putting into the mix as we look at not only 2021 plans, but the next couple three years look like as we -- as this business recovers back to a mid-cycle and whether it overshoots or undershoots.
Roger Read: It's oil industry. So it will definitely do one or the other and maybe both. One quick kind of follow-up unrelated to the first question, but related to the merger. Some of the savings that you cited were going to be exploration appraisal spending that doesn't have to happen. I was curious for the assets that you won't be spending E&A money on in the near future, do they just go back into the resource base? Or is that something that maybe becomes more likely to be disposed of monetized in a different way?
Dominic Macklon: Yes, Roger, it's Dominic here. Thank you. So what we said was that we will continue focusing our exploration effort on our existing business units, such as Alaska, Norway, Malaysia. So that will allow us to about half of exploration capital from 300 to 150. So those areas, such as down in South America, Colombia, Argentina and so on, we will be working sort of managed exits from those areas. Of course, we have a lot of value there. We see a lot of value. There's a lot of good acreage there. But we'll be working to preserve value as we think about how to exit those areas in the future. So more a question of dispositions in a managed way, rather than those resources staying in the portfolio. We have such a strong portfolio. We will with Concho that we just think it's appropriate that we focus the exploration effort.
Ryan Lance: And we manage those there -- there's not excessive capital employed associated with those assets. But we'll -- as Dominic said, we're going to do everything we can to monetize them as best we can.
Dominic Macklon: And we don't have any resource associated with any of those assets in the moment in our supply curve. There's no resource associated with them.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. Could you give us some color on U.S. natural gas price has been pretty strong? And is there ability for Conoco to flex for that a little bit? Or is there -- where is your opportunity outside of associated gas? Or is that really the opportunity?
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think the main opportunity for us, Scott, is associated gas. We probably have a little bit in the Anadarko Basin, but that's not capturing a lot of our capital right now. So it mostly, for us, we're still a pretty big marketers. So we were moving over 8 Bcf of gas a day. So we see a lot of that. So we're getting some uplift on the commercial side of our business with some of the transport capacity we have that takes gas from the Permian to the West Coast and down South to Arizona and even into Mexico. So that's how we're kind of taking advantage of the kind of market as we see it today. And but on just an absolute production side, we're not looking to ramp up dry gas, and it's mostly coming from the associated gas with the unconventional production.
Scott Hanold: Yes. Could you quantify some of the marketing benefits you all see?
Ryan Lance: So I’ll let Bill, he's head of our Commercial Organization to maybe provide a bit of color there.
Bill Bullock: Yes, sure. So Scott, we have a very active commercial organization. Ryan mentioned that we're moving a little over 8 Bcf a day. We're the fifth largest gas marketer in the U.S. and we provide a variety of sources to various customers ranging from asset management agreements to offtake agreements, and that provides an ability to, one, have insight into the market and also to gain margin cross moving across pipelines. So, we continue to look at that and continue to move, and we're shipping gas for a profit. So, of that 8 Bcf a day, 500 million cubic feet a day of it is ours, the rest of its third-party volume. And so we're in and out of the market on both sides on a daily basis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning everybody. I wonder, Bill, maybe I could start off with you and ask you to maybe elaborate a little bit on Ryan's comments around the potential election outcomes. And I'm thinking specifically about tax. I'm sure you guys have looked at this. But the thing that strikes me is a little bit disturbing is the potential for a minimum 15% P&L tax that puts NOLs under a bit of a spotlight. So, I'm just wondering if you guys have thought about that any scenarios that you've run outcomes that you might expect?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Sure. We've certainly taken a look at the various tax proposals out there, including Biden tax proposal. There's two primary elements of that, that would impact us. Doug, the first one is, obviously, the change in the corporate tax rate from 21% to 28%. And the second one that would be fairly significant would be removal IDCs, particularly in our capital program and needing to depreciate those over time. Those are the two main aspects as we look through it that really would have an impact on us.
Doug Leggate: Yes. I guess I should have been clear. I was talking about a potential Biden administration. And maybe as a follow-up then, I know it's something that is a little bit too obvious, but we don't maybe ask it enough. Ryan, when yourself and when Matt put together the title wave scenarios and all the other scenarios that you laid out at the Strategy Day, we've now seen what we think is a lot of the signs of a bottom cycle coming to a bottom, if you like, with consolidation, your sales being part of that. How does this -- what you're seeing right now beyond COVID influence your thoughts on longer term supply demand as you think about scenario planning? I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Doug. I'll maybe add a few comments, and Matt can jump in as well. But yes, we spent a lot of time trying to think about what the trajectory of the recovery looks like. And probably a couple of competing factors. We certainly see demand recovery, we uncertain whether it gets fully back to 100 million barrels a day, but probably taking a bit of time to get there. And then I think equally important and maybe overlooked a little bit is what's happening on the supply side, maybe masked little bit today by DUC inventory, but when the declines and the declines are hitting in and it was masked by curtailments coming back on, there's going to be a drop in U.S. supply as well. So, I can -- Matt can probably chime in and describe a little bit about the net effect to the scenarios that we're thinking about as we debate our capital program and how much to put back to work.
Matt Fox: Yes, Doug, I mean, the -- I think you and I have discussed this in the past. The -- if you look at the -- our expectations for the exit rate for this year for U.S. trade oil, is somewhere between 6.5 million and 7 million barrels a day, and we'll be that Europe and as we approach the end of the year. So that compares to over 8 million barrels a day in December of last year, 8.2. And to some extent, that dropped flatters to deceive because people were still bringing wells on in the first quarter and into the second quarter. The -- so there's a significant underlying decline going on here. When we model this, and I know that you do too, the strip prices in the low 40s. We think the industry is going to struggle to maintain flat production at December's rates through '21 and into '22. '21 will get a bit of a lift from the DUCs. But people are going to live within cash flow. There's going to be a real challenge to see trade oil at 7 million barrels a day. And it's likely to be less than that in 2021 and 2022. If you compare that to the trajectory we were on, that's at least 4 million barrels a day less than the pre-COVID trend. And that's just U.S. trade oil. And we respond more quickly here because of the decline rates in the capital flexibility. But the similar issues are happening elsewhere. So, although there is definitely uncertainty and how much the demand effect will be and it's likely to be less of a demand effect than the supply effect, certainly over the next few years. So the premise of your question initially -- are we setting up for the bottom of a cycle here? I certainly feels that way to us. And now exactly when it terms, it will be dependent upon the demand at the COVID and how OPEC doing the short term, but we're certainly setting up for a tighter supply-demand balance in a year or so, if not before that.
Ryan Lance: Yes. So short, medium term, all about demand, medium, longer-term supply starts to enter the picture, as Matt described. And we have a couple, 2, 3 scenarios around how we think what that slope and trajectory look like.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotia Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Paul Cheng: Hey guys, good morning.
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: [indiscernible] If we look at the trading and optimization or commercial operation, historically, that the U.S. looking at that as a core center mainly for facilitation, the European, on the other take a more aggressive approach and looking at it as a profit center. And they seems to be doing quite well and have a good logic to trade around your physical asset. So from that standpoint, will Conoco should look at that operation and see whether that it could allow you to have a higher performance and higher return? Or that you think facilitation is better, and you don't want to take on that swing in earnings and the higher risk? So that's the first question. The second question, with the less for argument if you decide your longer-term 10-year plan has changed due to different market condition and as such that your future growth rate is going to be lower. With the addition of the Concho asset, what other asset in your portfolio will take more of the backseat and seeing lesser capital investment. If you can, say, the number one, number two on that, if that's possible? Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yes. So let me take the first one, and maybe Matt can chime in on the second one on the capital investment. So the first one, yes, we're looking at the commercial space. And with the addition of Concho, it is a -- as you described, Paul, kind of a cost center inside the company, but we're looking at expanding that as we think about the future and what the Concho assets bring, I think as Dominic described earlier, they saw mostly at the wellhead, so we got some opportunity to add value there to both the gas and the oil side. We're building more export capacity as a company and in fact, have done some sales to -- point sales to customers where we take the middleman out of the equation, and we found that quite margin enhancing as we go forward as well. So with the growing US production that we have with the combination with Concho, it absolutely represents a big part of how we can expand the commercial organization and think about it differently, too. I mean, Bill described the market share that we have already and that's only going to get bigger as we go forward. So, we're looking for more contribution from the commercial side across the whole portfolio. Maybe, Matt, if you want to take the capital allocation as a result of integrating the Concho asset. Again, I go back to our -- it's a cost of supply primary criteria, but Matt can provide a bit more detail about what might fall out.
Matt Fox: Yes, Paul, as you know, what we do is we try to optimize each of our individual parts of the portfolio to get the optimum pace, using a set of decision criteria, but the most important of which is that we're not going to invest above an incremental cost of supply of $40 a barrel, and we described that some length back in November of last year. And so, we look at the optimization of each, and then we put it together, and we maybe make a few adjustments, but we're trying to honor the optimum in each of the assets. There is flexibility across the portfolio and the pace we can adjust the pace of any given project by euro, so we can adjust the rate at which we increase the ramp in the number of rigs. So I wouldn't call out any specific asset. If we decide that we want to grow at 2% instead of 4% or something like that the flexibility across the portfolio to do that and still on our criteria, that wouldn't bust the criteria. The obvious places are Lower 48, Alaska. That's where the flexibility mostly exists, and maybe in Canada as well. But I wouldn't really call out a specific asset, but we're trying to do and we're trying to optimize across the portfolio. But the issue is, if you're not optimizing across the diverse portfolio, when you're maximizing the value that the diversification brings you, so we -- that's what we're trying to do is to make sure that we're winning each of these assets out there optimal.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeoffrey Lambujon from Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeoffrey Lambujon: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one is on ESG and the Paris aligned climate risk strategy. And I think your commentary earlier answered a lot of what I'm looking for with the oil sand specific and just your comments on investment decisions. But is there anything incremental you can share at this point on other operational changes that you're undertaking and focusing on for the broader portfolio? Just trying to get a sense for the scope of some of these projects you mentioned, again, in terms of what's in focus, whether that's new technology around monitoring, retrofitting equipment for emissions control or what have you?
Dominic Macklon: Yes. Thanks. It's Dominic here. I'll just take that. Recently, I was very much involved in the Lower 48, and there's some really some important progress we're making there. I think we announced a couple of things here, along with our new Paris aligned strategy. One was a commitment to zero routine flaring. And that's the World Bank initiative there. So we're committed to that. And the other one was the introduction of continuous methane monitoring. So this is a real breakthrough for us. We're able to do this now at a very reasonable cost. And we're able to now, basically, on our key sites, we'll have this implemented. I think it will have about 65% of our Lower 48 production covered by early next year. And this technology, at very low cost, allows us to sample the emissions around sites, looking from ethane every 15 seconds. And from that, we can respond very quickly to any aberrations that we can address very quickly. So those are a couple of really important initiatives for us that contribute to that overall commitment we have to reduce our GHG intensity by 35% to 45% by 2030. And we really have first mover on this, as you'll know, Jeff. We were the first U.S. based oil and gas company to set a GHG intensity target, and we're the first U.S. based oil and gas company to commit to being Paris aligned.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for the question. Two quick ones, both regarding Europe, I guess it's about 10% of your gas volumes. No one is accustomed to seeing North Sea gas prices below $3 an MCf, but we've had that the last two quarters. Is that a COVID related demand situation? Or is there something more structural in that market?
Bill Bullock: I think that -- this is Bill. I think that as you think about that, that's more of what we see of COVID related to demand related issues right now as we think about long-term, the macro supply around the world, we would see markets tend to have more arbitrage off of the U.S. Gulf Coast with LNG markets, starting to move volumes both into Europe and into Asia as the incremental barrel. So I think that what you're seeing is a short-term response to supply-demand and not a long-term structural change.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. And a follow-up on that, in about six weeks, the European Climate Law will be approved by the EU leaders, which will make the North Sea, the one part of your portfolio that is covered by a net zero mandate. Does that change anything in terms of how you're thinking about that asset, given the decarbonization targets for the EU as a whole?
Bill Bullock: No, not really. I think we're continuing to make adjustments. What we're left with in the Europe portfolio is our Norwegian assets. And it's some of the lowest carbon intensity assets we have that are offshore and looking at other options to continue to reduce our emissions through electrification and additions there. But as we look at it, it's minimal addition to the cost of supply and it's quite manageable and Norway still is very competitive in the portfolio.
Ellen DeSanctis: This is Ellen. We'll go ahead and take our last question, if you don't mind. Thank you.
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you. Our next question comes from Phillips Johnston from Capital One. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Phillips Johnston: Hi, guys. Thanks. So just one question to me and it relates to your future return of capital to shareholders. In the last five years, you guys have repurchased a little over $10 billion worth of stock at an average price of around $62 a share. So at today's share price, the paper loss in that program is pretty substantial. I realize you guys plan to repurchase more stock here in the fourth quarter. But I wanted to ask if there's any appetite at the Board level to scrap the idea of share repurchases. And instead, pursue a fixed plus variable dividend strategy that would target paying out a certain percentage of your free cash flow directly to shareholders each quarter.
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think the most important thing is your last piece of that. We are targeting over 30% of our cash back to the shareholder. That's what we've committed to and delivered on in excess over the last three to four years, since we kind of came out to reestablish a new value proposition for this business. And I think the dividend today is certainly covering a large share of that. Also think that buying our shares back at this kind of level is an important thing to do too, because shares are certainly well undervalued. It's certainly relative to where we think mid-cycle price should be. So I don't think we'll give up on share repurchases completely.  You made a real point. I mean we wanted to buy our shares through the cycle. And this was a pretty significant downturn with curtailed production and the like going on in the second quarter. So we did suspend for a while. We wanted to restart up because the benefit to really buying your shares is not just buy them. When you're at mid-cycle price, we continue to buy them through the low end of the cycle because that's what brings down the average cost of your shares, obviously. So we still think it's going to be a piece of our return to shareholder pie.  And the question begins, what happens on future excess returns when if there's another big cycle, and we start to exceed our mid-cycle price call and we've had conversations around that with the market, and we continue to look at all the different ways to do that and continue to be open in all the different ways to do that. But at this 10 seconds, the dividend more than satisfies our return to shareholders.
Operator: Thank you. We have no questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Ellen. Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Great. Thanks, Laura. Thanks to our listeners, by all means, reach back to us if you have any follow-up questions and we really appreciate your interest and support in ConocoPhillips. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Q2 '20 earnings call. My name is Zanera and I'll be the operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis. Ellen you may begin. 
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Zanera. Hello to our listeners and welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings call. Today's speakers will be; Ryan Lance. our Chairman and CEO; Don Wallette our EVP and Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Fox our EVP and Chief Operating Officer. As many of you have noticed in conjunction with this morning's press release we posted a short presentation deck of supplementary material on the quarter. Page 2 of that deck contains our cautionary statement. We will make some forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results could differ due to the factors described on that slide, as well as in our periodic SEC filings. We'll also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today and reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and also on our website. And with that I'll turn the call over to Ryan. 
Ryan Lance: Thank you Ellen and good morning to our listeners. We are now at the midpoint of what has been nothing shy of a historic year for our industry and for the world. I hope everyone on the call is safe and well. Since the pandemic and the industry downturn began in March, ConocoPhillips has focused on three things: safely operating the business including taking appropriate actions to help mitigate the spread of COVID-19 and protect our workforce. Our field and office personnel are successfully delivering the business plans. I'm very proud of how our organization has stepped up in the face of this challenging time. Next we're focused on executing thoughtful and prudent actions to create and preserve value by leveraging our relative strengths. And third, we're continuously monitoring the market developing scenarios and testing our current and future plans against those scenarios. Now here's a quick recap of our actions through the first half of the year. We reduced 2020 capital spending by about $2.3 billion, lowered our operating costs by roughly $600 million and suspended the share repurchase program. In April as pricing deteriorated significantly, we announced that we would begin voluntary production curtailments. We laid out a clear and compelling economic rationale for curtailments. We believe we were well positioned to carry them out because of our operational flexibility and our significant balance sheet strength. We believe this is a preferable approach for us versus hedging because it allows us to retain full exposure to the recovery in prices. Low realized prices and reduced volumes due to curtailments made for a tough headline second quarter earnings that mask the underlying strength of the company. Here's how you should read through the quarter's results. We came into the year with total liquidity of nearly $14 billion including the $6 billion available under our revolver. At midyear we are sitting at about $13 billion despite the crash in prices with available cash and short-term investments totaling roughly $7 billion. If current prices hold for the rest of the year, we expect to exit the year in a similar position. Our cash position creates significant optionality for navigating the downturn. We can better withstand price volatility elect to take actions such as production curtailments and transact on high value low-cost of supply bolt-on deals like we announced in the Canadian Montney. Our underlying business is performing very well. Again curtailments and dispositions mask the top line production numbers, but we have a very good handle on the base business. While our previously announced capital and cost reductions have modestly impacted near-term productive capacity, we believe our lower capital intensity and portfolio diversification represent a relative advantage compared to the competition, many of whom have much higher decline rates and weaker balance sheets. So we're set up well during this time of uncertainty and volatility. But just as importantly, we're very well positioned to benefit from the inevitable recovery in prices. We have strong financial and productive capacity, low capital intensity and we're unhedged. This should benefit us significantly when prices eventually move in a more positive direction. Importantly, we have choices on how to manage the recovery in a way that maximizes value for shareholders. So as you'd expect we're already looking ahead. We're actively developing our views on the short and medium-term outlook for both the path and the timing of recovery in prices. Given ongoing uncertainty you can appreciate there isn't a simple answer to what's next, but here are some of the questions we'll be asking ourselves over the next weeks and months. What should our capital program be, in relation to expected cash flows and our balance sheet capacity? To what extent might we choose to kick-start cash flow expansion, if we see a recovery? How much cash do we want to carry on the balance sheet? What's the right way to think about stress testing our future? When we do distribute cash above the dividend to shareholders and by what mechanism should we do that? While it's too early to communicate a definitive plan for the next year and beyond, you shouldn't expect the fundamental tenets of our value proposition to change. We still strongly believe in our approach to the business: invest to generate strong cash flows and financial returns, while also returning a significant portion of cash flows to shareholders and maintaining a strong balance sheet. That's the business model we've been following for nearly four years. We launched it coming out of the last downturn in 2016, and it positioned us well for this downturn. We still believe it's the right model for the business, and one we're uniquely positioned to execute as the environment recovers. Now let me turn the call over to Don to cover the key drivers in this quarter's results.
Don Wallette: Thank you Ryan. I'll begin by providing a summary of the key second quarter earnings drivers and then recap our curtailment activities before handing off to Matt for some outlook comments. We provided some supplemental slides along with this morning's press release and they're available on our website. If you refer to slide 3 in our materials, I'll recap the quarter performance. The earnings variance from the first quarter to the second quarter can be explained primarily by two drivers. Realized prices fell 41% and production excluding Libya was down 23% sequentially. On the lower right side of the slide, you can see the factors that caused realizations to decline from almost $39 a barrel equivalent in the first quarter to just over $23 a barrel in the second quarter. Of this roughly $16 a barrel decrease, about 70% was due to lower benchmark prices across all products; 25% by a significant downturn in differentials in the U.S., Canada and for LNG; and the remainder was related to deficiency payments associated with unused transportation in our Canada business. And as you are aware the primary driver of the reduction in second quarter volumes was production curtailments, which I'll cover now on slide 4. Recall the rationale for our curtailments decisions was that we could create value by foregoing short-term CFO to realize better cash flows in the future. We were not willing to sell our product for the prices on offer at the time. We've estimated our curtailments for the quarter at approximately 225,000 barrels of net oil equivalent per day, roughly 145,000 BOE per day of that total was sourced from the Lower 48, and you can see the breakout of the Big 3 unconventional fields. We estimate Alaska at 40,000, Surmont at 30,000 and we had some minor curtailments in Malaysia and in Norway. As we previously discussed, our curtailment activity was based on a clear economic framework. We view voluntary curtailments as an investment, meaning we're electing to forego current cash flows for what we believe will be more attractive future CFO. The average realized oil price for the areas where we voluntarily deferred oil production in the second quarter was about $27 a barrel. So we would expect to capture higher prices on these deferred barrels in the future. And while we will not know the economic return on this investment for a while, we can reasonably estimate the cash flow impact of our decision on this quarter's results. As the slide shows, assuming we had produced and sold these curtailed barrels at average realized prices for the quarter, we estimate the curtailment decision represented about $250 million of cash from operations. We believe this was a sound economic decision that at current strip prices would yield a return of greater than 20%. Market prices have increased from the second quarter lows and differentials have tightened as well. As we announced in our recent operations update, we're beginning to restore production in the areas where we had actively curtailed during the second quarter. Matt will describe third quarter plans in a moment, but I'll summarize our actions with a few key takeaways. We're taking deliberate sound returns-driven actions through the downturn. Our focus is on preserving the productive capacity of our company and maintaining a strong balance sheet. Lastly, despite a challenging year so far, we're in a very strong competitively advantaged financial position with a clear focus on value creation. And with that, I'll hand off to Matt.
Matt Fox: Thanks Don. As Don's already cleared a high-level view of the second quarter production curtailments, as shown in more detail on slide 5 and I'm going to briefly add some more color to those actions. So between the U.S. and Canada as we safely ramped down production through our facilities we shut in more than 2,000 production wells, roughly 1,800 in the Lower 48, 300 in Alaska and 100 in Canada. We opportunistically sheltered maintenance where we could collected downhole pressure measurements and sustained injection in the relevant fields to maximize flush production. It was a massive effort conducted extremely well by our operation staff. Also shown in this chart are our anticipated third quarter curtailments. We're still making month-by-month decisions based on the criteria we described in May. But at this time, we estimate average curtailments of about 115,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day or roughly half the volume we curtailed in the second quarter. Production in Alaska has now been fully restored. We're ramping up the Lower 48 over the next few months, and at this point expect to be fully restored there sometime in September. We're also increasing production at Surmont, but that's going to be a slower ramp due to planned turnaround in the third quarter and a precautionary decision to limit staffing in the field as a COVID mitigation, and that's going to lend from the duration of the turnaround. And also some minor non-operating curtailments expected to continue in Malaysia and Norway. The bottom line is except for Canada, we expect most of our curtailed volumes to be back online by the end of the third quarter. Now when we announced the curtailment plans, we got a lot of questions about operational risks or negative impacts from curtailments. Our answer was that we didn't expect any negative impacts due to shut-ins and that's been the case. And as anticipated we've observed flush production in Alaska and the Lower 48 as we brought wells back online. So now I'll take a few minutes to outline some other operational items for the rest of the year. In addition to our curtailment activity in the third quarter with planned turnaround activity that primarily impacts Alaska at Kuparuk and Alpine; Surmont, as I touched on a few minutes ago; Norway; and Malaysia. Collectively, they'll reduce third quarter volumes by about 20,000 barrels a day. In the Montney, our first development pad started flow back in February of this year. All 14 of the new wells have now been tied in the permanent facilities and production from pad one is ramping up. We used completion designs developed in our Lower 48 big three fields, which as far as we know the biggest jobs pumped in the Montney today. And the wells are performing in line with or above our expectations. Montney production is now roughly 15,000 barrels a day about half of that being liquids. Pad 2 a 9-well pads started flowback a week ago. So we're very pleased with how operations are running at Montney and encouraged by the end-of-well results. And we could see from our early proprietary well data that the liquids-rich part of this play held significant low-cost of supply resource and that's what encouraged us to expand our position through the recently announced bolt-on acquisition from Kelt. The transaction adds adjacent acreage to the East roughly doubling our position to almost 300,000 acres with 100% working interest. And like our current position, it's in the sweet spot of the liquids-rich window of Montney. In fact, the liquids content is slightly higher than the new acreage. On a combined pro forma basis, the Montney is producing close to 30,000 barrels a day with over 50% liquids. And the deal adds about 1,000 development well locations and over one billion barrels of resource and all-in cost of supply including the acquisition cost in the mid-30s per barrel on a WTI basis. So we are very happy with this bolt-on acquisition. Moving now to the Lower 48, we're currently running seven rigs four in the Eagle Ford two in the Bakken and one in the Permian. We expect to maintain this level of rig activity for the remainder of the year. Since May, we've had no frac spreads under contract, but we expect to add one or two crews in the Eagle Ford between now and the end of the year. And given the changes to our capital plans the production curtailments and adjustments to some of our other operating activity, we understand it's difficult for you to calibrate our underlying production. Because the environment is still uncertain and volatile, we're not yet providing detailed guidance, but to give you a calibration point when adjusted for curtailments Libya and dispositions, we expect 2020 to be about flat with underlying 2019 production. Now, I'll turn the call back to Ryan for some closing comments.
Ryan Lance: Thanks Matt and Don. I'll close by summarizing the key messages I want you to take from the quarter. Despite this year's low prices, we've retained our financial strength, including roughly $7 billion in available cash and short-term investments at midyear. The underlying business is performing very well a big credit to our workforce. The actions we've taken to date will only have a modest impact on our near-term productive capacity. Our lower capital intensity portfolio diversification and financial strength represent a relative advantage compared to the competition. This gives us the ability to successfully navigate the environment from here. We can better withstand price volatility, while maintaining exposure to higher prices. So as we set our future plans, you should expect us to remain committed to our successful value proposition that maximizes shareholder returns and that we believe is the right one for the sector. Now, before I turn the call over to Q&A, I wanted to recognize Don, whose retirement we announced a couple of months ago. Many of you know Don quite well and I appreciate everything he's done for the company over his 39 years of service. I certainly do. So, Don we'll miss you. We thank you and we wish you all the best in your retirement. So with that, operator we'll turn it over to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Yes. Hello and my congratulations to Don too. You will definitely be missed and appreciate all the time we worked together.
Don Wallette: Thank you, Phil. 
Phil Gresh: I guess my first question -- I appreciate all the commentary Matt that you provided on the third quarter and recognizing that you're not giving specific guidance here. I guess, I just wanted to clarify the moving pieces here. So obviously we have the curtailment impact with the positive 110,000. We have the maintenance that would be a -- I think it's a 20 KBB headwind but I wasn't sure what the second quarter maintenance was. So is that number you gave the absolute? Or is that a delta quarter-over-quarter? And then is there anything else we should be thinking about in terms of moving pieces such as perhaps base decline rates or anything like that? Thanks.
Matt Fox: Yes. Thanks Phil. The -- yes for the quarter yes 20,000 and that's the absolute number. In the second quarter, it was about 5,000 barrels a day. So it's a 15,000 delta from the second quarter. The -- and it's about 5,000 barrels a day in Alaska about 7,000 in Canada, about 7,000 in APME and Malaysia and there's a little bit in Norway. So that's the split. The -- it was -- in the third quarter of 2019 it was a bit more. It was about 30,000 barrels a day. And so it's a bit less than the third quarter of 2019. No other significant moving parts obviously other than the return of the curtailed production which will mostly be done in the third quarter. Is that the -- does that answer your question Phil?
Phil Gresh: It does. It does. Okay. Second question just a little bit further out here. How do you suggest that we should think about the 4Q exit rate for the business? And as you're looking out to 2021 Ryan you rattled off a bunch of things you're thinking about. But I guess if we were to think of an environment like we're in today with $40 WTI how would you think roughly about CapEx? And do you have any kind of revised view on what sustaining CapEx requirements would be for the company and/or for the Lower 48?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Let me elaborate that real quickly and then let Matt chime in Phil. Yes we're spending a lot of time thinking about what the trajectory of the recovery would look like and we have a view that we see demand recovering and some supply restraints. So we do see some recovery in prices as we go into 2021 and that's what we're kind of building into our plans. But as I've said before we're kind of in the middle of that process right now. And I mean if we saw the case where the -- you suggest oil prices remain in the low 40s where they're at today I think we would act differently than if we saw some ramp-up or some improvement in the demand causing prices to be a bit more constructive next year. So we're in the process of trying to understand that today and have a different answer if we saw ramping prices which we think is a base case versus something that's flat relative to today. And then I can let Matt chime in on some sustaining CapEx numbers and the exit rate question that you had.
Matt Fox: Yes. So Phil, on the exit rate the -- so I said that we expect 2020 production to be roughly the same as 2019 on an apples-to-apples basis. Production in the first and second quarter of this year was a bit higher than in the first -- than last year. So it's going to be a bit lower in the second half to get the -- and to end up with that balance. Right now from a fourth quarter to fourth quarter basis, we'd expect rates to be somewhere between 6% and 8% lower in the fourth quarter of 2020 than in 2019. So that's a rough sort of guide as to how we see the shape of the profile. In terms of the sustaining capital, it hasn't changed. It's still about $3.8 billion a year. The -- having flat production from 2019 to '20, shouldn't be taken with our current capital program for 2020 to be an indication of sustaining capital because we're not trying to sustain production in this price environment. We've been stalking tracking activities and shutting production in, but it's still the case that if we wanted to design a capital program to sustain production, it's about $3.8 billion a year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning guys. The first question I had was just around price realizations in the quarter. They were a little softer than what we had anticipated. Was that just a function of differentials and the role in the curve at which point it would be more onetime in nature? Or was there anything in there that you would think of carrying forward?
Don Wallette: Well Neil, this is Don. Yes we would be hopeful that it would be -- turn out to be onetime in nature. I mean that's going to obviously depend on what the future holds. But we have seen -- certainly seen some improvements as we went through the second quarter. April and May were pretty tough. I think we talked about this maybe in late April. That what we were seeing physically in the field as far as differentials was quite a bit different from what everyone was seeing on the screens. So -- but that situation did materially improve as we got into June and certainly has held up in July as far as the real differentials that we're seeing in netbacks at the lease. And even in the -- we're in the trade month -- or we finished the trade month of August. So it's looking like it's holding up reasonably well for most of the second -- or the next quarter the third quarter. Alaska realizations were pretty weak. I mean everybody is familiar with the pad 5 West Coast demand situation with very low refinery utilization rates there. And just to give you a point of reference in the first quarter, let's just talk Brent because we talk WTI or Brent. But on a Brent basis, we were able to capture 97% of the Brent market price in the first quarter as a realization. And in the second quarter we were only able to capture 86%. So quite a difference quarter-on-quarter. And now what we're seeing in the third quarter is more of a return to normal and we hope that it will stay there. But we did see significantly lower realizations relative to the marker in Alaska. We also saw them in the Lower 48 particularly in the Bakken and the Permian.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. And I do want to extend my gratitude to you Don as well and wish you well in your retirement. The follow-up question is just kind of a two-parter here. When we think about the pushback we get on Conoco, the two areas of focus continue to be from a strategic standpoint continue to be: one, risk around consolidation and M&A; and then two, risk around Alaska both from a federal lands perspective but also on the ballot initiative. So Ryan, if you could take those two head on we would appreciate it.
Ryan Lance: Yes, no. Thanks, Neil. Yes, I think the M&A, I think we tried to describe in probably nauseating detail in November, kind of how we're thinking about the business, how we think about cost of supply both from an all-in looking perspective and from what the acquisition cost needs to include and what the ongoing development needs to be to be competitive for capital inside the portfolio. Again we've got a 15 billion barrel resource base. Its average cost of supply is in the 30s. And it has to fit our financial framework has to be accretive to the business. So we're patient, we're persistent. We're watching the market every day. We're looking at both asset deals. We're looking at corporate deals. We're looking across the board. And I think we're encouraged today when you see the Chevron Noble deal and the kind of premium that Chevron paid for that, I think is encouraging because market changing or the large premiums of the past couple of years just don't work in this business going forward. So we're certainly encouraged by what -- by what we see there because I think that's going to help drive some of the actions that's necessary in the market today to take some of the G&A out of the business. So yes we're watching. We're looking at both assets and other kinds of deals but it's got to fit the framework that we described out there in November. On the federal acreage in Alaska, the ballot initiative is coming up for about November. We're working on that pretty hard. I think the citizens of Alaska recognize this is not a time to be raising taxes on the industry. And over the long term it's going to just create more of a problem for them. It's going to represent and result in lower investment and slowing down of activity across the whole North slope, not just maybe what we're doing but what other people are doing as well. So it's bad policy and bad fiscal policy for the state and it's a bad way to legislate through the initiative process. The federal acreage up in Alaska is probably a little bit different. Most of the state acreage that we're on and the big fields are on the state. The federal acreage is out in NPRA where we're operating in the Alpine the Willow discovery in what we're doing out west. And despite all the rhetoric we hear from the politicians, our view out there is it's pretty safe. We've leased it up. We've leased up what we think is the prospective acreage already out there. So then it comes a question to the -- if you are a successful explorer and you go into a development mode, does that get dragged out through the permit process? And while we've been doing this for 50 years through all forms of different administration, Democrats and Republicans, those that have said they want to shut the business down and those who want to accelerate it and we still managed to get our projects done because we do it responsibly, we do it sustainably and we follow the process. So we're not too concerned if it adds a one-year delay to something that's well manageable within our global portfolio. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Terreson: Good morning, everybody and Don congratulations to you. And we too appreciate you and all the help over the years.
Don Wallette: Good morning, Doug, thank you.
Doug Terreson: And so first, Ryan your choice to reduce sales volumes or maybe you all's choice when prices and differentials went to record low levels and second quarter looks like a pretty astute economic decision. And on this point, my question is regard a few of your high-level comments. And specifically, you talked a little bit about negligible production degradation. So can you just kind of, give us some evidence as to why you feel so strongly that that's likely to be the case for ConocoPhillips? And then second with many of your E&P peers having higher shale exposure and also a weaker financial flexibility after this most recent OPEC salvo it seems like your normalized production levels should be stronger versus peers in the future simply. So just wanted to get any additional color that you had on those comments that you made? 
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Doug. I can -- let me start. Matt may want to add a few comments as well. But yes so the -- we have talked and I think Matt said in his prepared comments, we see some -- we don't expect to have any issues with returning to shut-in production. And then that's what we've seen. So we've started the process. We curtailed 225,000 barrels in the second quarter. Matt described what the third quarter has. So we're in the process of bringing on some of that production in Alaska and in the Lower 48. Alaska as Matt described is not curtailed any longer and we've actually seen return to production. We've seen flush production. And in fact I don't think, Matt can provide some color. I don't think we've seen some of the issues that we even might have expected in terms of bringing that production. So we feel very confident that we're not only going to come back we're going to see the flush production and the economic analysis that Don described. Even just looking at the forward curve delivering something in excess of a 20% return we feel pretty confident that that's the kind of profitable economic decision that we made through the course of the curtailment discussion that we've had. And then finally on shale exposure yes, we do believe we're competitively advantaged. We believe we have a lower decline rate. We're not completely reliant on the shale. The shale will have a higher decline rate coming out of the reduced CapEx and some of the curtailments that people have described not only for us but the industry in general. But given our financial flexibility the strength of the balance sheet that we have and the experience that we've gained from this yes we think we're in a very competitive position and we've got the financial strength to respond. 
Doug Terreson: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. And Don congratulations. I hope it's a great retirement at least from calls like this, but thank you for everything over the last several years. 
Ryan Lance: Yes. He's smiling Roger from ear to ear. 
Don Wallette: Appreciate it Roger. Thank you. 
Roger Read: Just to flip back to kind of the M&A thing. You had the Kelt acquisition you announced just a couple of weeks ago $400 million nice bolt-on type transaction. I was curious though how that compared maybe to some of the other things you're looking at? I mean you mentioned the Noble transaction. I assume that that's probably a little bigger than you want to take on at this point not to mention the offshore part of it. But as you look at kind of the opportunity suite that's out there how did you compare Kelt and that acquisition at this time as opposed to something in the Lower 48 or elsewhere? 
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think what we're seeing Roger probably is there's companies out there that are distressed and those that have either singular assets or even a bit more of a diversified portfolio or looking at potentially trying to transact to bolster their financial condition in their balance sheet. So we see some interesting asset deals and we see some smaller or other kind of corporate deals that are kind of interesting. But I think we're looking at it pure and simple on the financial framework we outlined in November and it's on an all-in cost of supply. And we had identified this acreage even a year or two ago. It wasn't until they were motivated to sell at a price that we were willing to pay that we actually transacted with them. So again we're pretty patient and persistent. And it just got -- it has to fit our financial framework our cost to supply framework that we've outlined in incredible detail to you guys for the last five or six years and that's what we're sticking to. So it's got to be competitive in that regard. Then it will attract capital within our portfolio as long as it meets that criteria. 
Roger Read: So is it fair to say that sellers are a little more motivated than they have been? 
Ryan Lance: Some certainly are, yes. 
Roger Read: Okay. And then just to change directions a little bit with the second question. We've seen some E&P companies start to talk about a minimum price for oil before they would restart some of their drilling programs. As you think about managing the decline rates completing the wells that were deferred earlier this year as everybody shut down drilling and the $3.8 billion of kind of sustaining CapEx is there an oil price lever we should pay attention to? Or marker that probably makes you more likely to drill? Or what is it that you probably need to see to feel more confident as you think about the 2021 and 2022 plans? 
Matt Fox: Yes. Roger, I may take that. This is Matt. The -- I wouldn't say there's a specific trigger. I mean the -- it was very clear in the curtailment discussion that there was the economic criteria where easy to see prices in the 30s that made more sense and then certainly below that to be deferring the production and bringing it on later. It's a similar, sort of, economic calculation for adding new production as well. I mean that's one of the reasons, of course, is we've been -- we're curtailing production, of course. We weren't completing and bringing on any new wells, so that would not make any economic sense. So the criteria for bringing on new production, as long as the cost to supply is low enough and our efforts and our portfolio that we're developing is below $40 cost of supply, as long as the cost of supply is low enough, then we would use a similar sort of criteria for bringing on new production as we did for curtailments. So if you look at the strip today, that would suggest that for our portfolio it's okay to bring on new production into that strip, if necessary.
Ryan Lance: And I think, I'd add, Roger, that's when we're starting to balance all the next year, is how do we think about the price, the cash flows? Where the balance sheet stands today as we try to balance all those competing things for the cash flow that we generate based on the price. So, I think, Matt's right, we're not afraid. We're convinced that we'll deliver a competitive and a good ROCE and a good return on the capital investments given the cost of supply that we're investing in. We just need to now balance that against our expectations for cash flow and the balance sheet. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and good morning. Don, I'm going to add my congratulations as well, but maybe spin it a little differently. Thank you for putting up with all of us for the last bunch of years. I know, it's not always been easy, but good luck with everything.
Don Wallette: Been a pleasure. Thank you.
Doug Leggate: With that, Ryan, I'm going to kick off with -- and forgive me for being a little controversial here, but you've expressed some confidence in a commodity recovery. I don't know if that's too strong a term. But you've got smaller peers you mentioned, Noble specifically, that seems to be less confident to the point of selling out, one would argue, at the bottom. When you think about the type of -- the M&A landscape, how it's changed, what the strategic goals are for ConocoPhillips? My controversial bit is, Noble followed the process. Did you look at it? If not, why not? And if not, what are the kind of things that ConocoPhillips believes would fill "gaps" in your portfolio?
Ryan Lance: Well, we did look, Doug. And, I think, it's -- I think, a fair question. I think when we look at it, we think about the match in our portfolio, a bit concerned about -- I mean, the gem is certainly the Middle Eastern gas position. And with some of the other things we're doing in the Middle East that creates maybe a little bit of an issue and problems with us politically. And then the second big piece of the Noble portfolio is the Colorado and we just got done painfully exiting Colorado and not wanting to go back. Then, obviously, them being in Weld County offers maybe a little different perspective on Colorado. But, I would just say, we thought they're pretty fairly valued for even a commodity price recovery and not a great fit in our portfolio.
Doug Leggate: So, if I may, just -- appreciate it. Thank you for the answer. But let me just fish a little bit. What -- so long life, low decline growth potential assets would seem to be a great fit with Conoco. Is that -- or are you looking for -- when you look at the M&A landscape, are you more concerned, for example, as folks have sometimes asked about inventory depth in your unconventional portfolio. Where do you see the gaps, if you like, the strategic gaps?
Ryan Lance: Well, I don't think we're too worried about inventory gap in our unconventional portfolio. And I think the recent Kelt acquisition just add some -- even much more long-dated position there. So, again, it's quality over quantity. And we're just -- and its cost of supply. So we're firmly focused on that in the unconventional space, just like we are elsewhere. And your low cost -- your low decline long-life assets that would describe another train in cutter, wouldn't it?
Doug Leggate: Yes. Yes, I guess, it would. Well, look, if you don't mind my follow-on question is, just to take advantage of Don still being here. Don, the stock opened up almost 10% this morning, which, I think, surprised a lot of people. It seems that we're at a very wide range of estimates, Don. I'm not sure what exactly that was behind that. But, I wonder, if you could just walk us through some of the non-cash moving parts? I'm thinking specifically about how you manage DD&A rates and some of the other maybe corporate items related to market moves and so on, just to kind of clean up what the difference between the earnings and the cash flow deltas were this quarter. And I'll leave it there. And thanks, again, for all your help in the past.
Don Wallette: Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Doug. Yes, the difference between -- of course, there was a wide range on earnings estimates as you would expect, because it was quite a volatile quarter. And, in addition, we did not provide any guidance. So, I don't know that we were completely surprised there. But we can -- I can point to a number of things that we would think that it would be very difficult for folks outside the company to estimate. I guess the first and probably the most important or significant was the -- what I talked about before with the lower realizations. Now that was a cash item, not a non-cash item. But we think that those -- I mentioned some figures as far as our percentage of market capture versus prior quarters and historic quarters. And we think that, that was probably somewhere around a 15% per share impact and hopefully as I mentioned before, a temporary impact. You mentioned DD&A and that was another factor that probably was not expected. Of course our DD&A fill reduced considerably during the quarter as you would expect with lower production. But our DD&A rate did go up a couple of dollars, per BOE. And that was a result of an adjustment that we made to the rate in anticipation of declining reserves due to the lower price that we've seen. Now some companies wait until the end of the year to adjust their DD&A rate, and to revise their reserves. We look at it periodically through the year. So we will do interim updates. You've seen us do it before. We did it in 2016, as reserves were going down. And then, we went the other direction in 2017 and 2018, as prices improved and reserves came back on the books. And so perhaps that will be the situation here. But we did make an interim adjustment in the second quarter that caused the DD&A rate to go up. That wasn't the only thing that caused the DD&A rate to go up. We also had some impacts from our curtailment decisions. We were -- we had an unusual product mix I guess, I would say, during the second quarter with low -- Lower 48 low, Alaska volumes. And so you'll see that product mix had an impact on the rate as well. And the third most important area that may not have been anticipated, I wouldn't think that it's something that you would normally track, is the mark-to-market movements as the stock market rebounded pretty significantly from the end of the first quarter, to the end of the second quarter and ConocoPhillips stock as well. Then we saw an adverse cost impact of -- I think, it was around $50 million pre-tax just on mark-to-market, compensation and benefits issues. Now from the end of the fourth quarter to the end of the first quarter, and book recognized in the first quarter, we saw the opposite. We saw a cost benefit when you saw SG&A go negative. And we had a -- I think it was about a $90 million pre-tax impact on mark-to-market as the stock market went down. And as ConocoPhillips stock price went down. So those are the three main items that I would point to, that would be difficult I think to estimate outside the company.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. And Don congrats as well. Just a question Ryan, you had made a comment I guess in your prepared remarks, about taking a look at guidance for the next year and moving forward. Big picture, it sounds like your core tenets of your strategy have not changed from what you discussed over the last several years. And most recently, I guess at the November Analyst Day. But should we think about like Conoco coming up and sort of recasting what we -- some of what we heard in terms of like high level operations on, how you approach your growth strategy over the next several years, considering what has happened over the last several months? And are you guys becoming a little bit more conservative because of what we saw?
Ryan Lance: Yes, Scott, yes, I think we'll -- I think once we get through all of the noise associated with curtailments, we'll be talking a little bit differently about guidance, as we go forward. We just had a lot of uncertainty, as we came into the second quarter. And then, as we are working our plans and testing our scenarios, against what we see recovery or what kind of recovery, it looks like in terms of timing and quantity then we'll be -- we'll come to the market. We'll tell you what our plans are, as we look forward both in 2021 and points forward and beyond that. But I think we've got the portfolio. We've got a huge, large resource base of low-cost supply, investment opportunities. You should expect us to get back on to that modest growth trajectory, similar to what we described back in November. And we've got the assets. And we've got the portfolio to go do that, I think the questions in front of us are, what kind of recovery are we seeing in the market, if any maybe some of the other people that think it's going to be flat forever. We don't have that kind of a view. We do see a recovery. We do have a view of mid-cycle prices, with some demand recovery. And then a lot of questions around what E&P sector and the industry is going to do, are they going to follow a rational way to invest or not going forward? And are they going to repair balance sheets? Are they going to put a decent return back to the shareholders which is a value proposition that we believe is the right one for the industry. So I think there are a lot of moving parts, but we feel pretty confident in our plans and being able to grow the company if that's the right decision from a returns perspective both to the shareholder returns of capital and returns on our capital.
Scott Hanold: Okay. I appreciate the color. I look forward to some of that detail. As a follow-up and this may be a Don and Matt question, but what we've seen from some of the more pure-play type of companies so far are operating costs that have dramatically dropped in the second quarter. Obviously not all that sustainable, but the view is a good portion has. It doesn't seem like 2Q that Conoco saw that same drop. Is there a little bit of a mix shift? Does it have to do with the type of production that Conoco curtailed versus others? If you could give us a little bit of color there. And I'm not sure if you can quantify some of that? 
Don Wallette: Scott this is Don. I'll try that. And I think that I caught the question being on the quarter that our unit cost rates didn't fall as much as you might have -- or didn't fall like competitors did. And I'm just going to speculate on that, because I don't know exactly because I haven't looked at the competitors' numbers. But I would surmise that a lot of it has to do with our production plan in the second quarter and our decisions around curtailment. And if you look at the areas where we did curtail for example pretty heavily in the Eagle Ford. Our lifting costs in the Eagle Ford is like a couple of dollars a barrel. So if you look at our unconventionals these are high cash flowing typically very low operating cost per BOE type fields. And so with that production offline, we're not going to see the benefits of that. I will say beyond the second quarter looking back in recent history, ConocoPhillips has always benchmarked very competitively on operating efficiency. And as far as this year, we do benchmark against or keep track of say the top 20 companies that we compete with. And the range of operating cost reductions it looks like it's been from a low of 3% from one company up to around 15% maybe a little bit higher by one company. We announced very early in the year that we were reducing by 10%. So I think I would expect that we've retained our competitiveness on operating efficiency.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good afternoon, everyone.
Don Wallette: Good afternoon, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for having me on. I'll just follow-up on Neil's earlier question on Alaska and election risk. In Alaska, I believe you mentioned that you already leased up all the acreage that you're interested in. But I'm not sure I caught what you said on the status of the permits. And specifically do you already have state and federal permits for Willow? And once you receive those federal permits, how insulated do you think the project would be if there was some, kind of, potential change in the oil and gas regulatory environment on federal land?
Ryan Lance: Well, I -- so for Willow specific to your question we're in the process right now and we expect to get all the federal permits later this year. So everything is on track all the comments. We're in the process on the record of decision. So we don't expect -- at these 10 seconds we don't expect any issues associated with the permitting process for Willow and some of the other things that we're doing on the North Slope. I'm not sure, Jeanine I'm not sure I caught your last part. Could you rephrase that for me? You said something about what would the citizens say to different permitting?
Jeanine Wai: No, I think you answered it in terms of how many permits you had and if you think that might be insulated was the second part of the question.
Ryan Lance: Okay.
Jeanine Wai: I guess the follow-up would be if there is some issue that would affect your development plans either in Alaska federal for Willow or elsewhere, can you talk about what's the most likely alternatives would be to backfill those growth projects? I know you mentioned the cutter project you're still very interested in. And maybe if you can just run through a couple more that you think might be high on your list? And whether this potential risk in the U.S. kind of factored into your Kelt acreage acquisition? Thank you.
Matt Fox: Yes, Jeanine this is Matt. I'll maybe take that. So Willow in particular if there was a permitting issue, we don't anticipate one. But if there were one, we'd just delay the project until that was resolved. I mean, we've had to do that in the past in Alaska. We wouldn't necessarily reallocate that capital at the time because we -- if we head back towards the capital pace that we had before the COVID crisis there's no advantage in accelerating. So we'd probably just wait. We're still -- as Ryan talked a little bit earlier in the call, we're still interested in the North Slope expanse -- the North Field expansion opportunity but that's a process that will run its course through the rest of this year. And the -- in terms of federal land in the U.S. other than in Alaska the -- most of the federal land we have in the U.S. is in New Mexico. The -- but we -- this was a topical question several months ago and it's becoming topical again. And at the time I think we've provided an answer that as we looked at our 10-year plan at the time, if we were unable to drill on federal lands completely in New Mexico, we could just substitute that with nonfederal lands for the next 10 years. So we would just move the drilling to a different location that's not affected by that. So the short version of that is that, any constraints on our ability to develop on federal lands in the U.S. will not be a significant issue for the company. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning. Don let me add my congratulations. Really appreciate the help over the years. We had fun. But I will also say that while I'm happy for you but don't get too comfortable in the beach or in the Gulf Coast. You're too young for that. 
Don Wallette: Thanks Paul. 
Paul Cheng: Anyway a couple of questions. First, Ryan can you maybe help me understand a little bit in terms of your thought process in designing for next year CapEx do you plan to run the position is going to be free cash flow positive? Or that neutral free cash flow or that you will be willing to have a cash flow deficit that after CapEx and dividend for next year? And also in addition to the price signal is that the most important driver in your decision? Or that this is actually a secondary and more important you will look at the actual demand-supply balance in the inventory? So we're trying to understand that how you're going through the process? 
Ryan Lance: Well I think in terms of trying to answer to your question Paul that's to be determined. I don't think we've -- we want to watch as I said in my opening comments, not only the direction of the recovery or the magnitude of the recovery as it goes back to what we believe will be mid-cycle price over the long haul. So we're trying to balance all those things. We're trying to consider, what will be our free cash flow and that's going to be a function of obviously the price and the supply-demand fundamentals that drive that and then, what our CapEx program is going to be to get the productive capacity of the company re-ramped up to where we were pre-COVID level. But we're also considering what the balance sheet needs to look like what the cash on the balance sheet needs to be and think about a potential scenarios around slower recovery and slower kind of price movement and either worse demand fundamentals or excess supply fundamentals, depending which side of the equation that you're on. So I know, it's not a very satisfying answer but we're putting all that into the pot mixing it around and trying to understand. And we'll have more to say about that as the year follows through and as we get closer to 2021, but that's what we're trying to those are the -- that's why I wanted to establish those kind of questions we're asking ourselves which I think all of industry is asking itself. But it is rooted in the fundamentals of supply and demand and understanding what the price trajectory is going to look like as we go into next year and beyond. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Todd from Simmons Energy. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. And I'll add my congratulations Don. It's been a pleasure over the years. Maybe, one follow-up on the curtailed Lower 48 volumes, you talked about the restoration into September. Is that -- is the timing of that just based on production nominations? Is it based on the current oil price? Or does it assume some further recovery between now and then in price? And is there any -- as we think about the time line of that resumption is there anything that could cause that to push further to the right? 
Ryan Lance: Yes. I mean I'm happy to -- Don do you want to take that? Go ahead. 
Don Wallette: No Ryan, I think we got to netback pricing a little while ago to where we were comfortable starting to restore production. Saw that happen in our plans for August and are increasing a little bit more in September as well. We just got to the point where the netback pricing was high enough to where curtailment economics just weren't going to look like it was going to deliver the 20%-plus type of returns that we were expecting. So we decided to come up with a ramp-up plan. But rather than just go from 20% of capacity in July to 100% in August we decided to spread that out over a few months and watch the market. And frankly we were kind of expecting and we're still expecting that there could be a pullback somewhere along the way. And so if there is, then what we showed you this morning and what's in the materials that we posted is, our current plan based on our current outlook. If things change significantly then we may change as well. So we will be responsive to the market and if the market returns back to very poor netbacks like they were in April and May then we'll adjust our plan accordingly. 
Ryan Todd: Thanks. And then maybe one follow-up. Ryan in your prepared remarks at the start your comments seem to suggest some debate on the proper mechanism of returning cash to shareholders above the current dividend. Has your view on this changed at all in recent months? And what other mechanisms are you looking at beyond share buyback?
Ryan Lance: Well, I think we've I think we've had this conversation probably with most people on the phone over the course of the last two or three years as we look at kind of the optimum way to return money back to the shareholders. So, obviously, today in the current environment that we're dealing in the ordinary dividend that we're providing is well in excess of 30% of our cash flow. So, it satisfies some of our -- the markers that we set down with respect to our value proposition. So, as we think about price recovery and incremental cash flows coming we are thinking about what is the optimum or the best way to return money back to the shareholder. And obviously, share buyback is one of those options that we're looking at as well as some sort of variable dividend type of structure. It's a conversation we've had with I think the buy and the sell-side for a number of years now. We continue to analyze and continue to think about it trying to figure out the best way. But a large part of that is informed about what the trajectory is, what the recovery looks like, and ultimately, what the mid-cycle price we think is going to be in the marketplace. So, a lot of that we have to put together but are thinking about all those kinds of alternatives.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Zanera. That wraps things up. We're at the top of the hour. I appreciate everybody's time and interest this morning. And by all means reach out if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you everybody and stay safe. 
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 18:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Q1 2020 Earnings Call for ConocoPhillips. My name is Anera and I'll be the operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis. Ellen, you may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Anera and good morning to our listeners. Thank you for joining us today to discuss this morning's press release which contained our first quarter earnings results, our dividend declaration announcement and an update on our curtailment actions. Our speakers today will be Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; our Chief Operating Officer, Matt Fox; and our Chief Financial Officer, Don Wallette. Ryan will make some very short opening comments, but we'll reserve most of the time on today's call for the question-and-answer session. We don't have any slides this morning but we will post a replay of this call shortly. We don’t have any slides this morning, but we will post a replay of this call shortly. As you know given market volatility, we have temporarily suspended guidance. However we may make some forward-looking statements in today's call. Please refer to our SEC filings for a description of the risks and uncertainties that could impact future performance. And now I'll turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen and welcome to today's call. Well, here we are at the start of first quarter earnings for the E&P sector and it's a brave new world for all of us. Ordinarily, we would use this call to discuss our recent quarter results in detail and provide guidance for future periods, but the first quarter already feels like a long time ago. And as you know, due to significant uncertainty and volatility in the markets, we will temporarily suspend guidance. So here we are. But while we won't provide guidance, we continue to believe, it's important for ConocoPhillips to provide insights. How are we thinking about this environment? What actions are we taking or considering taking to respond? And that's how we'll intend to use this conference call time today. I'll make some very brief remarks then turn the call over to our listeners for a question-and-answer session. There are three themes I want to emphasize in these remarks. First, our underlying business is running very well. You saw our first quarter results in this morning's press release. It was quite a strong quarter operationally despite the COVID-19 pandemic. I'm certainly very proud of our organization. While some activities are changing day-to-day, I assure you that our workforce is all in on safely delivering the business, including our upcoming seasonal turnarounds and our ongoing capital activity. The second theme I want to emphasize in these prepared remarks won't surprise anybody. It's this. The next few months are going to be very bumpy for the industry and for us. A couple of weeks ago we announced plans to begin voluntary curtailments in May. This morning we announced that we expect to curtail about 265,000 barrels per day gross in May from our Lower 48 and Surmont combined. We'll -- we also announced that we'll expect to curtail about 460,000 barrels of oil per day gross in June from our Lower 48 Surmont and Alaska combined. On a net basis, this represents about one-third of our first quarter production. This should be seen as a clear signal that we're willing to use flexibility and balance sheet strength to protect value for our shareholders. And that brings me to the third theme of these remarks. In our previous two market update conference calls, we've emphasized that our actions in this environment are driven not only by our view of the markets, but by the fact that we entered this downturn in a relatively advantaged position compared to most of the industry. You saw in today's press release that we ended the quarter with total liquidity of nearly $14 billion, including the $6 billion available under our revolver. Our portfolio is diversified and relatively low decline. These are the factors that allow us to make rational decisions based on a reasonable views and we can continue to assess and monitor the markets then act. We continue to manage the business in a way that preserves our strong relative position, allows us to take additional actions if needed and protects our ability to resume programs in the future. So in summary, here's what I want you to take from my comments. The underlying business is running well. We had a strong first quarter operationally, all things considered and our workforce remains focused on safely delivering our plans. We expect a period of significant volatility over the short term. We know what we need to do. And we are relatively advantaged coming into this downturn and we'll protect that relative advantage as this environment plays out. So with that, I'm going to turn the call over to the operator and we'll begin our Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Doug Terreson from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Terreson: Hi everybody.
Ryan Lance: Hi, good afternoon.
Don Wallette: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Terreson: So Ryan your production curtailment seem to have been more market responsive than peers which may have to do with your higher proportion of operated production your working interests or your -- or other factors. So, my question is, are these the primary drivers of your curtailment decisions? Are there other control or economic factors that play into it? And then also what are the risks to recoverability for your portfolio after output starts to be restored if you think that they're meaningful?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Doug. I can probably take the first one. And Matt maybe you could provide a little bit of color on the second part of that. Honestly, Doug we'd be curtailing as much as we could right now. And I think we just don't think it's right to be accepting these kinds of netback prices for the product that we're producing. We've got a very strong balance sheet as I said in my remarks. We're taking a modeling sort of the short and the longer-term scenarios to guide our decisions, and these curtailment decisions are guided by the way we see the market playing out over the short term. We certainly have more control over things that we operate. We expect things to be coming from governments and infrastructure curtailments, but these are the things we can proactively go to do based on our recent view of the market, and based on our capacity that we've got on the balance sheet to do these kinds of things. In our view, we see this as a sign of strength, and we're deploying that, and I think acting in a recent fashion. So I'd let Matt maybe talk a little bit about the – what recovery would look like on the back end of these curtailments with improved markets.
Matt Fox: Yeah. Doug, I think there's two aspects to the – to that answer. One is, how quickly can we bring production back? And are we taking any risks associated with the curtailment reservoir then which are other lines. And basically, we can bring the production back across North Slope Canada, Alaska within a few weeks. It doesn't take months to bring it back so the majority of it can be bought – brought back very quickly. And but to get to full production in a matter of weeks, we are making sure that we're not doing anything that's going to take any risk either from a reservoir or wells or facilities perspective.  That's why we're – in Surmont, we're going down to a minimum rate so that we can still provide enough heat and temperature to the steam chambers to keep them intact. In Lower 48, we've got a very specific set of protocols in as to how we shut down and prepare those wells for restart. In Alaska, we're not shutting in completely. We're getting down to a rate plus, there's the – a minimum sort of operating level that we can consistently operate at for a period of time. Across all of these, there's no risk of reservoir damage there. So we can come back in a couple of weeks and there's no risk of any permanent damage.
Doug Terreson: Okay. Thanks. And then also Ryan, there's been a lot of commentary surrounding prorationing of supply that would be mandated by regulators over the past several weeks. So, I just wanted to see where you stand on that topic and how you think it's going to play out.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. We haven't been supportive of that Doug from a regulatory perspective, because we think the market is going to ration that very quickly and either through both voluntary-type cuts that we're taking or infrastructure and storage-related cuts that become involuntary, I guess, to some degree for maybe us and other operators as well. So the market is reacting. The market's working and it's going to drive supply down to kind of match inventory levels and what the demand or what the refineries can take on the other end. So we haven't been supportive of efforts that like the Railroad Commission recently has been analyzing and thinking about.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. I guess, we've heard different things from different companies about the shut-in elective shut-ins and reservoir issues and I heard your answers to the first question. But I was just curious can you give us any examples of what brings you confidence about reservoir – maintaining reservoir integrity as you go through the shutdowns that you are doing or will be doing in May will be doing in June? And then, if they continue beyond that what gives you that confidence?
Matt Fox: Roger that's a fair question. The – it's really because to some extent we go through this on a regular basis in our field generally just for a shorter duration. For example in Alaska, every other year we do a full turnaround at Alpine. And we go through shutdowns or turnarounds on different processing facilities in Kuparuk. So, we know how to take the wells down and keep them in good condition and bringing them back on again. The same is true in Surmont. I mean, occasionally we've had to put Surmont truly shut down, because of wildfires, where we've had to go down very quickly. So we know how to how to handle that as well and in the Lower 48, the most recent example for example in June Hurricane Harvey. Eagle Ford we had to go down. So we'll get plenty of both pain and experience that gives us confidence that we know how to handle this. We've got the advantage just now that we can plan it and we can get it. And so, there's no reason to be particularly concerned about that. We also understand what our decline rates are. And we also understand, what our flush production is that comes back after shut-ins. So that gives us everything that we need to make a sensible economic analysis as well. So trust me Roger this is all pretty well thought through.
Roger Read: Well, I didn't doubt it wasn't thought through. I'm just mostly trying to understand where the experience comes from because there are some different attitudes out there. Switching gears a little bit, Don obviously significant liquidity in the company. I was just curious is there anything else you're looking at balance sheet-wise? And I'm not just thinking about revolvers or new debt or anything like that, but also kind of how you're thinking about the working capital side of the business that we should be thinking of levers, you could pull here in coming quarters?
Don Wallette: Not really, Roger. We -- our working capital is pretty finely managed always has been. So we don't have a lot of optionality there. We don't carry surplus inventories or anything like that. Just thinking about other items coming down the road that would affect liquidity I can't think of anything in a negative way other than the low cash from operations that we expect over the next few months as oil prices continue to be low. We do expect the proceeds from the Australia-West transaction. We still believe that that's going to close in the second quarter. So that will be coming in from a positive direction. But other than that I can't think of any big-ticket items out there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning team and thanks for sense I have seen here today. The first question I had is around the sanctity of the dividend and this is for anybody who wants to take it. We assume one of your large competitors reduced their dividend today. Conoco in some ways took this medicine a couple of years ago. So -- but curious on your view about safety around the dividend and strategy around that distribution.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Neil. Yes. I think you kind of have answered the question. We declared our dividend today as you saw in our press release. That kind of remains a priority. And really we were committed to a return of cash to the shareholders of greater than 30%. We've outlined that since we see -- reset our value proposition a number of years ago. And the dividend is a fixed part of that that we expect to be able to execute through the cycles. We exercised the flexible part of that return to shareholders with the suspension of our buyback program here a month or so ago. So we're pretty confident. As you described I mean we took our pain a couple of years ago back in this last downturn and we wanted to set the company up because we knew the volatility was with us to stay. And maybe this is a three or four sigma event that's even beyond maybe what we were thinking about in a couple of years ago and what we outlined in November. But through Don's comments on the balance sheet the strength that we have as a company I think we're well positioned to get through this downturn in pretty good shape.
Neil Mehta: Thanks Ryan. A follow-up question is around consolidation. I know you spoke to this a little bit on the capital spending call, but I wanted to get any updated thoughts around it. One could argue this is towards the bottom of the cycle and there's a potential to be opportunistic, but curious on your views as you've been patient in the past and had some strong views on bid and ask?
Ryan Lance: Yes. No I think you're right Neil. Our -- we haven't changed. We're patient. We're persistent. We monitor the market. I certainly believe there's going to be significant stress across the sectors as you've described. And we're -- we've been willing to transact. We've talked about that. But it has to be accretive and it can't break our long-term financial framework that we've described to the market many times. So the strong balance sheet and we won't put liquidity at risk. So I think broadly speaking it makes it obvious that this E&P industry needs structural change. The growth model is broken. There's too much G&A running around this business. And I think it was addressed -- it was an interesting article by Liam Denning in Bloomberg here yesterday. So read that I think it's reasonably accurate. There's too many names for investors. It's getting less relevant in market cap terms. So we do believe the assets could be run more rationally for improved returns over growth. But imagine the depth of this downturn. There's some pretty tough discussions going on between boards and management right now. So it will probably take time for some of this to realize, but I think it needs to happen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good afternoon everyone. My first question is on the June production curtailments. The anticipated June curtailments they're a bit more than what you're expecting in May. And so can you talk about how you settled on the June versus the May level? Because I guess when we look at the forward curve, plus the implied CMA rule adjustment, June and July WTI pricing looks stronger than May. So is your decision based on something you're seeing in the physical market versus the paper market? Or are you just being a little bit more conservative here? Or is it just related to something else?
Matt Fox: Yeah. I'll take that, Jeanine. This is Matt. The -- to me essentially we curtailed as much as we could while still honouring contracts that we have entered into with buyers. The -- and so we had in the previous months March and April entered into contract to sell crude oil. And we were going to honour those contracts. So what we curtailed is these where we didn't have contracts in place or where the buyer was happy not to take. And in June we have more flexibility in that respect, because we have much fewer barrels placed already. So, that's the primary reason why the curtailment is higher in June. There's also still this issue of a bit of a dislocation between the market price and the net add prices that were actually are being offered not just as everyone else. So I think that phenomenon was stacked in May. And it's still here in June. So there's an element of both of your potential responses. I think both are somewhat true.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great, thank you. That's very helpful. And then, maybe my second question for Ryan. It's on the 10-year plan. So, I'm wondering, do you see the current or medium-term environment simply pushing out the 10-year plan? Meaning that, you would resume pretty much the exact plan maybe a year or two of delayed? Or have the conditions changed so much that you could see more value to shareholders if you make more meaningful adjustments to the underlying plan?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Jeanine. And I'd add to the last question to Alaska is an additional 100,000 barrels a day that, we are doing in June that we aren't doing in May so. But to your second question about the 10-year plan it was as much a philosophy and principles that we think are -- that E&P companies need to be taking to focus on returns and really bring value investors back into this business. We don't see the basic tenants of that plan changing. Strong balance sheet diverse low-cost supply portfolio returning more than 30% of our cash back to the shareholder looking through return -- through-cycle returns. I would say that, I'd remind people we've got a 15 billion barrel resource base of less than $30 cost of supply. And in that cost of supply it embeds 10% after-tax rate of return. So we've got something that's quite resilient and in sets up. And we've been long preaching about volatility and lower -- you got to be prepared for these lower prices. So they're the right ones for an E&P business. Now the tactics of the 10-year plan were based on, how we're going to optimize our investment choices that we had. So clearly, the early years of that plan has changed with the downturn. But the shape and the speed of the recovery will dictate how quickly we return and get back -- executing that previous scope and pace of work that we had outlined last November. So, when this event passes, we expect to have the same philosophy and approach. The programs might be staged and phased a different -- a little bit differently. But we intend and fully expect to emerge with an even more competitive plan when we get done.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Hello. Hi. Good morning, everyone. I hope everyone is doing okay out there. Ryan, I wonder, if I could bring you back to…
Ryan Lance: Hope you are too.
Doug Leggate: Yeah. Well, I enjoy going to work in my shorts. But we'll save that for another conversation. The breakeven that you have with the adjustments you've made, I'm just wondering if you could give us a refresh with the reduced production capacity with the shut-ins. Where do you think, your breakeven is right now just to give us a kind of road map for how your cash flow capacity is coming out the other side of that? That's my first question.
Don Wallette: Yeah, Doug, this is Don. I think on a recent call we mentioned, with -- on a go-forward basis, if you're looking at our spending for the remaining three quarters of the year, we said that our breakeven to cover CapEx was under $30 WTI.
Doug Leggate: Does that include, the dividend and the reduced -- the additional curtailments, Don?
Don Wallette: It does not include the dividend. So to get to the dividend you'd be in the mid-30s WTI.
Doug Leggate: And with the, curtailments?
Don Wallette: And as far as curtailments, it doesn't because we're not projecting them beyond June. We don't know what they're going to be. But I can tell you the CFO impacts of the curtailments that we've announced is quite small, because of the prices that we expect.
Doug Leggate: Of course, okay. I appreciate that. My second question, I don't know if either -- which one of you want to -- wants to take this but it goes back to the issue of sustaining -- supporting or sustaining your production capacity. So, when you think about the shut-ins that, you're taking and obviously you can recover those volumes as you discussed. But when you're not drilling against the backdrop of a declining unconventional business what happens to the underlying production capacity? Because I have to believe that, running up back down an escalator you're basically going to come out the other end of this with lower absolute production capacity, on the Big 3 and the Lower 48. Can you walk us through the dynamics there? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Matt Fox: Hey Doug, this is Matt. I'll take that one. So based on the capital and operating cost reductions that we announced a couple of weeks ago and if we don't pay any attention to production curtailments, our average production for 2020, the average productive capacity would be about the same as 2019. So, capacity-wise about flat. The actual production will be whatever it ends up beginning then for the -- including the curtailments. In terms of the shape of the profile through the year, which is what I think you're getting at, I mean, obviously the capital was front-end loaded. And we're assuming in our capital program that we don't complete any wells in the Big 3 over the last eight months of the year. So that means there's some -- there's certainly some decline in capacity as we go through the year. But we're not giving specific guidance on that, because there are so many moving parts just now including the curtailments. We're concerned about getting that misleading guidance. But the overall direction is, yes, there will be some decline in capacity. Now keep mind that we -- we're actually going to be building some DUCs here probably somewhere in the region of 130 or so DUCs. Any loss in productive capacity we can recover very quickly. So this is a sort of transient thing that we can manage through. But we're not giving any specifics on that, because we're concerned about giving misleading guidance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Hi. Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. The first question is somewhat related to a couple of the prior ones. You've talked about this WTI breakeven in the low 30s for the full year and in the high 20s for the rest of the year. Back at your Analyst Day, it's originally going to be about $40, and then over time work its way down to $30 as you ramped some of your production objectives over the next few years. How do you think about this moving beyond 2020? Do you think it makes more sense to maintain a breakeven where you're run rating now? Or does it make sense to ramp spending back up a bit as you see increased visibility?
Matt Fox: Yes. Phil, this is Matt. The -- that becomes a question of in the long run how we see this epidemic and implications for demand -- the implications for long-term demand and therefore prices. But generally speaking, although, we could run at a very low sustaining capital price and very little sustaining price in general, the cost of supply of our investment opportunities average below $30. We don't feel it's in our shareholders' best interest to not to exploit those development opportunities. So I think it's unlikely that the choice we would make would be to try and run it at such a low breakeven, because it would be deferring a lot of very low-cost of supply investment opportunities. Having said that, we'll just have to see how this plays out. We have to see if we sense it's a very long-term implication on the mid-cycle price. But I think it's too early to make a decision on that right now.
Ryan Lance: Yes. And I would add Phil that if you recall back in November, we talked about our asset optimization model and we've looked it, and obviously, if we come back to a different mid-cycle or a different sort of long-term price, we would -- we'd redo that. But we have a pretty strong idea of what that optimum kind of exploitation rate across our Lower 48 and unconventionals is and have applied that to our broader portfolio as well. So we obviously -- we look at that, but it is a higher level than what is -- what you might call the sustaining capital level, because there is a sweet spot of investment that we would make that would generate what we believe is the better returns in the business. And we're going through this downturn today and we've retained all of our capability. So we've not eliminated any of that organizational capacity, because again we're that -- we're informed by our short and medium-term view of the market what we think the recovery might look like and have chosen to retain that capability so we can come back strongly if we if and when we choose to.
Phil Gresh: Sure. Okay. No, I appreciate that. It's early to be asking those types of questions. The other, I guess, piece of this is there's a very lumpy part of the development plan over time, which was Willow in Alaska. And I'm just curious how you're now thinking about Willow and how the timing -- I guess just based on your base case macro view from your another -- a lot of potential outcomes. But what would be your base case on how you think about rolling looking forward and the timing around it?
Matt Fox: Yes. So this is Matt again. We're working through Willow and we're in the concept selection stage just now. We have a time line that would get us to the end of this year with the opportunity to select the concept. And by that, I mean, how big a facility do we build, how many drill centers do we have and so on. So we're continuing to work towards that decision point towards the end of the year for Willow. And we'll make a decision at that time and then that will dictate the pace beyond. So we have not made the decision to defer Willow and -- but we have that decision is ahead of us. So we're continuing to work through that.
Ryan Lance: And we expect permits here this summer supporting the development at Willow both at the federal and state levels.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Scott Hanold: Yeah. Thanks. If we could stay in Alaska a little bit. Obviously, you've completed some of your winter program with some appraisals and tests out there. Can you give us a sense of what you have learned from that and how that helps you form your decision to the next year or so?
Matt Fox: Yes, Scott. Good evening. And yes, we did some exploration at Harpoon and appraisal at Willow. And at Willow we drilled two wells and having planned four in Harpoon we drilled one out and planned three. And the reason that we drilled for about half the program is we were concerned the -- about having these exploration camps way out west on the North Slope if we had a COVID outbreak. And thankfully, we didn't have a COVID outbreak. We have an abundance of caution for people and our contractors. We decided to shut down the exploration program earlier. So we drilled two or four wells at Willow. And the -- those wells were the results that we were expecting and we're still on track for a concept select decision. We'll just have to decide if we want those additional wells before we make that decision then. But we were still evaluating the data just now. On the Harpoon well, which is the exploration complex in the South our original plan was to drill three wells there. We only drilled one. The -- and that well appears to have clipped the edge of the top set based on its log response. And we won't know that for sure until we get a chance to drill the second well. So we're still evaluating those results and but I think the bottom-line is that the jury is going to remain out on Harpoon until we get back out there to complete the exploration program.
Scott Hanold: Okay. I appreciate it. Good color. Good color. And this one might be for Don. The LNG outlook. And can you provide any kind of color on expectations for distributions maybe over the next quarter or a year if you have information you think that would be good enough at this time?
Don Wallette: Sure, Scott. Actually, LNG realizations have held up pretty well so far. I think our LNG netbacks were only down about 4% from the fourth quarter. But that's because of the lagged nature. So that's going to rollover and we're going to start seeing the impacts as we go through the rest of the year. But we do have an advantage in that most of our LNG -- I'm talking about all of our projects globally. The vast majority of our LNG is under term -- long-term contracts and so they're holding up relatively well compared to the very weak current spot market. In fact, I think 90% of our total LNG sales are term and less than 10% spot. So back to your question as far as distributions as you know we reported I think about $100 million distribution in the first quarter from APLNG. We're still expecting somewhere between $500 million to maybe $550 million for the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alastair Syme from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alastair Syme: Thank you. I had a related question for Don on the cash flow. I'm just wondering if you could give some, sort of, guidance on how you're thinking about cash tax in this environment. I think if I remember back in 2016 you had substantial tax-loss carryforwards in particularly in the U.S. I was wondering to what extent these still exist?
Don Wallette: Yes. We're still Alastair in a non-cash tax paying position in the U.S. And I think coming into this year when markets were still stable or relatively stable we were thinking that we could come out of that position maybe as early as 2021, but probably more likely 2022. So now this is going to obviously set that time frame back because we're going to have some large losses this year. So I don't have an estimate of when we might come out of it now but it's going to certainly be beyond what we thought before.
Alastair Syme: So does that mean the U.S. is in a minimal 0 taxpaying position in 2Q in effect?
Don Wallette: Yes. We're in a zero tax paying position in the U.S. and we expect to remain there for quite some time.
Alastair Syme: Yes. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning or good afternoon depends on where you are. Ryan, I think your overall business model you are not changing. You have a good business model of a balanced growth and cash return to investors. But with this event, is there in any shape or form that have changed some of the parameters whether it's the leverage ratio that would consider as a acceptable or a comfortable range? Or what that -- what is the percent of the reinvestment? Any of those parameters within your framework because of this event has been changed? If not why not?
Ryan Lance: Well I think time is going to tell Paul. I think we got to go through this, find out where demand returns to, if there is any permanent demand loss as a result of this pandemic changes in consumer behaviors that might drive a different longer-term view of the price. So I don't think we -- we're kind of like a lot of people watching that very closely to try to understand where supply and demand rebalances out at the end of this downturn. So it's probably a bit early, but we'll continue to again rely on the fundamentals of the business that I talked about earlier the strong balance sheet executing on a low-cost of supply resource base. And we're committed to the value proposition that we laid out at back in November. We've really been -- we reinforced back in November and what we've been operating under for quite some time or at least the last few years. So I think your question around capital intensity and how you return money back to the shareholders, we just have to see what the long term -- our long-term view of prices ends up being and where supply and demand rebalances itself as we come out of this downturn.
Paul Cheng: Ryan, that's fair. I mean, with the -- the only problem is that we probably won't know what is the real long-term impact or if there's any maybe for four or five years. I mean, that I think by the end of this year or the more for next year, I'm not sure we can really tell that we know what is the long-term impact. So yes, that means that you guys are probably not going to do anything differently until maybe four to five years down the road for you that you have some kind of confidence level that you really know what is the long term impact? Is that the way how we should look at it?
Ryan Lance: How long have you noticed Paul to take five years to react to market environments that we're in? We're pretty -- we've run our scenarios. We know what we're doing. We know what the philosophy is around the business. And we'll match our efforts around capital and return back to shareholders and where we put the balance sheet and how much cash we need to have on the balance sheet based on the environment that we find ourselves in. And we have confidence because the low cost to supply resource base that we have existing in the company competes in a very low commodity price environment. So we know what wins and that's what we're going to be focused on. And we're going to be flexible and do what we have to do to make sure we're putting the money into the portfolio in the right places and reacting to the kind of environment that we find. We certainly won't wait five years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Silverstein from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Josh Silverstein: Thanks everybody. Just on the Alaska volumes, we've typically thought about A&S and Brent just kind of interchangeably there. That relationship has broken down over the past month. Can you just remind us how you sell those volumes and like how that might be different from how you're selling the Lower 48 volumes?
Don Wallette: Josh, I'll take that one. Yes. Most of our A&S sales go into the West Coast, which is why you're seeing the traditional relationship between A&S and Brent break down because of the very low refinery utilization rates in pad 5. So we would expect that that relationship would return once demand picks up in California and the rest of the West Coast. Some of our cargoes we do if the opportunity is open for us. We do send them to Asia as well. But generally, our A&S sales wherever they go, they're going to correlate usually very closely with Brent except under unusual circumstances as we're facing today.
Josh Silverstein: Great. Thanks. And then right now there's a lot of defense being played right now, whether it's by Conoco or everybody else in the market. Just wondering where Conoco can play offense in this environment to lower the forward breakeven price. I guess the M&A question was asked before, but is there anything from a service cost standpoint or anything else that Conoco can pull the lever on to get that breakeven price lower?
Matt Fox: Yes, Josh. I mean, obviously, we're working with our supply chain partners on the opportunity to see some deflation in this environment. We have a strong relationship with suppliers. We -- and there may be some of that value there. We also see value. We've had a very strong focus on innovation in the company over the last many years and so there are opportunities to accelerate the adoption of new technology and find ways to continue to drive across the supply down. We've made incredible strides on that over the last few years and we're not done yet. I mean, we know that part of our job is to continue to drive cost of supply down, because what wins in the end in the commodity business is low cost of supply. And that mantra is fully understood by everybody that works here and we're focused on moving every little -- every sense we can on the cost of supply over time.
Ryan Lance: And our workforce, Josh, sees the volatility in the market. So they see what happens in these volatile markets and why, as Matt said, we have to continue to lower the breakeven and drive the cost of supply down.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Hall from Heikkinen Energy. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Hall: Thanks. Good morning. I guess, I was just curious as you think about bringing back the curtailed volumes. Do you expect to see any sort of material or notable incremental operating costs and/or capital costs associated with bringing those back for things like workovers or ESP refurbishment or any other associated costs that are associated with restarting those volumes?
Matt Fox: This is Matt, Michael. And not particularly. But they -- we have slowed down our well work and workover activity. Its part of our operating cost reductions. So when prices recover and we want to produce those barrels and we go ramp that back up again. But for the most part, the reduction at the payrolls don't result in any incremental -- significant incremental workover activity, for example, to bring them back on again. I think that's what you were getting at.
Michael Hall: Yes. That's helpful. And, I guess, also as you think about the second quarter, I mean, are there anticipated turnarounds that we ought to keep in mind as well that would go beyond any of these curtailments outside of the Lower 48 Canada and Alaska, just thinking the rest of the global portfolio? Is there something that was already baked in that we just ought to be keeping in mind as we head into the second quarter?
Matt Fox: Yes. We have sort of standard turnarounds going on across the portfolio this year. Last year was a very heavy year for turnarounds. It's less heavy this year but we're keeping to that schedule and there are no hugely notable ones that are unusual as we go through the year, but they will be occurring predominantly in the second and third quarter. We did take a turnaround in Qatar in the first quarter, but the majority of them will happen in second and third quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Mizuho. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Hi. Good morning everyone. There's a lot of disconnect between paper markets for oil and physical markets. And, obviously, within that physical dynamic, there's tremendous differences across the board in regional crude prices. Could you just talk a bit about how that's been affecting you? And I'm also wondering about some of your crude quality. There's been a lot of talk that very high API crude has been a problem. And then, while we're going there, could you also -- there's a bull case for natural gas here as people shut down production. Could you talk about your exposure to the natural gas theme, please? Thanks.
Don Wallette: Yes, Paul. I'll take that one. This is Don. Yes. It's been two different worlds, really, the last month or so, speaking to your comments about what's happening in the physical markets versus what's going on in the financial markets. We've certainly seen that in the U.S. in particular. And that's really driven our decisions around curtailment that the netback prices are lower than what you might assume reading the screen. So, I would say, we haven't had any – we haven't faced any problems in placing the volumes that we wanted to place. So we call these voluntary curtailments and they are. They are elections that we're making just, because we don't like the price that's being offered, but we haven't faced a situation where we've had difficulties finding the market for our crude. Not here in the U.S. and not anywhere in the world, not yet that may be coming. On the natural gas side, I mean, we are seeing some -- at least, somewhat bullish views on the natural gas side. We just don't have the same exposure that we used to have. Our exposure is mainly on the LNG side and on the European gas side. We have very little domestic production anymore.
Paul Sankey: Understood. You do have – can you talk a little bit as a follow-up about your infrastructure positioning, and how that -- how markets are around the positions you have in North America? And I'll leave it there. Thanks a lot.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, Paul, I guess you're talking more about some of our marketing activities. And well maybe both equity and marketing. But we do have long-haul positions on both the oil side and the gas side probably more on the natural gas side because we've been such active marketers of natural gas in North America. So, we've been marketing our own equity gas out of the Permian Basin, generally moving at West towards California, Santa Mexico, Arizona, and up the West Coast as well. But we also move a lot of third party volumes as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Brackett from Bernstein Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bob Brackett: Great. Thank you. As I read the release, you mentioned the Kamunsu East Field is not moving forward into development. Can you kind of talk to that? And talk about as an example, how is your capital allocation philosophy changed at least in terms of sanctioning projects this year, if it has at all?
Matt Fox: Hey, Bob, this is Matt. The Kamunsu East and that was simply a sort of financial recognition of the fact that the timing of when we would develop the KME -- it's essentially a satellite to Kebabangan, KBB. And because KBB has been slowed down by this pipeline issue, third party pipeline issue on -- between Sabah and Sarawak, the license for KME is going to expire before we can bring it to an economic development. So we were just recognizing that in our book's treatment of the asset. And so that was what caused that and recognition in this quarter. In terms of the second part of your question, I wouldn't say that there has been any significant change in our view of how we should be allocating capital. We should be allocating the lowest cost of supply. And we should be facing it, so that we're doing that in the optimum weight. And so, no significant change. At least not yet, Bob, in our thinking on that.
Bob Brackett: Okay. A quick follow-up on Ankor, you are -- sorry on Harpoon. You mentioned that you clipped the top sets, which tells us something about missing reservoir, but you didn't mention fluids. Did you encounter hydrocarbons in that?
Matt Fox: Yeah. We did encounter hydrocarbons. We're still interpreting the results there but the -- and it's -- it looks from a lithological perspective similar to other lithological signatures we're seeing on the edge of these top sets. But we speed two other wells to drill. We would have got a lot more information had we been able to finish the program but for safety reasons we chose not.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Devin McDermott from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Devin McDermott: Hey, thanks for taking the question. There are a few asked already on capital spending in the balance sheet, but I wanted to just follow-up in a bit more detail on that. And you provided back at the Investor Day, your helpful analysis of stress testing. The balance sheet and cash flow profile through a low commodity price period. And clearly what we're seeing right now is a bit unprecedented different than that stress test, but the balance sheet is still a very strong competitive advantage for you. I was wondering if you could just give an update on how you're thinking about the required cash balance and willingness to take on kind of additional leverage here or early in on the balance sheet to the extent we see a sustained period of long -- of low prices over the next few quarters to years. And at what point further CapEx cuts become consideration?
Don Wallette: Hey, Devin, this is Don. I'll take that. As far as cash balances back at the Analyst Day I think we said that we had an operating requirement of about $1 billion and we felt like we wanted to keep a reserve balance on top of that of $2 billion to $3 billion. I think generally we feel the same way about it. Technically, it's probably -- those numbers have probably come down a little bit. Operating cash is not quite $1 billion because -- mainly because of some of the assets that we've sold. We just don't need that much. And the reserve capital or the reserve cash -- that's a number that we recalculate every month based on our outlook for the next six to 12 months. And that number has probably come down a little bit because of our lower spending on CapEx, OpEx by the suspension of our buyback program. But it might be $1 billion lower than what we were thinking in November, but that's about it. So those numbers are still pretty good. We think we'll -- as we look out, say, to the end of the year, we think that we'll be able to maintain cash balances above those levels of operating and reserve cash. So that would imply that we don't expect to have to access the debt capital markets.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for taking the question. You may have mentioned a few minutes ago, are you going to be having any involuntary shut-ins in Norway or Indonesia, both of which were part of the OPEC Plus agreement?
Matt Fox: Yes. I'll take that, Pavel. We just saw today, as you did, in Norway announced that they would be participating in the OPEC cuts. They announced a 250,000 barrel a day curtailment for June and about 135,000, 134,000 I think it was, in the second half of 2020. So we are likely to be allocated to some of that in Norway. But we're working -- they have a reasonably complicated way of working that, and so there's likely to have some impact in our Norway business. Our estimate at the moment is it will be in terms of the impacts of -- on our average rate for the year, it will be in the low single digits barrels a day for the year for us. But we are still working through that. And they also made some interesting changes to the tax regime over there, and the most interesting one being accelerating the depreciation schedule to one year for capital. So that was a pretty smart strategic response from the Norwegian government, as you would expect. In terms of Indonesia, I think you mentioned Indonesia. We sell gas in Indonesia and to the domestic market; most of the fixed prices are take-or-pay commitments. So we're not going to be affected by any Indonesian action to support the OPEC Plus group. So we may be affected in Malaysia, and the Malaysian government has announced that they are going to participate to some extent but we don't know the details yet of how that will play out.
Ellen DeSanctis: So Amera, this is Ellen. We're getting close to the top of the hour, so I'm going to ask that we take just one more question. Apologies to our participants, but we'll wrap it up here with one more.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Phillips Johnston from Capital One. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phillips Johnston: Yes, thanks. Your oil mix in the Lower 48 has been pretty consistent over the last several quarters in the 57% to 60% range. As you mentioned, you aren't planning on any well completions in this environment. So my question is, if we look 9 to 12 months out, would you expect your oil mix to move significantly lower from that range just as GORs and existing wells naturally move higher without any new volumes to offset that mix shift?
Matt Fox: Yes, Phillips, there may be some modest increase in the gas ratio over there as we go through the year, but it shouldn't be that significant. We'll have declining production in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford, the Permian. And with that, there'll be some increases in GOR, but it shouldn't be that significant.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks and our -- excuse me -- thanks to our listeners. If we left anyone in the queue, we'll come back to you. Thanks for your participation, and stay safe.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-04 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the ConocoPhillips Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Zanera and I'll be the operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis. Ellen, you may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Zanera. Hello to our listeners and welcome to today's call. With me in the room today are Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO. Don Wallette, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer, Matt Fox, our EVP and Chief Operating Officer; Bill Bullock, our President of the Asia-Pacific, Middle East region. And Michael Hatfield the President of our Alaska Canada and Europe region are also with us today. Dominic Macklon, President of our Lower 48 region was unable to join today's call. Page 2 of the presentation deck contains our cautionary statement. We will make some forward-looking statements during this morning's call. Actual results could differ due to the factors described on this slide and also in our periodic filings with the SEC. We will also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today and reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and on our website. And with that I'm going to turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thanks Ellen and welcome again to all our listeners. While it's early in the New Year and the sector is already off to another volatile start. Volatility can certainly be tough on an industry or company if you're not built for it. Well, we're built for it. With clear resilience to lower prices, full upside to higher prices and a shareholder friendly framework that works through the cycles. All of our usual results and outlook details can be found in today's published materials, but we're going to keep our prepared remarks pretty short. Our main goal is to reinforce why ConocoPhillips offers an attractive way to invest in a cyclical business, that's the key theme as we reflect on 2019. And we look forward to the future. 2019 capped off a successful 3-year period in which we transformed our business model and significantly improve the underlying performance drivers across our entire business. Slide 3 summarizes those 2019 results that contributed to this transformation. In the financial column, we delivered strong earnings and we generated cash from operations of $11.7 billion, delivering free cash flow of over $5 billion. Our balance sheet got stronger. We ended 2019 with over $8 billion of cash in short-term investments and lowered our asset retirement obligation by almost 30% largely due to dispositions. At our North Star return on capital employed was an 11%. We delivered on our volume projections for the year with roughly 5% underlying growth, including 22% growth from the Big 3 unconventionals, the rest of our portfolio delivered strong base performance and we progressed new projects and exploration opportunities across our regions. Our world-class portfolio keeps getting better as part of our high grading efforts we generated over $3 billion of disposition proceeds and we have another $2 billion have announced dispositions that we expect to close in early 2020. But we're not just selling. We're also on the lookout for opportunities to add low cost of supply resources through the portfolio like we did last year in the Lower 48, Alaska and internationally. And when reserves closed for the year, we replaced 117% of our production organically. 2019 was another outstanding year for delivering on our disciplined shareholder friendly strategy. We returned 43% of our CFO to our shareholders. That's essentially all of our free cash flow. We paid $1.5 billion in dividends, including a 30% increase in our quarterly dividend and we repurchased $3.5 billion of shares. In today's announcement, you saw our Board approved an increase of our existing repurchase authorization by $10 billion to a total of $25 billion. This demonstrates our commitment to executing a consistent long-term buyback program. Finally, our execution focus goes beyond just the numbers. We continue to take a leadership role in environmental, social and governance matters through target setting, engagement, disclosure advocacy and stakeholder alignment. We call this performance with purpose and it's an imperative. So 2019 is over and we're in the starting gates for New Year and a new decade. In November, we laid out a powerful 10-year plan that can deliver on all the elements; we believe investors want from this sector. A disciplined strategy framework, consistent execution, strong free cash flow and compelling returns of and returns on capital. That's the path we set for ourselves in 2016. That's what we delivered in 2017, 2018 and 2019. And that's what we're ready to do again in 2020. We're focused on executing a strategy that we believe is right for the future of our industry and certainly right for ConocoPhillips and our investors. So with that let's go to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
DougLeggate: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I appreciate the opportunity for a lengthy Q&A session. So I've just got a couple. And now let someone else jump on. I guess first of all, there is a number of headlines have been circulating for quite a while now around the Alaska tax and that's obviously a little different from the last time you presented through this back in November. So I'm just wondering if you can offer your perspectives. Just how you think, what do you think is going on there and how do you think that plays out whether they get the signatures and what the implications could be as to how you respond to that. And my second one is really on the production outlook for 2020. Obviously, the Malaysia pipeline issue appears to be back on the table again. So I'm just wondering if you could walk us through the cadence of how we should expect production to evolve through the year. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
MichaelHatfield: Yes. Thanks, Doug, this is Michael. I'll answer the first question about the Alaska tax. So you asked where we are in this process. The division of elections in Alaska is currently certified signatures now. They were gathered as part of the initiative for this November ballot. We anticipate that the initiatives be part of the balance. So they are in the process of certifying those now. And as we showed in November, we're currently planning to invest about $25 billion of capital over the next 10 years in Alaska. These investments will increase the state's production and mitigate the current decline through tax. In fact, in 2020 alone our net capital and OpEx spend in Alaska is expected to be roughly $3.4 billion. On a gross basis in 2020, total industry capital and OpEx spend in Alaska is expected to be about $6 billion. Now, if there is a negative change in this fiscal regime. Our investment plans will change, but we've been in Alaska for over 40 years. We know Alaskans understand the industry. It’s the lifeblood of the state's economy; we believe Alaskans will understand that short-term revenue gain as a risky and fleeting proposition, if it comes at the cost of billions of dollars of investment over the coming years. We've had ballot measure challenges over the past few years that would have negatively impacted our business and Alaska's economy. After understanding the issues Alaska voters that voted no on all of them. Now we're part of an industry group that will provide information of voters about the benefits of the current fiscal regime, the benefits that it has on jobs, investment, oil production and long-term revenue to the state. So the bottom line is we're working hard to ensure Alaskans understand the significant benefits that investment by this industry brings to the people and the state of Alaska under the current fiscal structure.
DougLeggate: So as things stand right now, no change in your current plans, more of a wait and see type situation.
MichaelHatfield: That's correct. So in terms of our current plans, we're waiting to see. We're executing on our current plans, but we are gearing up to help Alaskans understand our view as benefits at the current fiscal structure brings to the state and the people.
DougLeggate: Okay, thank you for that. And on the production cadence.
MattFox: Hey, Doug, this is Matt. The - I can give you an update on that the - so the most significant update in our production guidance, as you mentioned was associated with the KBB production in Malaysia. And as you know most of KBBs gas is sold through the third party Sabah-Sarawak pipeline to the Malaysia LNG plant and its exported from that plant. So a normal operating condition for 2020 we weren’t even have anticipated about 20,000 barrels a day being exported through MLNG via the Sabah-Sarawak pipeline, but the rate at the beginning of the year, there was a significant operational issue with the pipeline. The - so our expectation for the year, given that we don't operate that, our expectation is that might not be repeated at all through the year. So that's what we're assuming at the moment. That we're hopeful we might get access to some domestic gas off-take, but the magnitude of that and how long it might last is uncertain. So that's the vast majority of the adjustment to guidance. We also had some puts and takes across the business units. And we also adjusted our expectation for timing of dispositions. But the new range of 1220 to 1270 are best guess at the moment and what we should expect for this year and that's about a4% growth on an underlying basis.
DougLeggate: Okay. I don't want to press the topic, but are there any particular dips in the quarterly cadence as we go through the year.
MattFox: Well, we obviously we have a turnaround as we go into the middle of the year. We have one in the first quarter in Qatar. And then we have, as usual turnarounds in the Alaska and elsewhere as we go through the second and third quarter. So a similar profile to previous years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead, your line is open.
DouglasTerreson: Good morning, everybody. So, Ryan, you guys are one of the few, if not the only big or other E&P with higher rather than lower normalized returns on capital in recent years and while your stock has been a top five performer and S&P Energy 3 years in a row for this reason, in my view, your cash position is building a strong, you have better valuation in your equity than lot of peers and so you're basically better positioned than your peers for strategic activity. At the same time, you guys outlined a pretty compelling multiyear investment plan in November, which suggested that you can attain your return profile even without meaningful strategic action. So, my question is with the ongoing decline in upstream values that we've seen in public and private E&P, one, have strategic actions become more appealing to you guys? Are they more compelling and what effect on return on capital employed is needed for you guys to move forward in this area? So two questions.
RyanLance: Well, thanks, Doug. Yes, I think we believe we are on the right track with what we're doing in terms of what you describe our return profile focused on shareholder distributions, focused on free cash flow generation in a hyper-focused on our return on capital employed. As I said 2019 was 11% that is our guiding North Star As we think about how we're executing the business. We have built a little bit of cash on the balance sheet, we believe we needed for the volatility, we're experiencing in the marketplace. Just look at the month of January alone early in the month. I think people were thinking it was added to $70 a barrel and now people are thinking it might be going to $40 a barrel. So that's the kind of volatility we see in this business and we're keeping the balance sheet. So we can execute our consistent programs, pay our capital fee from the dividend. Pay our buybacks back to our shareholders. So we're executing that consistent program. We believe in it and that's what we set out to do and that's what we described to everybody in November that it's not just one or two year plan. This is a plan that's got a lot of legs and can go on for the next decade; we have the portfolio and the people to execute on that plan. Now we have been in the bolt-on acquisition game. We had some assets that I described in my opening remarks, and we keep on the lookout for some of those kinds of opportunities, but we also I think laid out a pretty consistent framework at our Analyst Meeting in November, about how we think about both kinds of opportunities. And I think you and others have reported there. There needs to be consolidation in this business. But there still a pretty big gap between buyers and sellers is what we see in the business. So we don't have to do anything because we've got a solid plan in terms of what we are going to do and we are not applying to what's going on around this in the industry either. So we try to layout a pretty consistent framework and how we think about resource as both organically through exploration channel, conversion within our resource portfolio and inorganically when we think about that piece of business as well. So we are happy with where we are at but we obviously watch everything very closely.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
NeilMehta: Good morning, team. And thanks for taking the time today. The opening question I had is around Venezuela recognizing there are sensitivities around securing the cash flow that's own to the company. How should we think about modeling that on a go forward basis and what are the steps you are taking to ensure that the cash can be collected?
DonWallette: Okay. Neil, this is Don. I'll address that question. I think the first thing I would say is kind of repeat of what I've said the last six or seven quarters which is we've never forecasted that we would be receiving those payments just because of the risk involved. And so we would never encourage anybody else to delve into the forecast as well. We did manage to receive six or seven quarterly installments from PDVSA but as of the fourth quarter we received no payments and what we've done as a result is that and after October, November we issued default notices to PDVSA. And as of today they have not cleared the breach. And as consequence of that we resumed our legal enforcement actions. Of course, we're not the only creditor out there, it's a competitive marketplace. And so I think you'll understand that I can't go into any details at all about what those enforcement actions entail. But as you saw from us in 2018, you can expect us to vigorously pursue all legal remedies that we have available to us.
NeilMehta: And we appreciate that. The follow-up question is just around some of the demand issues in Asia. And I was hoping, Matt and Ryan, you could put into context how we should be thinking about some of that demand weakness in the context of other demand checks that you've seen and just how does it affect the way you think about your business, if at all.
RyanLance: Yes. And Neil, you're talking about demand for oil as opposed to say LNG.
NeilMehta: Both would be interesting actually.
RyanLance: Both, well, yes. So we do see some. I mean we - we're factoring in some demand loss in the first quarter of this year. And in that translates into some reduction in demand as we go through the course of the full year. I think our estimates still as we look at the markets and look at the global economies. We're still projecting something on the order of 1 million barrels a day of demand growth as we go through 2020. Now that's probably down 100,000 barrels or100, 000 to 200,000 barrels a day because of the current issues that we're facing with Coronavirus in China. So we do see some impact of that, it will flow through to the storage side of the equation. So we'll see some building storage. We believe in the US and in the non-OPEC countries around the world as well. So that will put obviously some pressure on prices. We see inventory draws though coming later in the year and we still see pretty good supply growth in terms of total liquids coming out of the US that probably eats up most of the demand growth that we see coming from around. So it's going to be another volatile year and that's what we've been preaching for the last 3 to 4 years because it's an oil-supplied world and any small changes in demand or changes in what OPEC or others might do for the supply side will create that volatility that we've seen in seen spades here in January as well. We do see some weakness in the spot LNG market it's - had some pretty warm winters around the world. So demand has been - demand growth, we still see over the long term in the LNG markets. But we've seen softness in the LNG side and of course how that lags in terms of how it manifests itself our cash flows for the company. So but we still are long -term belief in the growth in the LNG market and still participating that channel of the business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JP Morgan. Please go ahead, your line is open.
PhilipGresh: Hi, yes. Couple of quick questions, first, just looking at the quarter in the Lower 48, we saw some declines in the oil production quarter-over-quarter NGLs and gas were up, I presume that was mostly mix effects in the Big 3. The Bakken and the Eagle Ford down but just any thoughts you could share around that as well - as we look out to 2020 and your guidance for 410,000 barrels a day there. Just any color you can provide around rig count and production cadence specifically for the Big 3. Thanks.
MattFox: Yes, Phil, it's Matt here. Yes. So I think you probably saw our numbers for the production individually for the Big 3 in aggregates it was relatively flat. There was -Eagle Ford was down in a little bit just because of the timing of when we're bringing wells on and there was growth in the Permian. In the Permian production a bit gassier than the Eagle Ford production. So that's why there was that and slight mix shift and in terms of the activity, the - we averaged 12.5 rigs in the last year and it's across the Big 3 and seven in Eagle Ford, 3 in Bakken, 2.5 in the Permian and that was -those were supported by 6 frac crews. You'll have seen in our capital that as we go into 2020 is pretty much the same level of activity in aggregate to the same capital cost for the Lower 48 as last year.
PhilipGresh: Okay, great. Second question for Don. The cash flows in the quarter looked a little bit light there. I think there is another bucket that had some headwinds, if you could just elaborate what might have been in that bucket and just generally how we think about cash flow for 2020, if there any moving pieces we should think about. Whether it's distributions or other things. You already talked about PDVSA but anything else we should think about. Thanks.
DonWallette: Yes. Phil, I can point to a few items that may help explain the cash flow in the quarter, the way we look at it, we take our ratable guidance items along with the cash flow sensitivities that we publish and if you do that and nothing else, you come up with an estimate of about $2.9 billion, CFO. And I think a lot of analysts came in at a number similar to that. Whereas our actual results were about $2.7 billion. So to start LNG realizations were about $100 million lower than what our sensitivities would have predicted because we don't incorporate a 3 months lag to Brent pricing. Brent was up about $1 quarter-on-quarter but JCC fell $5. So that's what's causing that impact. In addition to that, our adjustable controllable costs for the year came in at $6.14 billion versus our guidance of $6.1 billion. So that's $40 million or about $0.03 a share on that and that came through the SG&A and the items on, and you all have noticed that SG&A was up quarter-on-quarter and what drove that increase was basically two things so about equally split, the mark-to-market on compensation because of good quarter that the stock enjoyed in the fourth quarter. And the other was due to an accrual that was made related to employee-based incentive compensation. So those were kind of unusual items and we also made a pension contribution to the US qualified plan that was probably about $50 million higher than what our typical quarterly run rate was. And so I think if you look at those items and even though we don't -we try to encourage people not to include the PDVSA $90 million payment. We know that some do. And so that may have been a contributing factor for some folks. As far as 2020, I think we've been pretty clear about what our distribution plans are $3 billion of buybacks, nothing has changed on that. Our dividend rate is what our dividend rate is until we consider adjusted it probably towards the end of the year, so that won't have much impact. As far as CFO, you've got some new sensitivity that has been updated for 2020 in the appendix of the materials that we published today. And I would say, as far as a benchmark expectation on CFO at say current prices around $50 WTI. We would expect about $8.5 billion to $9 billion of CFO.
PhilipGresh: Okay, great, that's very helpful. Just one clarification with the proceeds from distributions, the $2 billion. I assume that's gross. Is there a net amount that you might have for that? Thanks.
DonWallette: I don't know that I can provide you a net on that. I know of our Australia headline, Australia West headline number there is about 1.4 and we would expect cash proceeds to be about 1.1 based on our expectation of closing at the end of this quarter. And then, Niobrara, the proceeds on that are going to be close to 400 about 380, but I haven't. I haven't seen the estimates on cash on that, but I would expect it would be close to the proceeds. And then the remainder is just smaller assets that will do to round off to the $2 billion.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
RogerRead: Thank you and good morning. And I think that was probably the shortest management introduction, I've been on the call and at least for last several years. So congrats on that. Couple of questions to follow up on. One on Neil's question about the demand issues in Asia and maybe more specifically on LNG there. There have been some reports that some of the buyers in China made it clear force majeure and that's kind of a just-in-time market, so I get that. If they're not getting offtake they're going to run into other issues. So I was curious direct exposure to China as you think about it. And then the second question on the LNG front, just an update of where we are with the Qatar expansion and everything.
BillBullock: Hi, Roger, it's Bill Bullock, I'll take this one. First, we've heard similar concerns raised in the market about force majeure into Asia. With a date, we haven't had any force majeure declarations. So we are continuing to watch the market and see if we do, we'll be addressing those with spot sales or domestic sales in the market and managing appropriately. So nothing to date, but we have heard similar concerns With respect to Qatar, we continue to be very interested in Qatar. We are well placed. Qatar is a great location with that serves the global market with low cost by resources and is a strategic location that works well for both Europe and Asia. We are still in the process. That process is being managed by Qatar Petroleum and they are in control of that pace. We're moving along at pace as they provide really can't say any more on that at this time. What I can say is that we're very hopeful. The opportunity is going to be a competitive cost of supply additions to our portfolio and as we lay out in November, it needs to be a competitive cost of supply to be an attractive addition. So that's kind of where we're at for Qatar.
RogerRead: Thanks. Just a quick follow-up, is there any reason to think anything material has changed in the projects since kind of late last summer when it picked up and certainly the Analyst Day in November?
BillBullock: No, no, GP continues to manage a very good project.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
JeanineWai: Hi, good morning, everyone. My first question is on ROCE. Good morning. My first question is on ROCE was 11%, very strong for 2019 and the 10-year plan calls for a 1% to 2% improvement per year assuming you're $50 WTI with some inflation so ROCE about 16% in 2025. So in terms of what is contributing to this improvement. Can you talk about the ROCE of the incremental addition, incremental production adds relative to what you're achieving today? So perhaps any color you may have on the absolute ROCE of the Big 3 or maybe some future Alaska projects or in the other conventional projects.
DonWallette: Yes, Jeanine. This is Don. I'll address the ROCE question. So, yes, at the Analyst Day in November, we showed ROCE growing between 1% and 2% over the 10-year period and that's being driven primarily by production growth because we're working at $50 WTI real. So there is a little bit of contribution there. But the other thing that I would point to is our capital efficiency. Our DD&A is actually very flat while our production is going up. So I would point to those two being the primary drivers behind the improvement.
JeanineWai: Okay, thank you. That's very helpful. And my second question, it's on Alaska and I think exploration in the event that Alaska activity is either slowed or push further to the right for either regulatory reasons or otherwise. Can you talk about what other opportunities may move into the activity Q as a result and I'm guessing these are mainly exploration activities because we assume that the Big 3 in the Montney, all of those are already optimized for your 10-year plan.
DonWallette: Jeanine, are you referring to what we would do in Alaska or what we do elsewhere in the globe?
JeanineWai: Elsewhere in the globe?
DonWallette: Yes, so this year about half of our exploration capital is going into Alaska and half is going elsewhere. So the primary areas outside our Norway exploration program that we discussed. And Michael too discusses that at the November Analyst Day, and we also have an exploration program going on in Malaysia and the shallow water and shelf of Sarawak. And we have exploration activity going on in Argentina, both in the south of the country and in the Vaca Muerta. Those are the primary new explorations activity outside the Alaska.
JeanineWai: Okay, great thank you very much.
RyanLance: I would add, Jeanine, we set an allocation for exploration and if we don't have the opportunities to compete for the cost of supply that we said, we'd bring down that allocation. But today we're spending, spending the $300 million on our exploration that we've allocated to that channel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
PaulCheng: Hi, good morning, guys. I think first question maybe is for Matt. Matt, in Permian, the fourth quarter we see a big jump sequentially, should we look at it is just the normal lumpiness because of the well coming on stream or that this is signaling a beginning of accelerating development pace and that we should assume the growth starting in this year will be accelerating comparing to the last couple of years?
MattFox: Yes. Thanks, Paul. Yes, we did a very strong growth quarter-on-quarter in the Permian. It was about 23% growth and but that is, as you sort of comply this real lumpiness as we bring on new pads there. So we actually expect Permian to be relatively flat in the first quarter and then growth will resume again through the rest of the year. We had an unusually lumpy fourth quarter production.
PaulCheng: Matt, when that you think the Permian would take on a more accelerated growth and when that you think you will have sufficient of the delineation and the infrastructure in pace that for that to happen.
MattFox: Yes. So what we leave and this - in November was we were running at about 2.5 rig piece. We will build over the next few years to about 6 rigs running in the Permian, but that will be measured growth 3 as we get the confidence the much like we did in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken and we're doing in the Montney. We make sure that we're at the right spacing and stacking and completion design. So we're still in a bit of a learning mode there and we'll ramp up the rigs to be optimum and over the next 2, 3 years. So there is a significant growth coming in the Permian, but is - that will be a piece is consistent with the pace of which we're learning and we hope to optimize the completion and spacing and stacking.
PaulCheng: Thank you, Matt. The second question is for I think, Ryan. Ryan, over the last 12 months ESG all the sudden become a far more active topics among investor even for the North American investor. And we are also in the last 2 or 3-year, we have seen some of the international integrate oil companies lay off that and move outside on making a lot of the investment that was signed into oil and gas for the transitioning of the low carbon fuel, transitioning on low carbon, were transitioning. From ConocoPhillips standpoint, I mean, how you guys look at that and say that with the transitioning in the low carbon world, are you going to essentially stick to what do you guys are doing in the oil and gas or that you will be evaluating other opportunity set to supplement that.
RyanLance: Yes, Paul. I guess right now we're focused on the E&P business, that's the kind of company we are. And that's what we're doing. And we have a strong record on ESG in terms of transparency, how we think about that piece, how we manage the transition, we're focused on eliminating emissions from our operations. We've done that over 7 million tons over the last number of years. We're the only E&P Company; I believe that has an emissions target that is out there for our business. So we're focused on. I'm doing that when we get the external recognition for our climate stance, how we think about our climate action report, how we think about our sustainability report and how we describe that, how we're doing -what we're doing in our business to make it a more sustainable oil and gas business. So, yes, we're focused on being a low cost of supply and really taking care of our own business in terms of our mission footprint. And what we're doing in our activities to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions, flaring fugitive emissions, methane all the above, that's we are about. That's what we're trying to do and that's how we're managing this aspect of the company.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeoffrey Lambujon from Tudor, Pickering, Holt Please go ahead. Your line is open.
JeoffreyLambujon: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one is on Alaska from an op standpoint. As you continue helping to inform voters on the potential ramifications of the ballot measure, can you just give us a reminder of what operations over 2020 will focus on in Alaska? And then any color on learnings from ongoing appraisal will be helpful as well.
RyanLance: Yes, so as far as our base operations. We've got a big operation that we continue to execute both [Indiscernible] and at Alpine as Matt mentioned, we've got some smaller turnarounds that we've got to execute this year, we've also got the ERD rig that's going to be starting up in the second quarter in Alpine. So we've got a lot and we've got a lot of drilling that's going on now. In addition, you asked about our exploration program and we're in the middle of that now. So we've got four wells that we're going to drill at Willow 4 appraisal wells and one flow tests that we'll conduct. We spud our first well at Willow at the end of January. So that's going on now. In addition, we're going to drill three exploration wells at Harpoon and we expect to spud the first well towards the end of February, so we'll be running two rigs between the Willow and Harpoon programs. Now in addition, we have our Norwell opportunity that we spoke to you about in November where we had drilled the production well and we had tested that well and floated back through our central facilities. We produced up to 4,500 barrels a day from that. And from that production well and then that well was shut in as we monitor the pressure buildup. Since that time we've also drilled an injection well that reach TD in early December. We flow that well back to clean it up just recently and we're quite encouraged with those results. In fact, our peak flow back was around 2,500 barrels a day that wells now being prepared for an injection interference tests with the producer that I mentioned we previously drilled. So we're going to do an injection tests and interference test to see how those two wells are talking to each other in that information is going to help us a lot as we optimize future development planning. So we're quite encouraged with the results that we've seen in Norwell. So in short, we've got a big program that we're executing across our assets in Alaska, including at the non-op assets in our Prudhoe Bay.
JeoffreyLambujon: Great, thank you for the detail on that. But my second question, just a follow-up to the discussion on how you all look at inorganic adds and the potential for those to come into the portfolio mix. As you look at potential opportunities, compare them to the existing asset base. What would you say are the disconnects between what you think could fit and what clearly doesn't? Are you seeing quality packages with just different parameters on valuation? Is there a lack of availability of assets in areas where you look at potentially add exposure? And then lastly, are there any key differences between the domestic and international A&D markets as you guys look at the landscape today. Thanks.
MattFox: Hi, Jeff. I think I'll take that. This is Matt. Yes, you saw the last year on the inorganic front, we did about $300 million of inorganic additions in the Lower 48, Alaska and internationally. And we've lay out - Ryan alluded to this a bit earlier we laid out some very clear guidelines we hope and the certainly clear internally as to what it would take in order to make an inorganic addition to the portfolio attractive. And we'll say that has to have an all-in cost of supply including the acquisition cost of below $50 a barrel and it has to have a development cost of below $40 a barrel to compete for capital. So we've been very clear on that the criteria we would have to achieve. It is the same criteria for larger scale corporate activity and for exploration program and for resource conversion within the portfolio. And so as we look around the portfolio, we can see some potential for incremental bolt-ons much like we did last year, but we're not at the stage of consummating any of those at the moment. But there are still opportunities out there that could be attractive additions to the portfolio as we go through time. As long as they meet those two criteria that I mentioned a minute ago.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
ScottHanold: Thanks. I think this one is for Don, can you discuss with the KBB pipeline down, how does that impact the financials? I mean what on a relative basis how does that generate cash flow relative to say the Conoco as a whole?
DonWallette: Yes, Scott, yes for 2020 and as Matt said, we're not counting on the resumption of that of Sabah, Sarawak gas pipeline. So the financial impact that we're estimating is about $90 million of cash flow and about $60 million on net income and that's, okay, and that's built into the sensitivities in our - that we published this morning.
ScottHanold: Okay, I appreciate that color. And turning really quickly back to Alaska again. How has the process or the progress going with evaluating a sell down in 2020 on that asset considering obviously the propositions that are out there? Do you find it's going to be a little bit more challenging in front of the November ballot to get something done?
DonWallette: Yes, Scott. So I'll take you back just for a second to November at the Analyst Meeting when we provided in our preliminary 2020 capital and production outlook. And at that point, we reflected that we would retain our current ownership level through this year. So through 2020 and at this point, we only plan to sell down after the uncertainty related to the citizens’ initiative has been resolved and after we fully interpreted the results of our 2020 exploration and appraisal program. And when we progress through Willow through the concept select gate. So after we've satisfied those three current criteria that's when we plan to execute this sell down so that pushes the sell down most likely well into next year. We won't execute a sell down in a way that causes us to lose control of the investment pace. We're already confident that there are multiple quality parties that are interested in these great assets. We would be open to an equal value strategic transaction or a swap rather than cash, if that makes sense. So that's where we are in the process, we're going to resolve some of these uncertainties and then we'll approach the market.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Allman from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
JoeAllman: Thank you. On Libya is with the situation in Libya now is production basically zero at this point and you having any thoughts on the outlook? And I know you don't guide for production in Libya. But what are you assuming in terms of your cash flow? What production level are you assuming for your cash flow guidance?
RyanLance: Yes. So you're right, we don't guide for production in Libya. Our guidance is excluding Libya. Right now because of the disruptions associated with this conflict, our Libya project company and the Libya National Oil company has declared force majeure and so we're just in the process of tapering down our production. We are not quite at zero now, but we expect to be fairly soon. So our hope is that these parties can resolve this conflict, and then we can restart operations soon. But right now, we're tapering down towards not producing.
JoeAllman: In terms of your cash flow guidance for this year, are you assuming that Libya is offline for an extended period or you assuming kind of flattish production from the fourth quarter level?
RyanLance: Yes, we're assuming that it will just be offline then.
JoeAllman: Okay, that's helpful. And on the defined benefit contribution. My understanding is that it was around $100 million in the fourth quarter and that you're guiding for about $100 million each quarter through 2020. So beyond 2020 should we assume the same kind of constant quarterly contribution or is this just kind of like a five quarter catch up? And could you talk about sort of the cash impact?
DonWallette: Yes, Joe, this is Don. Let me address that. So in the fourth quarter, our contribution to the US plan was I believe close to $80 million. We probably rounded up to $100 million, but we plan to continue contributions at that pace for the next three quarters. So quarter one, two and three in 2020 and so what's occurring here is that we've implemented a liability management strategy that's intended to derisk the pension liability over time, so the contributions that we make this year are going to allow us to shift more of our assets from equities into fixed income, and that's how we're going to be de-risk in the plan and hopefully reduce contributions as we go forward. So after the third quarter, you should expect that our contributions will reduce significantly and then hopefully depending on asset performance and interest rates continue to be quite small as we go into 2021 and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Ellen.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, everybody. And thank you again Zanera. If you have any calls, please feel free to reach out to Investor Relations and look forward to seeing all of you over the next several months. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. And thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-29 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the ConocoPhillips Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Senera and I'll be the operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis. Ellen, you may now begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Senera. Hello, everyone and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Today's prepared remarks will be delivered by Don Wallette, our EVP and CFO and Matt Fox, EVP and our Chief Operating Officer. Our three region presidents are also in the room with us today. They are Bill Bullock, the President of our Asia-Pacific, Middle East region, Michael Hatfield, the President of our Alaska, Canada and Europe region and Dominic Macklon, the President of our Lower 48 region. Page 2 of today's presentation deck shows our cautionary statement. We will make some forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results could differ due to the factors described on this slide and also in our periodic SEC filings. We will also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today and reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and also on our website. One final comment before I turn the call over to Don, given that our November Analyst and Investor meeting is only a few weeks away we're going to limit questions to one per person and ask that questions address today's earnings release or recent announcements. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Don.
Don Wallette: Thanks, Ellen, and good morning all. I'll begin with the third quarter highlights on Slide 4. Starting on the left with our financial performance, we realized adjusted earnings of $0.9 billion or $0.82 a share. Higher LNG realizations and higher production volumes combined with lower overall costs to mitigate the impacts of reduced marker prices. Cash from operations was $2.6 billion, resulting in free cash flow of $1 billion in the quarter and $4 billion year-to-date. We ended the quarter with $8.4 billion of cash and short-term investments. And our strong financial returns continued with a return on capital employed at just under 11% on a trailing 12-month basis. Moving to the middle column, operationally in the quarter we produced 1.32 million barrels of oil equivalent a day, up 7% on an underlying basis compared with the year ago quarter and up 12% on a per share basis. Matt will cover the rest of the operations highlights in a moment. On the strategic side earlier this month, we announced a 38% increase to our quarterly dividend which reflects the company's improved underlying financial strength, as well as our commitment to peer leading capital returns to shareholders. In addition, we repurchased $750 million of shares in the quarter and announced our plan to buy back $3 billion of shares in 2020. In both the third quarter and year-to-date, we've returned over 40% of CFO to our shareholders. We closed the sale of our E&P assets in the UK in September, which generated $2.2 billion in proceeds and as recently announced we entered into definitive agreements for the sale of our Australia West business. If you turn to Slide 5, I'll wrap up with a look at our cash flows for the quarter. We began the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $6.9 billion. Moving to the right cash from operations was $2.6 billion. There were a couple of items impacting cash from operations in the quarter that are noted here. First, in conjunction with the UK sale we made a one-time top-up contribution to the pension plan, such that it is now fully funded and essentially self sufficient. That $320 million can be viewed as an acceleration of future pension contributions. And second, as we do each quarter, we note the cash received during the quarter associated with the PDVSA settlement. To-date, we've received over $750 million related to the $2 billion settlement agreement reached in the third quarter of last year. Working capital was a $300 million use of cash and as mentioned, we recognized $2.2 billion in proceeds from closing of the UK disposition. Capital spending was $1.7 billion resulting in free cash flow of $1 billion in the quarter. And we distributed $1.1 billion or 41% of CFO to shareholders during the quarter through dividends and share buybacks, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $8.4 billion. So as you can see this past quarter once again continued our trend of consistent, strong operational and financial performance. It also demonstrates our unwavering commitment to financial returns, capital discipline, free cash flow generation and returning capital to shareholders. We firmly believe that ours is a sustainable, distinctive and compelling value proposition, one that is highly competitive, not only within the energy sector, but also across the broader market. With that I will turn the call over to Matt.
Matt Fox: Thanks, Don. I'll provide a brief overview of our year-to-date operational highlights, and discuss our outlook for the remainder of the year. Please turn to Slide 7. Across the portfolio, we continue to advance the operational milestones we highlighted at the end of last year. Starting in Alaska, we safely completed our third quarter turnarounds at Prudhoe, the Western North Slope and Kuparuk and closed the Nuna discovered resource acquisition. We also continue to progress appraisal of our Willow and Narwhal discoveries. Earlier this month we spud another horizontal well from an existing Alpine drill site into the Narwhal trend. The well is designed to provide offset injection to the horizontal producer we drilled earlier in the year and help us optimize future development planning. We're also gearing up for the winter exploration, appraisal and project execution season. Moving to Canada, we completed commissioning of the Montney gas plant this quarter. Due to delays in the third-party pipeline, we now expect that project to be online in early 2020. As Surmont our alternative diluent project is on track for start-up in the fourth quarter as planned. In fact, we are actively transitioning today start condensate blending for Dilbit sales beginning on November 1. This capability will not only reduce the amount of diluent we require but also provide blend flexibility and consistently improve our netbacks. And the Lower 48 Big 3 third quarter production by asset was Eagle Ford at 226,000 barrels equivalent per day, Vulcan a 102 and Delaware at 51 for a total of 379,000. As we indicated last quarter, we expect Big 3 production to remain relatively flat for the remainder of the year and we're on target to achieve a full-year growth rate of about 21%. Lastly in the Lower 48, we now have 3 vintage 5 multi-well pilot pads online in the Eagle Ford and you'll hear more about that in a few weeks. Moving over to Europe, the UK disposition closed and we successfully transitioned operatorship. In Norway partner-operated turnarounds were safely completed in the third quarter. In Qatar, we've been invited to submit a bid for the North Field expansion project. And then, Malaysia production ramp up at KBB continued through the quarter and we expect to reach full throughput by year-end. In addition, Gumusut Phase II came online in August. And finally in Australia, we announced the divestiture of our Australia West assets for $1.4 billion, which we expect to close in the first quarter of 2020. Meanwhile, we continue to progress Barossa and remain on schedule for FID by early next year. So, we've had another strong quarter of execution as well as significant progress across the portfolio. Now I'll discuss the outlook for the remainder of the year on Slide 8. As we enter the last quarter of 2019, we're continuing our focus on execution, while maintaining capital discipline. Our full-year operating plan capital guidance remains unchanged at $6.3 billion, excluding about $300 million of opportunistic low cost of supply resource positions that we discussed last quarter. On the production side full-year guidance also remains unchanged, except for updating for the close of our UK asset divestiture. With that in mind, we now expect the fourth quarter to average between 1.265 million and 1.305 million barrels equivalent per day but the full-year guidance between 1.3 million and 1.31 million barrels a day. So, we remain on track to deliver 5% underlying full-year production growth and combined with our buyback program that results in 10% production growth per share. Finally, we're looking forward to our Analyst and Investor Meeting on November 19 in Houston. We'll show a decade-long disciplined plan that delivers free cash flow and strong returns. And of course we'll provide a deep dive into the assets across our diverse portfolio. Our continued strong performance highlights the strength of our portfolio diversity and our ability to generate free cash flow to support distinctive returns to shareholders. Our entire ConocoPhillips team is focused on successfully executing the remainder of our 2019 plan and we look forward to sharing our longer term plans with you in November. Now we'll open up for questions on the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Phil Gresh from JP Morgan. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Yes. Hi, good morning. First question here, just as you said on the quarter. As we look ahead here to the fourth quarter guidance, it looks like from your prepared remarks, the production outlook was just meant to be an adjustment for the closing of the UK transaction. Just wanted to confirm that. And if there are any other moving pieces we might want to be thinking about for the quarter? Thanks.
Matt Fox: Yeah. Phil. Yeah, it really is just an adjustment for the UK Change. It's a bit less of an increase from the third to the fourth quarter than we usually see, but that's mostly because we've had front-end loaded production in the Lower 48 and Qatar. And it's also influenced to some extent by the fact that Montney start-up has slipped into the first quarter because of this delay in the third-party pipeline, but really primarily just reflecting the change in the UK.
Phil Gresh: Okay, got it. And then just one for Don, on the cash flow, you've had a decent working capital headwind year-to-date and I was just wondering if there are any transitory dynamics there that could reverse some of that in the fourth quarter, and then obviously I think we're going to get a step up in the APLNG distributions as well, correct?
Don Wallette: Yeah, Phil, on the APLNG distributions, yeah, we do expect the even quarters to be high and the odd quarters to be low. So we'll continue that trend. We had $60 million distributed in the third quarter. I would expect that number to grow to about $300 million in the fourth quarter. So still pretty consistent with what I guided to last time, which I think was $750 million for the year on APLNG. On working capital, we had $300 million use in the quarter and there we saw an increase in accounts receivable due to some sales timings on liftings in Norway and Malaysia both and a decrease in accounts payable of about the same -- about $150 million and that's just normal payment timing. So there's really not a lot going on there. I wouldn't suggest that we have a trend line that we're following.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I wonder, again trying to stick to the quarter I guess with also one of the things you included in your slide today Matt, your decision to exit Barossa in the middle of the quarter, but yet prepared to still consider investing in Qatar. I just wondered if you could walk us through your thinking in terms of LNG market outlook, why exiting one and still being involved in another might make sense for you guys and maybe if I you get out, can I add a Part B to that. Just it was like international gas prices were a little bit better this time. I'm just wondering if you're seeing any improvement or is that just a lag effect on pricing? I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Matt Fox: Thanks, Doug. We decided to exit the ABUs not because we're concerned about the cost of supply there. We actually think that as a competitive project, but the -- we concluded that the we should monetize those assets and redirect capital to higher returning projects across the rest of our portfolio. So it was a pretty straightforward allocation of capital decision for us to make the decision that with the ABUs. We are still interested in the Qatar North Field expansion and the -- we think that will also be a very competitive cost of supply LNG project and we will continue to progress those discussions with Qatar, as we go through the rest of the year and into next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question...
Ellen DeSanctis: Excuse me, Senera, we'll complete the answer to Doug's second part of the questions.
Don Wallette: Yeah. Doug, you had a question about LNG realizations in the third quarter. So I just wanted to address that and you're right, it is the lag effect in pricing the way these long-term contracts work. So for example, in the quarter, Brent, as you know it was down about $7 from the previous quarter but JCC pricing was up $8. So what you're seeing is just the lag effect on LNG realizations.
Ellen DeSanctis: Go ahead, Senera, we'll take our next question.
Operator: Thank you. And I apologize about that. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team. The first question I had was around Qatar. Can you remind us again, Matt, just around the mechanics of production, to extent do you have a heavy first half weighted production run in Qatar, does that come -- did you come up against any caps or restrictions on volumes as you get into the fourth quarter?
Matt Fox: Yeah. The -- so we've already talked as we've gone through the year about the front-end loaded nature of the Lower 48. In Qatar there is an annual limits to total production that we can produce there in Qatar and we had very strong performance through the first three quarters. So that means that we choke back in the fourth quarter to meet our limit. And that's something that's been in place from the beginning of Qatar, but it's been a bit more pronounced this year because performance has been so strong in the first three quarters.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, and then you're drilling down into the Lower 48. Can you just walk us through each of the 3 regions and what you're seeing from a volume perspective as we go into the fourth quarter and anything notable that you would call out in terms of how the performance is play-by-play?
Dominic Macklon: Yeah. Thanks, Neil. It's Dominic here. I mean I think in terms of Q4 outlook here on the Big 3 all pretty flat I think Eagle Ford pretty flat from Q3 into Q4, Bakken had a good strong quarter in Q3, it's probably relatively flat into Q4, we may see some weather impacts in December up the in North Dakota, of course, we will see a little bit of growth in the Delaware. But overall, our guidance is relatively flat, Q4 for the Big 3 versus Q3. We will see continued growth in 2020 in the Big 3 and we look forward to talking about that in November.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Doug Terreson: Hi, everybody. So my question is about the implications of divestitures in the North Sea and Western Australia on your total corporate retirement obligations and specifically how you expect those to change once those asset sales close?
Don Wallette: Yeah. Doug. This is Don. Yeah, I can give you some guidance around the asset retirement obligations. In the UK , I think we've already published that, but that's $1.8 billion of reduction in ARO and then in, let's say, Australia West assuming that completes in the first quarter of next year, we would expect that ARO reduction to be about $650 million. So combined between the two major asset sales, we'd see a $2.5 billion reduction, that's about 30% of our balance.
Doug Terreson: Oh wow. Okay. Okay, that's all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Roger Read: Yeah. Good morning. Thanks. I was just curious, given that the winter program is already pretty set, I'm just kind of curious about an update there, what we may look for in the coming months?
Michael Hatfield: Yeah. Hi, Roger. This is Michael. We're gearing up for our winter drilling program now. In fact, this upcoming winter program will be our largest ever. We'll drill wells that at Willow, at Narwhal and Harpoon and we're looking forward to sharing the details of that program at our meeting in November. There's really nothing further to share at this point.
Roger Read: All right, I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys. Good morning. Matt, Just curious that on Montney, I think you guys are targeting on the condensate window. What's the API you're targeting because one of the push back we heard from people is that the update that people actually want to have a higher API condensate, so that the used lesser of the pipeline space, and when they blend it with the bitumen. So from that standpoint, I mean why that you guys think that you're condensate if you get from there, even if it is a lower API you will have a good market?
Michael Hatfield: Yes, thanks Paul. This is Michael again. Our liquids in Montney is about half of our product mix and about two-thirds of our revenue mix. About over half of that is condensate, and it's a fairly wide condensate, it's about 40 degrees. It's not linked physically with our Surmont asset. We'll sell the condensate into the market, and in fact we're in the process of just waiting on the third-party pipeline to start up our gas plant probably early next year. And so we'll start to see production results from this first pad, that will bring online at that time. So the condensate and other products will all be sold into the market in Canada, which is actually a pretty strong market in terms of condensate.
Paul Cheng: And Michael, I'm sorry, what did you say what is the API for your condensate?
Michael Hatfield: Yeah, it's around -- it's in the 40 degree range, plus or minus.
Paul Cheng: 40? Okay, that seems pretty low. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Mizuho Securities USA. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Thank you. Hi, all. We had question about the maintenance capital levels that will be ongoing after the disposals you made, Matt. So we wanted just to know what the impact is on spending on an ongoing basis from the disposals. And if I could follow up on the M&A theme. Could you talk a little bit about the $300 million of opportunistic add-ons, I think you call them, what are the parameters for those deals and do we assume that the parameters that you're using there would be similarly applied to a bigger deal if you made one? Thank you.
Matt Fox: Okay. Yeah Thanks, Paul. The maintenance capital. I assume you're referring to the sustaining capital number that we are...
Paul Sankey: Yeah exactly, sustaining is what I should have said.
Matt Fox: Yeah. No, that's same. It's sort of interchangeable. But the so that's around $3.8 billion and that continues here. In fact, it continues through the next decade when we talk about some in a few weeks. So, there is no significant change there. There's some puts and takes with the acquisitions and growth in the unconventionals but it stays around $3.8 billion and that keeps or sustaining price, which is what we're really focused on well below $40 a barrel. The -- on the M&A front, it's really -- you referred to the $300 million the spend this year on acquisition capital. So those were adding positions in Alaska at the Nuna trend that's now closed in the Lower 48 adding for the most part royalty acreage within our coexisting operated positions. Some smaller additions in the Montney continue to calling up there and then the entrance into the Vaca Muerta play in Argentina and there's nothing new in this quarter from in that respect. But the -- yes, they sort of decision criteria, when we are thinking about those it's basically we're focused as we are in all of our capital investments on the cost of supply. So we have to be able to see the acquisition price plus the development cost of supply in aggregate being competitive with other sources of resource additions. And again, that's something that we'll talk about -- more about in November, just philosophically how we think about all event and in the context of asset or corporate acquisitions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Hi, hello. In terms of Alaska, and I think this question qualifies because it's on recent news, do you see anything changing from an operating perspective now that you have a new partner with BP exiting, and have you had maybe any early conversations and could there be some upside there? And I guess what we're getting at also is because we've noticed that you spent almost all of the full year budget in Alaska already?
Michael Hatfield: Yes, Jeanine. This is Michael, again. So with the transition from Hilcorp -- sorry from BP to Hilcorp, it's still early stages. So we're still pending the successful close of that transaction, with Hilcorp does have a track record in Alaska rejuvenating mature fields. They've reduced lifting costs, they've increased development activity and increased production in these other fields. And so we expect to see a reduction in operating costs and a renewed focus on investments. Now any capital plans for Prudhoe Bay require the approval of Hilcorp, Exxon and ConocoPhillips and so while we work very closely today with BP, as the operator we'll continue to work closely with Hilcorp as they come in and Exxon to maximize the value of this legacy asset. So we're excited for this transaction, we see opportunity to unlock more value at Prudhoe Bay.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. And just saying we'll stay tuned. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Brackett from Bernstein Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Bob Brackett: Another Alaska related question. If we think about the fair share Act ballot initiative. Can you talk about that and perhaps put it in the context of the longer-term ebb and flow of tax policy up on the North Slope?
Michael Hatfield: Yeah. Thanks, Bob. This is Michael, again. It's a situation that we are monitoring very closely. I'd say this initiative is not in the best long-term interest of the Alaskan citizens. We believe the Alaskan citizens will see the benefit that the North Slope exploration renaissance has already brought to the state and to its citizens. If you look at the positive changes that have occurred since SB 21 went into effect in 2013, ConocoPhillips and others have announced several additional discoveries and projects that could add significant incremental production and revenue to the state. And so we believe that continuing those investments is good for employment, it's good for the Alaskan economy and it's good for the Alaskan citizens. And so that's for both now and over the long-term, and so we feel like it's also worth noting that this sort of initiative has come up in the past and we've successfully informed voters of the negative consequences of jobs, production and long-term revenue, the impact of those sort of initiatives have on the benefits of -- the benefits that the citizens would see. So we do have a long history of engagement with the public. We feel that there is a mutually beneficial relationship with the stakeholders and in short, so it's very much on our radar and something we're monitoring quite closely and we do expect, in fact, we're gearing up now to make our case to the citizens about the benefits of continuing under the fiscal regime that we currently have.
Bob Brackett: Great. Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeoffrey Lambujon from Tudor Pickering Holt. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeoffrey Lambujon: Good morning. My question is just on capital allocation for the remainder of this year, just thinking about the unchanged budget, would have stopped there may have been some downside potential and spend just given that UK closed. So just looking for any color on where that unspent CapEx might be allocated to instead for the remainder of the year?
Matt Fox: Yeah. This is Matt, Jeoffrey, so far this year run rate has been about $1.6 billion in the quarter, that's going to drop $500 million in the 4th quarter. Part of it because of the UK disposition, but also just general phasing primarily associated with completions, and refracs and exploration timing there and it's just that those modest sort of planned changes that causes to go from a run rate of $1.6 billion to $1.5 billion
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Hall from Heikkinen Energy. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Michael Hall: Thank you. Good morning. I appreciate the time. I guess maybe going back up to Canada or to Alaska -- sorry, can you guys provide an exit rate on what Alaska production look like after the turnarounds?
Matt Fox: Yeah. We're producing around the 210,000 to 220,000 barrels a day at this point.
Michael Hall: Great. That's helpful. And then on the Canadian gas plant, can you just remind me what the net capacity on that is to those operations and to you?
Michael Hatfield: Yeah, the capacity is about 100 million cubic feet a day. One of the benefits that we have of the plant that we've designed here is we can design one and build many. So as we're in this appraisal mode and we ramp up to different stairsteps of production levels we'll be able to clone this plant multiple times over.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James Please Please go ahead, your line is open.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for taking the question. First, just a quick one, about gas pricing, you mentioned the lag effect benefiting LNG in the quarter by -- in your European gas pricing, it was the lowest number as far as I can remember on record, lower than in 2016 even. I'm curious why North Sea gas was so depressed in the September quarter?
Don Wallette: Hey Pavel. This is Don. Yeah, all of the markers, were down during the third quarter from Brent to WTI and Henry Hub, of course, here in the US AECO, International Gas in Europe. LNG, of course, is quite different and it's priced differently. That's why we saw the increased realizations in the third quarter. But now that's just supply and demand factor in Europe, there is a weakness in the market or there was in the third quarter and it continues in the fourth.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. Understood. My follow-up a little more thematic, if I may. In your sale of Australia West did you consider including APLNG as part of the same transaction to simply exit Australia altogether?
Matt Fox: And this is Matt, Pavel. No, this was focused on the cash flow characteristics in ABUs and the nature of that asset, the stage of the lifecycle. And we didn't consider an exit of Australia in its entirety.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Doug Leggate: I know I ask my one question already. I think that's a mistake. I can ask another one, if you like.
Matt Fox: Feel free Doug.
Doug Leggate: Well, I have you guys I actually didn't line up from other question. I feel quite embarrassed, but I had another one written down. Just on your cost guidance, I'm expecting this will come up next week, but because the costs -- well they've been running a bit light this year I'm just wondering if there is anything that we should read into that, are you doing a lot better on both operating costs. And I guess DD&A's a bit low as well but pretty much from the cash costs. But I'm guessing that's something you will address in a couple of weeks, but any comments you can share? But -- and I'll extend my gratitude to the operator for giving me the second shot. Thanks.
Don Wallette: Doug, thanks for your second question. No the operating costs continue to hold the line. In fact, in third quarter, I think our production, and operating costs and SG&A were down about 6% or so from the previous quarter. I wouldn't read a whole lot of that -- into that. Some of it was -- we had a bit higher cost in the second quarter because of the turnaround activity and we had I think a settlement litigation thing that we settled. So we see operating costs remaining essentially flat for this year. And so we're not adjusting the full-year production and operating cost guidance at this time. I mean, we can talk more about how we see that outlook going forward next month. But we continue to be aggressive on trying to keep a very efficient operating structure.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time we have no further questions. I would like to turn the call back to Ellen.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Senera. Thank you to our listeners today. We look forward to seeing you in a few weeks. Appreciate your time and interest in ConocoPhillips.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-30 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sanera, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Senior Vice President, Corporate Relations. Ellen, you may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Sanera. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Today’s prepared remarks will be delivered by Don Wallette, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Fox, our EVP and Chief Operating Officer. In addition, our three regions President’s are on the call today. They are Bill Bullock, our President of our Asia Pacific, Middle East region; Michael Hatfield, our President of the Alaska, Canada and Europe regions; and Dominic Macklon, President of our Lower 48 region. Page 2 of today’s presentation deck shows our cautionary statement. We'll make some forward-looking statements on today's call that refer to estimates or plans. Actual results could differ due to the factors described on this slide and in our periodic filings with the SEC. We'll also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures this morning and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and on our website. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Don.
Donald Wallette: Thanks, Ellen. Good morning to all. I'll cover the second quarter highlights on Slide 4. Starting on the left with our financial performance, we realized adjusted earnings of $1.1 billion in the quarter or $1.01 per share. Our production outperformance in the quarter didn't fully translate to the bottom line as sales lagged production with inventories building by roughly 25,000 barrels a day, which represents about $0.03 a share. We generated $3.4 billion of cash from operations resulting in free cash flow of $1.7 billion in the quarter and $3 billion year-to-date. This quarter represents our seventh consecutive quarter of free cash flow generation across a broad range of prices underscoring our commitment to capital discipline. And importantly, over this seven quarter timeframe, cash from operations has more than covered all capital, dividends, and share repurchases. We ended the quarter with $6.9 billion of cash and short-term investments. In our strong financial returns continued on a trailing 12-month basis our return on capital employed was 12.4%. Moving to the middle column, operationally, in the quarter we produced 1.29 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 6% on an underlying per debt adjusted share basis compared with the year-ago quarter. Sequentially, seasonal turnaround impacts for a mitigated by growth from the Lower 48 Big 3. Touching on the final bullet in the operational column, in the second quarter we closed several small bolt-on transactions in the Lower 48 Big 3 for about a $100 million. We consistently monitor the market for these kinds of low costs with supply additions in/and around our core areas and we were able to complete a few royalty interest and acreage deals this quarter and attractive terms. Shifting to the far right strategic column, we've increased this year's planned share repurchase program by $500 million to a total of $3.5 billion. In the second quarter, we repurchased 1.25 billion of shares. We expect to purchase 1.5 billion of shares in the second half of the year. Combined with our second quarter dividend, we returned 47% of cash from operations to shareholders in the quarter, so returning capital to shareholders remains a priority. In the second quarter, we realized 600 million in disposition proceeds and the UK disposition continues to progress toward closing in the second half of the year. We expect to recognize a gain of approximately $2 billion before tax and after tax when the sale closes. Also at closing, we'll see a significant balance sheet improvement with net cash proceeds expected to be about $2 billion, while liabilities associated with asset retirement obligations will decrease by about $2 billion. If you turn to Slide 5, I'll wrap up with a look at cash flows. During the quarter, we began the second quarter with cash and short-term investments of $6.7 billion. Moving to the right, cash from operations was $3.4 billion, which included roughly $320 million in APLNG distributions, and about $90 million collected through the ICC settlement agreement with PDVSA. To-date, we've received $665 million related to the $2 billion settlement. I'll also mention that we continued to receive contingent value payments from Cenovus during the quarter. To-date, we've received or accrued a little over $180 million in contingency payments from this 2017 transaction. Moving on, working capital was a $600 million use of cash during the quarter. We recognized $600 million in proceeds from dispositions and we had $1.7 billion of capital expenditures in the quarter, which was exactly half of cash from operations, excluding working capital, leaving $1.7 billion of free cash flow. For the first half, free cash flow was $3 billion, representing a 9% free cash flow yield on an annualized basis. Looking to the last two bricks on the right, the roughly $350 million in dividends and $1.25 billion of share repurchases represented a return of capital to shareholders of $1.6 billion or 47% of CFO. Total shareholder yield based on planned buybacks and our current dividend is running a little over 7%. And you see the ending cash on the far right with a slight build from the first quarter, despite choosing to increase buybacks in the quarter by $500 million compared to recent quarters. So to briefly recap, this past quarter builds on our trend of consistent, strong operational and financial performance. The quarter reemphasizes our commitment to financial returns, capital discipline, free cash flow generation, and returning cash from operations to shareholders. We believe this is a sustainable and compelling value proposition for our industry. With that, I'll turn the call over to Matt.
Matthew Fox: Thanks, Don. I'll provide a brief overview of a year-to-date operational highlights and discuss our outlook for the remainder of the year. So please turn to Slide 7. Across the portfolio, we continue to make progress towards the key milestones we highlighted at the end of last year. Starting in Alaska, we wrapped up our winter appraisal season in the Greater Willow Area and Narwhal in the second quarter. June the first half of the year, we build seven successful appraisal wells and conducted the series of horizontal production well, injectivity and interference test. The results have also been encouraging for both Willow and Narwhal trends. Based on these positive results, we're also taking the opportunity to drill an additional unbudgeted horizontal well from an existing Alpine Drill Site into the Narwhal trend later this year. Also in the second quarter, we announced the high value bolt-on to our Alaska position. We acquired discovered resource acreage called Nuna, directly adjacent to our Kuparuk field and we expect that transaction to close in the third quarter. Finally in June, planned maintenance was completed at Prudhoe Bay and turnarounds will continue in the third quarter of Prudhoe, the Western North Slope and Kuparuk. Moving to Canada. We safely completed the first turnaround of our Surmont 2 central processing facility, which in addition to the maintenance scope also paved way for the alternative diluent project. This capability will not only reduce the amount of diluent we require, but provide diluent flexibility and improve our netbacks. We expect to have a fully operational by the end of the year as planned. In June, Surmont was brought back online, but continues to be subject to mandatory curtailment, impacting planned production by about 5,000 barrels a day for the rest of the year. In Montney, we continue completion activities on the 14 well pad and construction of the associated infrastructure with startup still on track for the fourth quarter. In the Lower 48, Big 3 second quarter production by assets was Eagle Ford at 221,000 barrels equivalent per day, Bakken at 98, and Delaware of 48. This represents a 41,000 barrel a day increase from the first quarter to 367,000 due to strong execution performance and improved operational efficiency. But now we expect Big 3 production in 2019 to average 360,000 barrels a day, up from our initial expectation of 350,000. This represents the growth rate of about 21% from 2018 to 2019 and an increase of over 60,000 barrels a day for the year. As Don mentioned, during the quarter, we made several royalty interest and acreage acquisitions across the Big 3. Lastly, we continue to evaluate our results in the Louisiana Austin Chalk play. So far, although we drilled oil from the first three wells that produced a higher water cuts and we were hoping to see. So the results to date are disappointing. Louisiana Austin Chalk is the primary target, we're also evaluating opportunities and other formations within the acreage. Moving over to Europe. As Don said, the UK disposition continues to progress towards closing. We also began a planned turnaround in the J-Area that was completed in July.  In Norway, we completed the Greater Ekofisk area turnaround during the second quarter and sanctioned the Tor 2 fuel redevelopment project. This is the subsea production system tied back to Ekofisk that we expect to come on at the end of 2020. In the third quarter, there will be more turnaround activity in Norway at our partner operated assets. In Qatar, we remain very interested in participating in the North Field Expansion Project. Moving to Malaysia, production ramp up at KBB continued and flew through the Sabah-Sarawak Gas Pipeline recommenced, but we don't expect full ramp up in production to be achieved until late in the year. Also in the quarter, KBB began delivering gas to third-party floating LNG facility. This will serve as a supplementary offtake to help mitigate potential production disruptions through the pipeline. Finally, in Indonesia, the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources announced earlier this month, the ConocoPhillips has been awarded a 20-year extension of our participation in the Corridor Block beyond the current contract expiring in December of 2023. So another quarter of strong execution as well as significant progress across the portfolio. So now let me discuss the outlook for the remainder of the year on Slide 8. As we progress through 2019, we're continuing our disciplined capital approach and we're also making decisions to optimize the value of our high margin assets. We are adjusting our full-year operating plan capital guidance from $6.1 billion to $6.3 billion, excluding acquisitions for two unbudgeted activities. In Alaska, we’ll spend about half of incremental capital to conduct additional scope in our appraisal program, including a long-term test at the Putu horizontal appraisal well and the additional Narwhal appraisal well I mentioned earlier, as well as additional long lead items for the 2020 exploration and appraisal season. In the Eagle Ford, we’ve just started a rig in order to optimize rig count as we ramp towards the plateau phase of our development plans over the next few years. And we'll describe the basis of this optimization in more detail in November. Incremental rate associated with this rig won't show up until 2020. Our 2019 operating capital guidance excludes acquisitions. To date, we have closed and announced both $300 million of transactions, including the Lower 48 [indiscernible] deals we've already mentioned and a low-cost entry into the Vaca Muerta shale play in Argentina. These all represent opportunistic low-cost of supply additions to our resource base. On the production side, we expect the third quarter to average between 1.29 million and 1.33 million barrels equivalent per day. You'll notice on the right side of this chart that we're narrowing the range and our full-year outlook because half the year is behind us now, but maintaining the midpoint in our previous guidance of 1.325 million barrels a day. Now this might look conservative considering our very strong first half performance. However, at this time we are not adjusting our full-year and midpoint guidance for two reasons. The first is because we accelerate through production versus our plan from the second half of the year into the first half of the year, especially in the second quarter and especially in the Lower 48 Big 3. As I said earlier, we expect the Big 3 overall growth rate to be higher than planned for 2019. We expect production levels for the remainder of the year to be flat, so mostly growing – to modestly growing level from the increased rate we saw in the second quarter. The second factor is lower-than-expected performance in two areas. Surmont, due to the mandated curtailments that we know expect to continue through the year and Alaska, where one of the four production wells of the GMT1 project is performing below expectations. The increased production from the Lower 48 Big 3 in the first half of the year essentially helps offset these factors through the year. That's another great example of the value of diversification in our portfolio. We have a busy second half of the year with several turnarounds and the ramp up of KBB production, so we don't think it's prudent to change full-year guidance at this time. But to be clear, the original $6.1 billion operating plan capital is still delivering our planned 5% underlying production growth and with our planned buybacks, we expect to deliver 8% per debt-adjusted share growth. Also bear in mind that we are carrying the UK and all of these numbers.  We will update production and other relevant guidance items at the close of the UK disposition. Finally, we are looking forward to your Analyst and Investor meeting in November 19 in Houston. We'll show a decade-long disciplined capital plan that delivers free cash flow and strong shareholder returns across a range of prices, and we'll provide a deep dive into the assets across our diverse portfolio.  Our strong performance in the first half of the year highlights the strength of our portfolio diversity and our ability to generate free cash flow to support distinctive returns to shareholders. Our entire ConocoPhillips team is focused on successfully executing the second half of our 2019 plan and sharing our long-term plans with you in November.  Now I’ll open up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team and congrats on a good quarter here. I guess the first question is, you had really strong cash flow generation, part of it was led by the dividend payment out of APLNG and then the ability to pull cash from Venezuela. Can you talk about both of those line items? They're independently difficult to model the sizing and timing, and how we should think about that going forward?
Donald Wallette: Neil, this is Don. I'll take that one. So yes, cash flow was strong and you point to a couple of the items that helped that. We did have strong distributions from APLNG 320 in the quarter. And in the first quarter, I think it was $73 million. So for the first half, about $400 million. I think previously, maybe it was in the last call, maybe it was in the fourth quarter call, I gave guidance to expect APLNG distributions of about $550 million to $600 million for the year. I need to probably bump that up a little bit, but I wouldn't take two times the 400. It won't be quite that high. But I think the new expectation on distributions for 2019, I would say is going to be in the range of $650 million to $700 million. Now I’ve cautioned folks on this before, but I'll just do it again, is that, these aren't readable across the quarters. The odd quarters, the first and the third quarter always going to be low because that's when financing payments and tax payments come up, and the even quarters, the second and fourth, they're going to be relatively high. So as you're thinking quarter-to-quarter, you should expect third quarter to be kind of lowish and fourth quarter to be highish. With respect to PDVSA, I think that's a very difficult one to give you guidance on for modeling because, we don't build that into our cash forecast either. We only recognize the earnings and the cash as we receive it. And I think that's probably the appropriate way to view it considering the situation and the counterparty.
Neil Mehta: That's, that's helpful. And then look, it's a small adjustment on CapEx from $6.1 billion to $6.3 billion, but certainly received some attention this morning. So can you just talk a little bit about, give us a little more about what drove the $200 million and when you think about the incremental rig in the Eagle Ford and the incremental spend in Alaska, why those are good incremental rate of return projects that that helped to lower the cost of the company?
Donald Wallette: Yes, I'll take that. So the Alaska, so we've completed the off-ice appraisals season in Alaska this winter. And the results we've seen though to Willow and Narwhal are both very encouraging, so we're really taking the opportunity to extend some of the appraisal from offerings from our existing drill sites Alpine. And for example, we've decided to do an extended well test on a horizontal appraisal where we drill into the Narwhal trend. The results of that well are very encouraging and we thought let's see if we can go a long-term test and understand the long-term deliverability. So that's part of the increase. We also can drill and offset injection well to this from the same drill site. So we're going to take the opportunity to do that as well. And that will get us further information on the Narwhal trend. But it's really driven by encouragement and what we saw in the initial well in the Narwhal, the fit to appraisal well we call that. And so we're feeling good about that. We're also firming up our plans for 2020, and we're going to have another quite aggressive appraisal and exploration season in 2020. This year was really focused just on an appraisal. And so there's some long lead items to do that. So once we get to November, we'll give you some details and exactly what we've concluded from the appraisal program this year. But it's encouraging and that's what's led to, trying to accelerate some of this learning. In the Lower 48, we're always looking to optimize the value from an unconventional programs and we've been working specifically this year and more detailed on establishing the optimum plateau rate for the unconventionals. And that that is latest to conclude that we should add or regular to overtime to the Eagle Ford. And we're taking the opportunity to add the seventh rig this year and maybe an eighth rig next year. So that that's what's behind the – of course we don't expect the seventh rig to contribute any production till next year, but it's all part of this sort of rational approach to establishing the create class already to the unconventional plays.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open. Good morning everybody. 
Douglas Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Let's stay later this year, but the last call, I seem to recall Ryan talking about trying to find out away to bring investors back to the sector and I'm more than 30% of your cash flow to be now returned to shareholders. You've obviously exceeded that this quarter. And my question really is the share price clearly continues to languish along with the rest of the sector. What are you thinking in terms of how you differentiate your cash return? I think, the expression that that march was used was how do you differentiate that on? I'm thinking specifically about the prospect of a variable distribution, particularly in times when all prices are elevated relative to what the market might think is sustainable. So the extent to which you can share any thoughts on how you manage your own? And I've got a follow-up please.
Donald Wallette: Doug, this is Don. Let me take that one. Yes, I think we are trying to distinguish ourselves with our return of capital to shareholders. You saw the figures for the second quarter and if you look at our $1.4 billion dividend and $3.5 billion of planned buybacks this year that's $4.9 billion and let's just say that you see maybe something around $12 billion of CFOs, something in that neighborhood then that's approaching this right around 40% on a return of cash, return of capital to shareholders in the year. So we're trying to compete and with the best capital returners in the business and certainly distinguish ourselves from the other E&P companies out there. That you mentioned the variable dividends and I would just say that we're always thinking about the best ways to return capital to shareholders and so we talked with the investment community to get feedback on their thoughts. We do think our current model of a meaningful common dividend and a significant level of writeable buybacks that really go on indefinitely is a very attractive capital return model. But we're always testing other ideas and so we'll talk more about this in some depth in November.
Douglas Leggate: Yes. Just I want to just my second question, but just a very quick follow-up comment on that. Is that the cash return is terrific as we all know, but your relative yield is where the push back comes on. So I'm just curious if they'll fight. I mean obviously you never want to put yourself back in a position with a high ordinary dividend, but the buyback is essentially the delta between what your prior dividend was and what your current dividend is? And as a consequence you have that thought challenge I guess that your current yield is no longer competitive was companies with similar free cash flow capabilities. So just an observation I'd be curious if you want to add any follow-up as to whether that's a consideration. And I do have a very quick follow-up.
Donald Wallette: Yes, those are always considerations, Doug. So yes, we continuously think about the level of our distributions. We think about the mix of our distributions between buybacks and cash return in the form of dividends. And we also think about how best to distribute year in periods of procyclicality. So these are the things that the management team continues to challenge and ask ourselves and we are looking forward to talking more about this in November.
Douglas Leggate: Okay. My follow-up, I expect this to be a very quick one. Matt, you mentioned you're still interested in Qatar LNG I understand that things are I can have a confidential stage for the industry right now, but I'm just curious in a success case? Is that included in the sub $7 billion multi-year capital plan or would something like the potential liquidation of Cenovus BF source of alternative funding if you are successful. Now leave it there. Thanks.
Matthew Fox: That isn't not included in the sub $7 billion that average capital. The only thing we've included in there are things that we've already capture when we don't want to be presumptuous in whether or not we'll actually take a position in Qatar LNG. So and as you see if does transpire that we have a position there then we haven’t ways of funding that incremental capital, but we didn't want to include until it's captured.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Hi, yes. I guess the first question here would be a follow-up for Matt. You're making the comment about trying to align the rig counts in the Big 3 with an optimal long-term production plateau. And I was just wondering if you could elaborate on that a bit as to how you're thinking about the three assets today. I know Bakken spend a flattish asset for some time. Now you're adding to the Eagle Ford. So I'd be very interested if you have updated thoughts in the Eagle Ford and even if you have any again the Permian? Thanks.
Matthew Fox: Yes. We're going to gives you more on this and in November, but we see the three – the Big 3 and then quite different stages of the life cycle. Just now Bakken is essentially our plateau. Now, depending on the taming of completions and that's going to been surrender. But we would expect that to be in the 80,000 to 90,000 barrel a day range for a long time to come. But we don't really intend to have incremental growth there. The Eagle Ford isn't and probably we characterize as late stage growth and within the next few years, we will reach plateau there. And this addition of the rig is in service of reaching the optimum plateau and holding that for the optimum duration. The Permian for us is much earlier in the life cycle, so that has a significant growth ahead of it and it will be several years before we reach plateau there. But we do still have what we regard as a pretty rigorous approach to this and this is too difficult to explain on the phone call, but it's something that we will elaborate on in November.
Phil Gresh: And just to clarify on Eagle Ford, is there a specific target you're thinking of that you could share or would you rather say that?
Matthew Fox: I think it's fair to wait to get the context for the whole thing, but it's fair to say that we're a few years yet from the plateau, so certainly it's going to plateau at a higher rate than where it's is now, but we'll share more of that in November.
Phil Gresh: Okay. And then just my follow-up is on the buyback. Don, maybe you could just maybe clarify a little bit. There's obviously a $500 million raise in the full-year, which you fully accomplished in the second quarter. So maybe just a little clarity around how you're thinking about the back half. Is it just more about kind of what happens with prices? Is there some degree of conservatism there? Or maybe intentionally stepped up in the second quarter? Just any thoughts you have about the progression you took. Thanks.
Donald Wallette: Yes. I think you can expect us to revert back to the $750 million a quarter that we've kind of historically run the last couple of years. As far as the bump up in the second quarter by $500 million, we knew we wanted to increase the buybacks for the year to 3.5. And we certainly have the cash on hand to be able to do that. And of course, we noticed a pretty significant dislocation in our share price, Brent price correlation or at least the historical correlation. And we felt like that was selling at a large discount or intrinsic value. We felt that was a good opportunity and why not just go ahead and spend that increment during the second quarter. But the run rate, we expect to go to $750 million a quarter over the next two quarters and then we'll talk about 2020 and beyond what our plans are as far as distributions in November.
Phil Gresh: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Douglas Terreson: Good morning, everybody.
Donald Wallette: Good morning, Doug.
Douglas Terreson: Hi. So this is probably for Don, but consensus expectations are for declining returns on capital and production growth for most E&P companies next year, which appears to be unfavorably affecting valuation than share prices in E&P. And while you guys have differentiated yourselves with credible plans to sustain higher returns and grow shareholder distributions and you've delivered for several years. The message seems to be that lower spending in portfolio restructuring maybe the optimal way to preserve value and share prices, especially if the sector is maturing. So my question is that when you consider this theme, but also the quality of your investment opportunity set, does it change the way that you think about future capital management, especially given your historic emphasis on returns on capital and trying to increase them as well?
Donald Wallette: Well I don't think it changes our thinking. I think Doug, our strategy that we came out with in late 2016 was very much focused on capital discipline and a good balance between investing for growth and continued cash flow growth in the business as well as a high level of returns of capital back to the shareholders. So I think we've seen a good success on that strategy and it's one that we have a lot of conviction on going forward.
Douglas Terreson: Okay. Thank you, Don.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Mizuho Group. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Good morning, all. The decision to increase CapEx this quarter could presumably have been avoided if you were concerned about the optics of doing that. I just wondered why you couldn’t find a couple of hundred million dollars elsewhere, Matt and stick to budget. Thanks.
Matthew Fox: Yes. I mean, obviously, we did consider that, Paul, that the – but we really feel as if the scope, the original scope that we laid out for the assets was we should be delivering that and then these opportunities to sort of modestly increase the capital. We're going to be value adding on top of that. So we didn't feel as if just to stick to the capital program for the sake of doing that without recognizing the extra value that we could add here. We didn't think that would be appropriate. So we made the decision to do. I mean, it's a 3% increase in capital. It's not that significant, but it's – we believe that the both of those in Alaska and the Eagle Ford are something that the shareholder should want us to do.
Paul Sankey: Yes. I guess that's kind of the point, which is that it's such a minor amount. It's almost just – such a minor amount, but it's a relatively minor amount. I just thought that maybe the optics would have been better if you'd managed to stick with the number. That part of the reason for saying that is simply that you will running ahead of growth while you're running strongly on growth, which again would have suggested, maybe you could actually work towards pulling back a bit on spending. Is that a fair assessment?
Donald Wallette: Yes. Yes, definitely. I mean there's certainly, we're ahead of our growth schedule for the year because with a significant outperformance in the second quarter really driven by the big three. But for the full-year, we still feel as it was prudent for us to call the same long full-year outlook, as I said in my prepared remarks. So it was quite a significant amount of acceleration and then in the second quarter numbers. So although we appear to be heading and we appeared to be ahead of it. There's no real change for the full-year.
Paul Sankey: Understood. If I could ask just a quick one that you might not want to answer and then a bigger one. Firstly, is there any timing on Qatar, best guess? And secondly, where do you go from here on disposals after North Sea? Thanks a lot.
Donald Wallette: No. We don't really have anything new to add to the timing expectations for Qatar. This is clear that the Qatar gas is making progress on developing the project, but we don't really have any additional insights that we can offer on the timing of when they select partners at this time. In terms of dispositions, yes, we have the UK disposition to close and then that's proceeding well. We have a few smaller dispositions that are in the works around the portfolio. But if there's anything significant to report on that front, we'll do it when we have something to report.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alastair Syme from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alastair Syme: Hi, everybody. A couple of questions, in the past, I think both of you guys you had mentioned that Permian M&A doesn't really complete on a cost to supply basis versus the portfolio disinterested. If you're seeing any change in seller expectations, given the sort of the recent weakness in equity values? And then my follow-up give it to you now, but on Corridor, the Indonesian PSC, I think you've mentioned sort of in previous discussions that, it was probably going to be quite challenging to renew. So I want to what sort of changes have happened and how does that match up on the costs of supply? Thank you. 
Donald Wallette: Okay, Alastair, I think I will take the first question and then I'll pass onto Bill for the details on the Corridor PSC extension. So you're asking do we – if we seen a change in Permian seller expectations? We're not really in that market, asking sailors what the expectations are. And so obviously we're not seeing a change from that perspective. We still believe that there's a mismatch between, what people expect for their assets and what we can be competed as use of capital for our capital. And that may change over time. So that that's why we're focused on the sort of really relatively small, but very high value that vision to the portfolio and through acquisition that we announced over the past few months, so no significant change and expectations there. On Corridor, I think Bill?
W. L. Bullock: Sure. Hi, Alastair. It's Bill. I'm happy to discuss the Corridor extension. We were really pleased with the Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources announced that we'd been awarded a 20 year PSC for the Corridor Block and that we're going to be continuing our 45-year presence in Indonesia. That PSC is going to begin on December 2023 that's immediately following the expiry of existing PSC. We'll have a 46% working interest that's prior to a 10% dilution for local governments that's required by the government regulations. It is a new growth split PSC, term PSC and it's got a signature bonus of $115 million net to ConocoPhillips. And we expect we'd make that payment upon completion and definitive documentation. You also see that it's got a commitment of about a $100 million net framework commitment, but that's during the first five years a new PSC. So it really doesn't start until 2024. It is a robust low cost supply extension and we're pleased that we've been granted that.
Alastair Syme: Okay. Can I ask will be entitlement – net-net will be entitlement production be lower going forward versus what you have today?
W. L. Bullock: Sure. Then the production will be a bit lower. Obviously the working interest is down about 13% and then it's on gross split terms.
Alastair Syme: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys, good afternoon. Two question, one, maybe I think both of them should be met. In Permian, when – do you think that now, yes, the time or that do you have a time line when you would become more aggressive in pushing the activities there? And second that I think you make some comment about Austin Chalk. So is that at this point, based on what you see, we should significantly down scale the potential over their or the opportunities there?
Matthew Fox: Okay. Thanks Paul. Good to have you back on the call. We will be over time increasing our activity in the Permian as we move from the mode that we're in just now, which is essentially making sure that we're optimizing the well spacing and stacking and the order of which we tackle the various zones they exist within our Permian acreage. Once we've got that completely then we'll increase to more sustainable rig count there to build towards plateau. And we are going to talk in more detail about that in November for sure. So that you can understand the question, but we want if you that in the context of this overall work on optimizing the plateau. So more to come on that, but yes, you’re asking what we ultimately become more aggressive and our prepared development of our Permian resource position? Yes, we will.
Paul Cheng: I'm sorry, Matt. That means that, that’s not next year or that maybe it’s more like in the 2021 or 2022 before you become more aggressive on the manufacturing?
Matthew Fox: Yes, it will be a few years out before we get to the rig count that will ultimately take the plateau.
Paul Cheng: Okay.
Matthew Fox: On the Austin Chalk, yes, we've tested three of the four wells that we had to test the Austin Chalk play there. And it's just as we brought those wells on the petroleum system isn't working as effectively as we hoped it would. The chalk hasn’t dewatered to the extent that they are – this required to get high enough production rates. I mean unconventional wells produce higher water cuts and other plays, I mean the Delaware Basin for example. So that by itself is not a disqualifier. But here the water cut that we've seen it’s been a bet over 90%. The oil rates have been about a 100 barrels a day. It's just unlikely to be enough to justify a development and that part of the play. There are targets in the Wilcox and there are targets and the Tuscaloosa Marine shale. So the acreage is not condemned by that primary target and the Austin Chalk doesn't look encouraging just now.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Can I just sneak in a final real quick one? On the Eagle Ford for the second half of the year. So yes, your target is just being conservative that you are slowing down their activity from the second quarter level?.
Dominic Macklon: Hey, Paul. It’s Dominic here. I think basically what we've seen on Eagle Ford this year as an acceleration of wells online into the second quarter. So if I look at the total wells online count we expect this year, it's the same. So the character of the growth profile is basically being an acceleration of the ramp and then relatively flat for Eagle Ford for the remainder of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Brackett from Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Brackett: Thanks. A question on Alaska. I'm kind of curious around the timing of development or sort of pre-FID developments. Mentally we'd sort of thought about Willow being 2021 FID and then maybe Norwell and West Willow. Does that still make sense and where does Nuna fit into that development pipeline?
Michael Hatfield: Yes. Hi Bob. This is Michael Hatfield. Thanks for the questions. You're right. As far as the timing of Willow with the results that Matt was talking about from an exploration and appraisal perspective, we're very encouraged by that. We're actually sizing facilities now and expect to get to FID here in 2021. We do see first oil from Willow probably in the 2025, 2026 timeframe. Its roundabout the time that we had talked with you all about when you’re up in Alaska last year. At Nuna, just to provide a little bit of color on that, it's a discovered resource on 21,000 acres that's in our backyard. It's immediately adjacent to Cathartic. It's very low-cost of supply in the low-30s. It's $100 million that for 100 million barrels. It's something we're very pleased about. It'll be developed from pads, both that exist at Cathartic and a pad at Nuna where there's already gravel and a road to that pad in place. The remaining facilities at Nuna can be built in a single ice road season. So we'll have appraisal over the next couple of years and target first oil in the 2022 timeframe. The development, we'll be using existing drilling and completion technology and then the development itself will be incorporated as part of our Cathartic program, so it won't be incremental to that. So we're very excited about this low-cost of supply bolt-on acquisition.
Robert Brackett: Great. Thanks. And then what about the 2020 exploration program? What's the focus?
Michael Hatfield: Yes, we're actually putting the plans together for that now. We're going to be drilling in Willow and the primary focus is on understanding the extent of Willow so that we can fully size the facilities. We're also going to be drilling a prospect to the Southwest, called Harpoon. We'll drill several wells in Harpoon. At least that's the current plans. We'll talk to you more about that in November.
Robert Brackett: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Devin McDermott from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Devin McDermott: Good morning. So my first question, I wanted to ask about some of the opportunistic bolt-on acquisitions and specifically on Argentina. Just the opportunity set that you see there are longer term and how that fits into the strategy and perhaps from a cost of supply or return standpoint, how it competes with other shale on your portfolio?
Michael Hatfield: Yes. I'll take that Dave. And this is Matt. Yes, so we've picked up this about 25,000-acre position in the Vaca Muerta. The shale is very like the Eagle Ford, but it has some characteristics of the Permian and there are multiple stack piece within there. It’s in the oil lag and it looks to be in a very good geography. There could be north of five layers within the play across this acreage. Our expectations on a success with success pieces here would be certainly north of 0.5 billion barrels of potential on the acreage we've picked up. So we see the Vaca Muerta as probably the best international play, the best unconventional play outside North. America. And this represented a really good low cost of supply entry into the basin for us. There aren't any significant work commitments that are work commitments, but they're not significant and we'll be able to manage them within our exploration budget over the next several years.
Devin McDermott: Got it. That's helpful. And my second question is on Alaska. You mentioned in the prepared remarks some issues at one of the wells on the GMT develop. I just wondering if you could quantify the impact a bit more, what you're seeing there and then talk about whether there's an opportunity to remediate that or offset that either later this year or maybe a down the road in 2020 or beyond?
Michael Hatfield: Yes, Devin, this is Michael. We've had underperformance at GMT 1. The development was brought online last year and ramped up to the plateau rate. It's a smaller development there's only four producers that are in this development. So any one producer that underperforms ends up significantly impacting the overall development. And that's been the case here. I should mention that despite this underperformance, with the capital reductions that we had while we were executing the project, we actually deliver the project for what we had expected in terms of costs of supply. We don't see remediating this at this point, but we are continuing with our GMT 2 plans where we've taken the learnings from GMT 1 and applied those to this different reservoir at GMT 2.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold: Yes. Thanks on Canada, Matt, you talked about obviously using the alternative diluent and it was going to improve the netbacks going forward? Can you kind of quantify what that means in terms of how much incremental income or revenue you'll see from that?
Michael Hatfield: This is Michael, again. With the diluent project we would – so it'll depend on the season. But in general as we think about a year-on-year improvement, it would be say $1 to $2 a barrel or so. When we look at the total improvement from a blend ratio perspective, we'll be reducing about – actually improving about 35% from a total blend perspective and that's upward of a couple of dollars a barrel.
Matthew Fox: One of the big advantages there, Scott, is the flexibility because as Michael was saying it could be $1 or $2? Could be quite a bit more than that sometimes because the market moves, the price of condensate versus the price with some fair takes the value of the double bit versus the value of a synbit. And we have the flexibility here to run all synthetic, all condensate, some blend of the two and we can batch it as well. So this will be perhaps the only plant that the – with a truly active optionality and the what we choose to blend with the veterinarian and that's going to unlock a lot of value over time.
Scott Hanold: Okay. Thanks. That's great color. And then one really quick one. I think last quarter, you talked about having some excess gas firm in the Permian region. Were you all able to take advantage of some of the weak pricing and be able to monetize that this quarter? And can you give us a sense of like how much capacity you've got there and any kind of terms you have out there?
Donald Wallette: Yes, Scott. This is Don. Yes, some of the things you're asking are fairly commercially, so probably can't give you a whole lot on that. I would just maybe say that our offtake out of the Permian is multiples of what our equity production requires. And yes, we continued to be able to take advantage commercially of the low Waha prices. I think they averaged in the second quarter minus $0.01. And so we do purchase in the Permian. We take it to a points west and capture a margin on that. Second quarter was probably wasn't quite is active for us is the first quarter. But that's going to continue until some of the new pipelines like Gulf Coast Express and others come on later this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for taking the question. One more following up on the previous one regarding the gas situation, what's the latest that you're seeing as it relates to flaring, particularly in the Permian given some of the capacity constraints?
Dominic Macklon: Well, yes, so this is – Dominic here. Thanks for the question. I think in terms of our own situation, we don't have a particular problem because we have very good offtake as Don just talked about. I think there's really a question of when this new gas export capacity is going to come on and we see that as Don said, there's some significant pipelines coming on the end of this year and we see quite a lot coming thereafter. So I think this is something that is going to get resolved in pretty short order.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. And I'm sorry if you addressed this earlier, but income tax in Q2, 22%, the lowest, I think in about eight quarters. Were there any special moving parts that explain why it was so low?
Donald Wallette: Yes. Pavel, this is Don. Yes. Our reported effective tax rate was 22% during the quarter. So we did have a number of special items. And so we provide in our supplemental information, our reported ATRs as well as our adjusted – and so I think you saw our adjusted ATRs was about 40%, which is typically where we are or would expect to be. So the difference between those two are going to be the special items where we either pay no tax on those items or we're paying very low tax. And so those get – that's what drives down the reported ATR. So in the quarter for example, we had a pretty large tax benefit associated with our UK sale and of course being a tax benefit, it has no tax on it. So that's a zero tax rate. We had something similar on the sunrise disposition. And then you look at the earnings that we get from our equity affiliates, now the taxes on equity affiliates are paid at the equity affiliate level. So that it won't get reported in our corporate level. So those earnings are effectively zero from effective tax rate standpoint. So in the quarter we had a large number of special items with that either no tax or low tax type treatment.
Ellen DeSanctis: Sanera, this is Ellen. It sounds like we're out of questions. 
Operator: Correct. We have no further questions at this time.
Ellen DeSanctis: Okay everybody. Well, thank you very much for joining us today and by all means, if you have any follow-up questions after the call, feel free to reach out to us. Thank you for your ongoing interest in ConocoPhillips.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2019 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Senior Vice President, Corporate Relations. You may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Christine. Hello, everyone and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Joining me today from ConocoPhillips are Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Matt Fox, our EVP and Chief Operating Officer; and Don Wallette, EVP and Chief Financial Officer. Also, we're pleased today to have our three region President’s on the call. They are Bill Bullock, Bill is the President of our Asia Pacific/Middle East region; Michael Hatfield is the President of our Alaska, Canada and Europe region; and Dominic Macklon is the President of our Lower 48 region. A couple of quick administrative notes, before I turn the call over to Ryan. Our cautionary statement is shown on Page 2 of our presentation. We will make some forward-looking statements during today's call that refer to estimates or plans. Actual results could differ due to the factors described on this slide as well as in our periodic filings with the SEC. We'll also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today and that's to help facilitate comparisons across periods and to facilitate comparisons with our peers. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release or on our website. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Ellen, and welcome, everyone, to today's call. My opening comments will be brief. I'll summarize our 1Q results, then address some ConocoPhillips specific issues we are hearing from the market, which I'll take head on. First, our one quarter results shown on Slide 4. The punch line of this slide is essentially the same as the many quarterly slides before. We are successfully executing our plan. There's a lot of supplemental information in today's disclosures, so I won't cover every dot point on this slide, but I'll pick up some of the highlights across the page. Earnings and cash flow were strong. We generated significant free cash flow that organically funded shareholder distributions of 37% of our CFO in excess of our target. We met or exceeded operational targets, underlying production grew year-on-year by 5% on an absolute basis, and 13% on a per debt adjusted share basis. The business is running safely and efficiently. We received the ICSID ruling ordering Venezuela to pay $8.7 billion for unlawful expropriation of our assets. We recently announced completion or agreements of non-core assets sales, all part of building the best portfolio for winning our through-cycle return strategy. We've summarized our first quarter results at the bottom of these columns; expand cash flows, maintain discipline, improve returns. That's the mantra. Our cash flow reference point has improved at $65 WTI and current differentials our cash flow reference point is now about $13 billion. That's more than $2 billion improvement over the past two years driven by our Brent-weighted pricing, our ongoing portfolio work and our focus on margin expansion. While prices have been stronger lately, our guidance items are unchanged. As we said last quarter, we expect capital to be front-end loaded this year. Production is expected to be back-end loaded as return on our unconventionals ramp and we come out of our usual 2Q and 3Q turnarounds. As for improving return on capital employed, our ROCE ticked up on a rolling four quarter basis. Underneath all the current noise and energy, we believe the way our industry will bring investors back to our sectors to perform quarter-in and quarter-out. No excuses. Put up the numbers, improve returns, grow cash flows, and distribute a significant portion to shareholders. That's our job one period. Now to Slide 5, our value proposition on the page. Our priorities shown on the left haven't changed since we rolled them out in 2016 and we didn't have no intention of changing them now. On the right side of the slide are just some topical issues, starting with our future capital trajectory. As you know, we're hosting an Analyst and Investor Meeting in November. At a high-level, here's what you can expect to see. First of all, we intend to show a decade long plan that extends the successful new order plan that we rolled out a few years ago. That plan worked and we're going to show you how it will continue to work for many years. Second, our annual capital expenditures averaging under $7 billion. The plan can achieve steady organic growth on an absolute and a per share basis with the captured opportunities in the portfolio today. Why can we maintain this capital discipline? Because we have numerous options at our discretion for exercising flexibility, for example, how we choose to phase projects where we have control on timing and whether or not we choose to reduce ownership and projects where we currently hold a high working interest. These are details we expect to layout in November. But our plan isn't about capital discipline for capital discipline sake. It's about generating free cash flow, deploying that free cash flow in a prudent shareholder friendly manner and growing returns. In November, you'll see a plan that can generate free cash flow less than $40 per barrel WTI throughout the plan period and at a reference price of $50 per barrel. The plan continues to return at least 30% of our cash from operations to our shareholders. For almost three years, we've done our mission to bring investors back to this sector, but not just for a quarter or two. We want to bring investors back the energy for many years to come. Our strategy gives investors a clear path to compelling value creation. It's not anchored to a production target and it does not bet on higher prices. So that frames up what you'll see from us in November. We'll maintain capital discipline. We'll fund the best combination of projects to maximize shareholder value and honor our priorities well into the next decade. Now in the meantime, 2019 continues to be volatile, an environment in which ConocoPhillips thrives. That's what we were describing with a two lower boxes of this slide. We have significant leverage to higher prices. Our production base is 75% Brent waited. Our operations are primarily in tax and royalty regimes and were unhedged. We don't chase higher prices and with procyclical investments and we'll build cash for inevitable price downturns. And in that part of the cycle, we offered distinctive resilience. We generate free cash flow at less than $40 a barrel WTI. Our balance sheet gives us flexibility to maintain consistent programs and we have a 16 billion barrel resource space that average is less than $30 a barrel costs of supply. Just a few months ago, I remind you, WTI dipped into the low 40s per barrel and we didn't miss a beat. If you just look at our performance over the past few quarters, you can see our resilience and our torque inaction. So in case, people have forgotten how well we work across prices? That's the reminder. We’re actually built for price cycles. Finally, it's not on the slide, but I'm going to take another issue had on and that’s M&A. As you've heard from me many times, we think of M&A in three buckets. First incremental fence line transactions that add value such as additional working interest, royalty interest or coring up our acreage. We're going to do these things, under the radar day in, day out. The second bucket consists of high return bolt-on assets or acreage deals and they could be larger in size. They also make good sense. We're always on the lookout for these kinds of opportunities and we executed a few last year. But I'm sure the bucket people seem focused on now is the third one, bigger, corporate transactions that required premiums. Of course we pay attention to what's out there. However, we've always said the bar is very high for these large transactions and that's still the case. We're focused on returns and we won't do transactions that are not in our shareholders' best interests. So let me summarize my comments. The business is running well. Execution is strong. No one needs to be worried about capital sticker shock in November. You can expect to see a decade long plan that honors the successful value proposition that we believe is ideally suited for our sector. Our strategy works across a range of prices and through cycles with strong upside to higher prices and distinctive resilience to lower prices. We have the short-term covered and we have a long-term covered and the bar is high for corporate transactions. That's all I wanted to say today and we'll be quick and now turn it over to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: Hey, good afternoon, and thanks for all that color Ryan. That was very helpful. A couple of follow-up questions here, one is just on the capital budget that you're talking about of $7 billion or less for the existing portfolio. You gave a little bit of color there, but if you could elaborate, does the existing portfolio include a Willow and Barrosa and other things that are likely on the docket in the next, call it three to five years and if you could help us think through where the efficiencies come from to be able to maintain a sub $7 billion number? Thanks.
Matthew Fox: Yes. Phil, this is Matt here. Yes, the budget and the long-range plan reflect our plans for all of the assets including the ones that you mentioned. We have the flexibility to fund those projects in multiple different ways, frankly, but we have – we can certainly do all of that within the average of less than $7 billion and we can do that comfortably and we're going to rollout in more detail in November.
Phil Gresh: Okay, great. And then the second question, yes, as we look ahead later this year and into next year, you take the proceeds from the North Sea factored in this Cenovus shares that you own, the net debt position is getting very close to zero. I think if you just use the strip looking out. So yes, I think the target has been $15 billion gross debt and certainly not this much cash. So maybe you could help us think through uses of cash moving forward, what would it take to increase the buyback considering the comments that were just made on M&A?
Donald Wallette: Yes. Phil, this is Don. I think it's probably useful to remind that currently we're sitting at about $6.5 billion of cash. And as you say, depending on how prices go, that could move up just organically as we go through the year. Certainly, we're expecting closing the UK transactions, so cash balances could start to approach pretty high levels and we kind of think of somewhere in the 10% of total assets and you need to be pretty clear about your strategic rationale. And I think that we have been. We view the balance sheet in general and cash balances in particular is strategic assets in a source of competitive advantage. In our strategy, we’ve clear about is to be competitive with the best capital returners in our industry and importantly to be able to continue funding buybacks and maintaining our development programs while prices are falling. So we're okay carrying more cash than the average E&P Company. I don't think that we'd be comfortable taking net debt down to zero. So if you want to put a limit, it's going to be above that. But we also think there'd be in position to be able to be opportunistic, particularly when prices are low and competition is weak, it is something that we also play strategic value on. But I think if our cash continues to build as we approached the end of the year, of course we've got our Analyst Day set for November and you'll see more definition around our capital allocation thoughts at that time.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Thanks Don.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Douglas Terreson: Hi, everybody.
Ryan Lance: Hello, Doug.
Douglas Terreson: Ryan, during the past year or so, every major E&P peer has changed direction and has emphasized value creation and balance between spending and distributions, which is really the model the ConocoPhillips has been espousing with success is 2016. So my question is with the value-based model becoming more the industry norm, number one, does this affect your ability to differentiate yourself in the future that is if you think some of these E&P peers can execute your model? And number two on strategic activity, what are the financial metrics that you all consider to be most important? I know what period of time would you need to see value creation before moving forward if you did find something that was attractive?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Doug. I think – this value proposition is kind of easy to say, but it's difficult to do. And I think why we're able to do it and I think differentiate ourselves from our competitors. It starts with the portfolio and the low cost is fly sitting in the portfolio, the base decline that the portfolio has the type of assets we have when you consider our long dated, no decline, low sustaining capital to kind of assets like LNG at oil sands combined with what we believe is an unmatched, unconventional portfolio across all the basins in the Lower 48. So you put all that together and we're running it to generate free cash flow and we've gotten the cost structure of the company down to where we can free cash flow and below $40 a barrel and I don't think other companies can do that. Did I have to grow into that or they have to much higher prices to go do that. So and we just don't believe these kinds of prices are going to persist. We think there's going to be volatility, which is why we carried cash on the balance sheet and remind people in December it was $42 a barrel WTI at the low point. So we just think the way we've set up the company the portfolio, the way we're managing the company, we were allocating capital in the way we are focused on returns in the business, full cycle returns, not just forward-looking returns, but full cycle returns to our kind of cost of supply Mantra. That's why it's going to be difficult for people to be able to do what we're doing it to kind of price decks that we've demonstrated that we can do that. To your second question, Doug, on the strategic activities. We tried to get that add on the larger corporate transactions. It's about cost of supply and it's about opportunities that can come in the portfolio at a competitive cost of supply. And that's a pretty big hurdle with the kinds of premiums that are being paid for assets today. And we don't really have a timeframe that we look at its short, medium, and long-term. We've got to convince ourself that it's in the best interest of the shareholder long-term that it's a creative in the short-term and it's competitive for capital on an all in full cycle basis relative to our 16 billion barrel portfolio that’s captured in the hand right today. So it remains a really high hurdle. Anybody can lever up their balance sheet and do a free cash flow yield positive kind of play today. That’s you need to do full cycle returns are tough.
Douglas Terreson: Thanks Ryan. Those are good answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes, thank you. Good morning.
Ryan Lance: Hi, Roger.
Roger Read: I guess Ryan, maybe just to come at the CapEx question kind of another way of thinking about it. So first off, should we think about that including all forms of spinning all forms of M&A including the three listed there and is another component of that question. Would asset sales be part of funding CapEx. In other words ask CapEx in a given year could well exceed $7 billion if it's being funded by an asset sale of kind of like the UK deal here where you've got $2.3 billion. So just kind of want to understand maybe the bumpers on the $7 billion or below $7 billion average?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Let me, I'll let Matt telling, so I'm in there Roger. But we the bucket one CapEx line fighting CapEx. Did we give the guys we just do that year-in, year-out. That's just a part of our normal operating business. But I can let Matt probably elaborate on whether you sell proceeds.
Matthew Fox: Yes, Roger, I would say that we haven't included any assumptions about buying any significant asset transactions in the long range plan. So if we have to do that that would be additive to the $7 billion. So we really what we've done as we've designed the plan around the existing portfolio. And so we're not assuming any additional transactions when we do that. In terms of the - we fund our capitals through this positions, we don't think of it quite that way. We see the $7 billion or below $7 billion average has been funded out of cash flow. Then maybe do some additional dispositions we mean over the coming years. But that's not how we think about funding every one funded from cash flow.
Roger Read: Okay. Thanks on that. And then Ryan, maybe another question along the lines of the CapEx, you have been obviously pretty, pretty solid and pretty consistent on the asset disposition side as we think about the $7 billion in spending, I presume part of this is transitioning into the new projects that I think Phil listed earlier. But also it's as you hive off other things, it's not the production has to grow at some exceptional ray. And I assume that's one of the reasons you can keep CapEx more modest. It's what metrics should we think about? Is it the debt adjusted cash flow? Is it just a per unit cash margin that you're able to grow, maybe just a little bit of a framework of how to think about a company that CapEx is relatively stable, but ultimately you're trying to grow returns and grow cash flow here?
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think you're right. Well, you're right, Roger. As I said in my comments, we’re not chasing a production target or something like that. We're chasing returns and we look at the metrics debt adjusted cash flow per share is we think the right way to be thinking about the business. We're not – as Matt said, we will do dispositions when they make sense, when they aren't competitive in the portfolio for future investments, like in the UK example, we have a large animal liability and asset retirement obligation that we're dealing with that particular outset. We'll do those things if they make sense and smart. But like Matt said, we're good. The plan that we'll show you in November in great detail will be organically grown the company with the portfolio that we have today. But you shouldn't think about, we will make adjustments to the portfolio over time. Well as things need to leave the portfolio and things need to come into the portfolio.
Roger Read: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Good afternoon team and congrats on a good quarter here. I want to pivot over to the asset level and I want to start on Qatar. We're still awaiting the RFP on Northfield, just the latest there in terms of timing and then, temperature from you guys and in terms of interest in that asset.
Matthew Fox: Hi, Neil. It’s Matt. Yes, moving a little bit slower than we originally anticipated and we now expect to receive their RFP around the middle of the year and we think that's going to include a request for proposals to as to where we would please to LNG volumes and we suspect some elements of the fiscal regime. We expect guitars going to say don't participants in the fourth quarter. And the plan is to take at IV before the end of the year. And we think we're well positioned to compete. But in the meanwhile, I mean, we've used the candies and the Qatar Gas and Qatar Petroleum, the project's progressing through feet. They're also progressing. They're off shore, on shore and shipping construction contracts and they're on track for first gas in 2024. So if we were offered the opportunity to participate and we think is a good use of the shareholder's capital will be very happy.
Neil Mehta: Great. Just a follow-up question is in the Lower 48. Can you talk a little bit about the cadence of growth in 2019? It looks a little bit more back half loaded. I just want to better understand the drivers there and just have you think about the incremental dollar, whether to allocate it to the Bakken and Eagle Ford versus the Permian. You guys have been smart to weigh on the Permian just given some of the differential issues, but as that narrows, does it make it a more compelling place to put the dollar.
Dominic Macklon: Thanks, Neil. It’s Dominic here? Yes. So we said at our last call, just to talk to the big three growth trajectory. We said in our last call, really after outperforming in 2018 with 37% growth. The trajectory of the big three would be relatively flat for the first half of this year, and then growth ramping in the second half. So we're still on that track. First quarter production was actually very much in line with our expectations. And as we've explained previously that, the primary driver for that lumpiness in the growth profile is the timing of multi well pads coming online and how those sync up across the different assets. And actually Q1 is a good example of that. So over half of our new wells were brought online towards the end of the quarter during March, and if we had record rates in the last week of March, Eagle Ford and Delaware. So we’re coming into Q2 pretty strong. We did have some minor production impacts in Q1 from extended winter weather Bakken and some gas injection phases that are enhanced all the recovery pilots at Eagle Ford. But the important point is Q1 was very much in line with our expectations and we do remain confident by execution of our plan and delivering our big three production guidance of $350 million and full-year growth of 19%. On your second question, we're always looking at where the next best door would be. Our team’s fight pretty hard over that, but the fact is we've got good opportunities at the Bakken, Eagle Ford and Delaware and we'll talk more about our long-term view on that in November.
Neil Mehta: All right. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Douglas Leggate: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. I wonder if I could start with a kind of a housekeeping question in the UK. I don't know if Don will be prepared to give these numbers, but the sale is by date, it’s 1-1-2018. So I'm just wondering if you could give us an idea of what you expect the net proceeds to be. I realized the timing is still a little bit influx or maybe a better way to ask that is what the associated cash flow was in 2018 and year-to-date?
Donald Wallette: Yes. Doug, I think I can help you on that. Maybe first with a bit of an explanation for why the 1-1-2018 effective date, because it can appear a little bit unusual, but just to remind you, we began marketing those assets during 2018 and so the beginning of the year was selected as the valuation point. And then as the marketing extended into 2019, it was the various parties, counterparties that we were dealing with, it was their preference that we maintain the 1-1-2018 effective date mainly for financing reasons because lenders typically require audit and financial statements in the periods immediately preceding the effective date and those would not have been available. And we moved the date to 1-1-2019 until mid-year and we didn't want to hold up the transaction for that reason. So as you would guess, the UK has been a net cash flow positive since that 1-1-2018 date and so there will be a downward price adjustment at closing. Now I can give you an estimate and it's kind of based on end of year closing and kind of current prices. So if the timing changes or pricing cash flows from this point forward changed and obviously those estimates would change, but we think that adjustment will be negative around $600 million. So taking that off the headline price, we would expect cash proceeds at closing at the end of the year under current conditions. I've got enough disclaimers in there, would be something around $2.1 billion to $2.2 billion.
Douglas Leggate: That’s really helpful. Thanks, Don. I wasn't sure if you give me an answer, but I’d say thank you. My second – my follow-up question, it's really, Ryan, I hate to do this, but it's kind of more of a philosophical question. See if I can ramble through this without tripping myself up. But you've obviously set a very, very high bar for the industry with a very transparent strategy and a very transparent, the downside I guess, that's a very transparent valuation, which is the DCF of your free cash flow, if you want to put it that way in simple terms. Buying back your shares doesn't changed our valuation, reinvest in capital value projects or whatever, which we're all looking for capital discipline I guess. But buying back stock is not really out route to enhancing your valuation, I guess is what I'm saying. So when I think about the ConocoPhillips investment case today, I think about – our management has taken a great set of assets and high graded that and basically transformed the business model. Why is putting good assets in the hands of good managements with our balance sheets strong as yours, not a catalyst for you to be more aggressive in this part in the cycle?
Ryan Lance: Well, yes, I think it’s a good construct Doug. I think we have transformed the company and I think we've put out a value proposition that is – we think is the right one for a cyclical mature market like this that gives money back to the shareholders and prudently invest your money to improve your free cash flow, the discounted value of the free cash flow that you're generating. We think that's the right model to be taken. What does that mean for M&A and consolidation and putting more assets under our management and under this kind of value proposition? I think there's some of these about that and we look at them, we look at everything that's going on. It's tough to compete inside the portfolio. When you put a premium on that we see that we've been doing or that the market has been putting on these assets, it adds $10 to $15 constant supply to the all in returns and if you're focused on all in returns and you're sitting with a portfolio that's got 30 years of life and there's three ConocoPhillips is sitting inside our resource space, it's just a very high bar to jump over. Maybe there'll be a deal come along. Maybe something will make sense down the road. We've got the balance sheet, we've got the capability, we've got the ability to go do something. But we're not going to do something that's not in the best interest of our shareholder and consistent with the value proposition that we think is the right one for this business.
Douglas Leggate: Ryan, I know if taking my time here, but can I just add the comment to just because what I am really getting is you’re setting off an enormous amount of free cash? Is there a risk if you don't do something that someone will see your cash flow as attractive?
Ryan Lance: Well, I mean…
Douglas Leggate: In other words, you become an acquisition…
Ryan Lance: The best defense is a good offense. We're executing our plan and we think it's the right plan to go forward. I can't comment on what others might be thinking of our plan.
Douglas Leggate: Appreciate, taking the question. Thanks Ryan. I know that was not an easy one.
Ryan Lance: Thanks Doug. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Simmons Energy. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Hey folks, good afternoon. I understand, we'll probably going to get a lot more detail at the Analyst Day in November, but just on the CapEx piece, obviously a decade, the long period of time and a lot can change. Historically, we've seen some inflationary trends move up and down and I'm just wondering how you're thinking about the inflationary environment and how that could impact a commitment for such a long period of time.
Matthew Fox: Hi, Blake. This is Matt. So we build our plan around the base case pricing deck this $50 WTI and we've including the level of escalation that we would expect to be associated with that. And if we see much higher prices then we would expect to see some more escalation. And then typically that shows up initially in the Lower 48 and then elsewhere. But the $7 billion average below that is based on a $50 WTI outlook.
Blake Fernandez: Got it. Okay. The second piece Don this maybe for you, but just on Venezuela. Obviously we've got a couple of different components now. Can you just give us an update on your thoughts on receiving payments and how a potential regime change could impact that just any help on the way to think about I guess the payments.
Donald Wallette: Hi, Blake. Well, I guess, first of all, probably worth noting that database so continues to fully comply with the settlement agreement that we entered into last year. We received the first quarter scheduled payment and that was after the latest round of U.S. sanctions hadn't been announced. So they're fully complying. We also during the quarter completed the sale of the crude oil inventories that we had in the Dutch Caribbean. So I think that was between the inventory sales and the scheduled payment. I think we've booked around close to $150 million there. We're in constant communication with data base, so they continue to tell us that their intention is to continue with their obligations and so that's our expectation. Regardless of the situation in Venezuela our expectations are unchanged. Our agreement is with database, VX that award is against the Republic of Venezuela and we expect to collect what is owed to us.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alastair Syme of Citi. Please go ahead.
Alastair Syme: Hello. Maybe this first questions from Matt. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the LNG market as you look to place the contracts with Barossa and potentially Qatar. I guess specifically on Barossa, is there a time table that you have in mind to get the marketing completed? And do you think they said the oil linked is the right pricing construct?
Donald Wallette: Hi, Alastair. This is Don. Maybe I'll take the LNG marketing side of the question. I mean as far as Barossa, our intention is to go to FID, latest year or maybe early next year. And so typically when we look back over 50 year history of LNG projects, we would almost always go into these investment decisions with most if not all of the LNG committed, fully committed, termed out multi-year contracts, long-term contracts. The LNG market is changed a lot over recent years, and Barossa were not constructed in LNG plant. We're backfilling an existing one. So it's really an offshore development project, not the same nature of the typical LNG. So when you think about the nature of that project and the development, the rapid development of the spot market, which is quite liquid today compared to where it was, even a few years ago. We don't feel compelled to have to place all of LNG under long-term contracts. That's an option that we can choose to do. And we are marketing the LNG today. On that basis, we'd be happy to do it. But if we don't get the price that we expect, then we're willing to go into the project without all or a majority of the LNG committed in the long-term. Right now the spot market is very soft in Asia. But that's not to be unexpected given the type of year that it is. Maybe Bill would like to – I will turn it over to Bill to give you an update on where we are on the project on Barossa.
W. L. Bullock: Sure, Don. I'd be happy to. Alastair, we're making really good progress on Barossa. As Don mentioned it's a subsea development tied back into an FPSO with the gas going to the existing DLNG plant. Front engineering and design is progressing very, very well. We're a little over midway through that process and a couple of key points on that are offshore project proposal. That's the Australian regulatory overarching environmental approval by NOPSEMA. That's a national offshore petroleum safety, environmental authorities was approved in 2018. So we have our overarching environmental approval and all the major packages are out for the project, for tender. So we're on schedule with feed. We expect, as Don said to be in a position to take FID by latter part of the year and a Barossa from a cost of supply perspective we believe continues to be very well placed with an attractive cost of supply for LNG into Asia and competitive with the market that Don has talked about.
Alastair Syme: Thank you. The best color. The second question, I just wonder if you could elaborate a little bit more than the UK assets sail around the issue of abandoned with liabilities that I mentioned on the call. Probably just to be clear as they go into the buy in their entirety or the some residuals that you'll inherit?
Donald Wallette: Alastair, this is Don again. All of our asset retirement obligations are being transferred to the buyer in full. We're not – there's no residual that remains with ConocoPhillips and as far as the quantum there, we have on our books – we have $2 billion of ARO liability that will be coming off. And let me, while we're on the UK again, we might not circle back to it. I did want to speak to one aspect that wasn't addressed in our original release when we notified the market about our pending sale there. And that's the tax efficiency. This is an extremely tax efficient transaction. We don't expect any UK taxes at all. And on the U.S. side, even though we're going to generate a very large financial gain at closing on this sale. We're also generating a very large U.S. capital loss and we're going to be able to take that loss and apply it back to the San Juan transaction, for example, which was in 2017 and we're going to be able to offset the capital gain that we had on that transaction. We will be able to carry forward those tax losses to any future applicable sale that we have for the next five years as well. So what you'll see in the second quarter is that we're going to generate earnings related to these tax benefits of about $200 million.
Alastair Syme: Thank you very much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Hall of Heikkinen Energy. Please go ahead.
Michael Hall: Thanks. Congrats on a good quarter. Yes, I guess wanted to get a little bit more into the commentary on absolute growth in the 10-year plan. How should we think about that in terms of the components of that? How much of that would be volume growth relative to kind of cost improvements that are driving cash flow growth? And just any additional granularity on that would be appreciated.
Matthew Fox: Hi, Michael. This is Matt. So the plan delivers production and cash flow growth similar to what we've had over the last few years. But we left out the release really because we're not – these investment decisions are not driven by production growth, driven by capital returns and returning capital to shareholders and that isn't changing. But what you should expect to see in November is consistent absolute growth and very healthy growth on a cash flow per adjusted shared basis.
Michael Hall: Okay. Understood. That makes sense. Yes, and I was just curious on the turnaround in the second quarter, if you could maybe break those down in terms of how much is off, where and how we should think about those coming back over the course of the remaining quarters of the year?
Matthew Fox: Yes, I'll take that one as well. Michael, actually 2019 is quite a big year for turnarounds. We had a big turnaround in Qatar in the first quarter, so unusual to do them so early in the Qatar, and that was about 15,000 barrels per day on the quarter in Qatar alone. We'll get the first large scale turnaround of the Surmont 2 facility. First of all, we've done some Surmont 2 production and that started last week and that likely we're doing for about 45 days. So that's a significant amount that will effect the second quarter. We also have a tri-annual turnaround going on the Ekofisk and Block G in Europe this year. And there's a large-scale turnaround at [indiscernible] so we pull those together, the turnaround activity that gives actually about 10,000 barrels a day more than it was last year. So it was a big year. So hopefully that's enough color on the turnarounds.
Michael Hall: Okay. That’s helpful. And will most all of those would be back online for third quarter as we think about…
Matthew Fox: Well, that will be – it'll be during the second and third quarter and that will be back on again by the fourth quarter. And that's one of the reasons along with what Dominic described as the trajectory in the Lower 48 production. That's one of the reasons that our production is back-end loaded this year.
Michael Hall: Understood. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. Good afternoon. You all received the distribution this quarter from APLNG. Could you talk about at the current prices what to expect for the rest of the year. And where those distributions coming from the upstream versus say the downstream part of the business?
Donald Wallette: Scott, this is Don. We received in the first quarter I think $73 million distribution from APLNG. And that's really prior to this year or this quarter. We had been receiving distributions only in the second and fourth quarters. I think now APLNG is most likely in a position to be paying quarterly dividends, but I need to let you know that those – you should not expect those to be ratable. And the reason for that is we have a kind of lumpy income tax payments that happen in the first and third quarter in project financing payments that are also lumpy. So what you'll see our first and third quarter distributions that are relatively light and second and fourth quarter distributions that are relatively heavy. At current prices, we would expect APLNG distributions for 2019 to range somewhere between $550 million and $600 million.
Scott Hanold: That’s excellent, great. Thanks. And in my follow-up is on the Permian Basin. With Conoco and be grown in there a little bit more in the back half of the year in the, presumably over the next few years. Could you give us some color on, what your infrastructure situation, there's like, and what kind of contracts do you have with, with your oil and gas, and places I've seen, it's pretty tight, especially in gas right now. And just curious if you signed up for some long-term takeaway agreements all side of the basin for oil?
Donald Wallette: Yes. This is Don again. On the oil currently we're selling all of our oil conventional, unconventional, a right into the local markets there. So we don't really have any significant takeaway capacity. We have participated in some of open seasons that that took place last year, projects under construction this year. So as time goes on, probably beginning in the third or fourth quarter of this year, we'll begin exporting a Permian crude oil to the Gulf and we have options to expand our capacity rights on these pipelines. So I think our situation will improve over time. That's what we would expect. On the Gas side, it's a little bit different because I've talked about this a little bit before, but, we currently produce about 100 million cubic feet a day and the Permian and we have a lot more takeaway capacity than that out of the Permian by virtue of our guests marketing arrangements. We're one of the larger gas marketers in the Southwest area from Texas to California and to Mexico. And so we have a lot of firm takeaway, long-term firm takeaway capacity allows us to move not only our equity gas, the third-party gas outside of the basin. So we're not seeing the same levels of pressure. We're generally, I'd say in the first quarter of most of our gas was sold into Arizona and California market. So we didn't see why I type pricing. On the other hand – other side of that on the gas marketing side, we did benefit a good bit from Wahaca pricing as we were in the market some days with producers paying us, as much as $6 or $7 Mcf.
Scott Hanold: All right. Great color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Muhammed Ghulam of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Muhammed Ghulam: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just a quick one on my side. After the sale of the recent UK assets. The company’s do you guys still have for no reason assets? Should we look at the UK sale as a partial step to a full exit from North Sea?
Ryan Lance: No. 
Muhammed Ghulam: Okay. That's clear. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Ellen DeSanctis, Senior Vice President, Corporate Relations for closing remarks.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Christine, and thank you to all of our participants today. We certainly appreciate your interest in ConocoPhillips. We're available for any additional questions and have a great rest of the week. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2018 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Paulette, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Paulette, and thanks to our listeners for joining us today. Our speakers will be Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Don Wallette, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Matt Fox, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Ryan will deliver some brief remarks, and then today we're going to go straight to Q&A to make time for your questions. Our cautionary statements is shown on page 2 of today's presentation materials. We will make some forward-looking statements during today's call that refer to future estimates and plans. Actual results could differ due to the factors described on this page and in our periodic SEC filings. And then finally, we'll refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today, and that's to facilitate comparisons across periods and with our peers. We provided reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure in our press release this morning, and also on our website. And now, I'll turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thanks Ellen, and welcome everyone to today's call. In a moment, I will recap our 2018 highlights, but before I do, I'll first want to put those results, and in fact our results of 2017 in context. We're on a path to manage this company for the business we're in, one that's mature, capital intensive and cyclical. We've embraced this view of the business with a value proposition that we believe should be the new order for E&P companies.  Now what do we mean by the new order? We mean a value proposition that repeats our returns and doesn't change cycles up or down. The market has clearly spoken that it expects behaviors in this business to change and we've led the E&P industry in an approach that can, and we believe, will attract investors back to the sector. Our value proposition now more than two years old, is fundamentally structured to offer this. Over this period, we've driven our sustaining price lower and made our balance sheet stronger. We've simultaneously grown our resource base, while lowering its overall cost of supply.  We've achieved competitive per share growth, not chasing absolutely growth and we returned a distinctive payout of cash flows to shareholders, kept our costs in check and generated among the most competitive financing returns in the business. We're encouraged that our value proposition is clearly resonating with the margin. For us the value proposition is a mindset and a commitment that began in late '16, worked in 2017 and worked again in 2018. So with that, let me summarize our 2018 results on slide 4. Starting with the strategy column on the left, we held firm on our priorities. During this year, Brent prices touched $80, but also $50 a barrel. But our priorities didn't change and this consistent approach allowed us to generate a return on capital employed of 12.6%, that's nearly a 20% improvement over our ROCE, when Brent was $109 per barrel just a few years ago. We increased our dividend, we accelerated our debt reduction to achieve our $15 billion target 18 months ahead of plan, and we repurchased $3 billion of shares. We've executed just over $6 billion of buyback since our program began in late 2016, with about $9 billion remaining on our existing authorization. Including our dividends and buybacks, we returned about 35% of our CFO to our owners. All this was funded organically from free cash flow. We have $5.3 billion of adjusted earnings, $12.3 billion of cash from operations and $5.5 billion of free cash flow. We ended the year with $6.4 billion in cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. To review cash is an effective means to ensure that we can, can execute our consistent programs of our buybacks and CapEx through the cycles. Our financial position is very strong and we execute, exited 2018 A rated by all three major credit rating agencies. And we achieved a settlement agreement in our ICC proceedings with PDVSA to fully recover an arbitration award of about $2 billion, of which we recognized over $400 million in 2018. Operationally, I'm proud of the way our organization performed. We safely executed our capital program and achieved underlying production growth of 18% on a per-debt adjusted share basis. We got help and strong performance on our Lower 48 business and from project start-ups across our regions. Finally, we made great progress on our continuing efforts to add to our low cost of supply resource base and optimize our asset portfolio. We completed the high- value asset acquisitions and achieved significant exploration success in Alaska. We progressed our Montney appraisal program in Canada and began exploring on our new Louisiana Austin Chalk play. Our portfolio high grading continued in 2018. We generated about $1.1 billion of disposition proceeds and we grew preliminary year-end reserves to $5.3 billion barrels of oil equivalent. The total reserve replacement rate was 147% and our organic reserve replacement rate was 109%. Our year-end resource base now contains roughly 16 billion barrels of oil equivalent with an average cost of supply of less than $30 a barrel. This is the fuel for our continued success in our approach to the business. So in summary 2018 was another exceptional year for ConocoPhillips . But again, 2018 is behind us. What matters now is what's next. And that's a great segue into 2019. So in December, we laid out an operating plan that we believe can and will sustain our success. It's a plan that's resilient to lower prices, while offering investors virtually uncapped upsides to higher prices. This is an intentional and sometimes overlooked aspect of how we've positioned ConocoPhillips. We play both ends of the field, offense and defense. Our 2019 operating plan is summarized on the next slide. You'll see in the upper right that we're sticking with the core elements on our value proposition; discipline, our focus on free cash flow generation, investing to grow cash flows and distinctive returns to shareholders. We've already announced the 2019 capital budget of $6.1 billion, plant production growth of 5% to 10% on a per-debt adjusted share basis and buybacks $3 billion for the third year in a row. This is consistent with our dollar-cost average approach to repurchases. Our 2019 capital plans had good activity and some potentially impactful operating milestones, several of which are shown on this page. I'll make a quick tour of the items starting with Alaska. In 2019, we will advance construction at GMT-2 and conduct another season of exploration and appraisal drilling. In December, even before our ice road campaign began, we drilled two exploration wells from existing pads. Our Montney 14-well pad program is in full swing in Canada. And in the Lower 48 Big 3, we expect to grow production by about 19%. We're focusing our activities in the early part of the year on testing potential resource enhancing programs such as multi-well pilots of our Vintage 5 completion techniques, EOR pilots and refracs. Given these activities, we expect volumes in the Big 3 to be relatively flat in the first half and ramped in the second half of the year. In the Louisiana Austin Chalk, we've already started our four-well exploration program and I expect to have results later this year. And we expect to advance discussions and decisions on a few major projects in Asia, including Bohai Phase IV in China and the North Field expansion in Qatar and Barrosa in Australia. Guidance on this page represent opportunities to have low cost to supply resource, strength in our portfolio and create optionality for the future.  Importantly, as we see results from these opportunities, we will retain flexibility on how and when we invest in most of these projects. You should expect us to prioritize and phase these investments in a way that it's aligned with our value proposition. As the year plays out, we will update you on our results across each of these fronts, and we anticipate providing a comprehensive, multi-year update to the market in November. We're excited to get another year out of the way. We believe our 2019 operating plan reflects what you've come to expect from us. It's consistent with our priorities focused on growing long-term value and underpinned by our commitment to strong execution. This is our formula for delivering superior returns to shareholders through the cycles, and for many years. It's a formula we believe works and we're sticking to it. So with that, let me turn the call over to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hi guys, good morning. 
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Ryan, just curious that it seems like that you still have running room in Eagle Ford and probably, I knew it would less than in Bakken I presume. Based on what you see today on the business, I don't know whether, you can actually, you are saying that, oh, this is what I planned. Is the plateau one way going to be on those two basins? And once you get there and how fast you can get there, and once you get there, what kind of rig program you need to sustain in and how long that you can sustain at that peak production? And second question is real short one whether you receive any payment from APLNG?
Ryan Lance: Yes, let me, I think Matt could probably a little bit of color. Paul and Don can cover the APLNG question as well. But I would just say at a high level, we continue to find new technologies and new approaches. We talked a little bit about testing our Vintage 5 completions in the Eagle Ford. And what we see is continuing lowering cost of supply and opportunities to continue to grow that opportunity. And in fact Bakken had an outstanding year into 2018. We reached some plateau and suggested that to the marketplace and we outperformed in 2018 and we see some similar opportunities there as we go forward. Matt can maybe provide a little bit extra color for you there.
Matt Fox: Yes. Paul, we were running six rigs in the Eagle Ford just now. We actually dropped a rig at the beginning of the year in Eagle Ford to optimize the ratio of our rigs to completion crews. And we're running three in the Bakken and two in the Permian. They, those are sort of rig levels we would be at continuing to grow in the Eagle Ford. But if we run those rigs continuously, we'd ultimately reach a plateau and we'd be able to hold that plateau for well over a decade, maybe two decades. In the Bakken we, as Ryan said, we thought we were at plateau, but we've had some improved results from our drilling and completions there and we had more partner-operated activity. And so, we're now at higher rate than we anticipated and that can probably be sustained close to that rate for a decade and more. And then of course, in the Permian, we're very early in the life cycle there, so that's several years of growth ahead of it before it reaches a plateau.
Paul Cheng: Matt, do you have a number you might add on in Eagle Ford that where is the plateau maybe for you guys? And also that if you guys don't mind give me the production number for the Big 3 in the quarter?
Matt Fox: Yes, we, no, we don't have a number that we're ready to share on the plateau rig because as a function, the number of rigs that we run over the long term. So that will be, what we are trying to do, of course in all of these place is optimize the rig count, so that we optimize the infrastructure costs. And this is all of them maximizing the NPV as we learn more about, of our new completion designs. For example in Eagle Ford that may change how we view that. So it's premature to go there. In terms of the rates for the Big 3 in the fourth quarter, yes, I can give you the list, we, I don't have them off top my head here just now, we can get those for you.
Paul Cheng: Okay, thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Paul, I'll come back to in a moment. Ryan want to answer the...?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Paul, with respect to APLNG payments, I'm sure you're referring to the distribution. So in 2018, we had total of $480 million of distributions from APLNG and you'll recall, we had $200 million in the first half. I believe that I had probably guided that the second half would look similar to the first half and we ended up with a larger dividend distribution payment in the fourth quarter of $280 million, and that's really a reflection of a number of things, but probably mostly the high realizations, the LNG prices on a three months lag. So fourth quarter LNG pricing or realizations really reflect third quarter oil prices. So really good revenues at APLNG and of course, they've made good progress on reducing costs, both on the operating side and on refinancing opportunities on the project financing. While I'm here, I know that you'll be curious about expectations for 2019 looking forward, and I would say that you've got to pick a price point because it is going to be very much influenced by actual realizations during the year, of course. But if they around say $65 a Brent then I'd probably expect distributions to be in the $500 million to $550 million range.
Matt Fox: And Paul, I have the fourth quarter average rates for the Big 3. It was 200 and the Eagle Ford, 101 in the Bakken and 34 in the Permian.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Terreson from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson: Hi, everybody. Congratulations on your results.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Doug.
Matt Fox: Thank you, Doug.
Doug Terreson: I have a financial, and a strategic question today. First, return on capital appears to be rising even after normalizing for changes in oil and gas prices, especially in the U.S. business. And on this point, I want to see if you guys could provide some color on the drivers of this dynamic, meaning, is it gains and capital efficiency, the technology, is it costs or is it something else driving these improvements? So just some color on this improvement in this area.
Don Wallette: Well, Doug, this is Don. I would say yes, it's all of the above. If you look at the transformation that we've undergone in the last two to three years, certainly more capital efficient, more disciplined, a greater focus on returns and less of the priority now, of course. And so, you can go back to a lot of the portfolio changes that we've done to lower our cost of supply and our sustaining price. I think all of these things, reducing the debt and our operating costs, I think we're from like $10 billion to $6 billion, taking capital down from $17 billion I believe, in 2014 down to the current level around $6 billion. It's just efficiency on all fronts.
Doug Terreson: Okay. And then also strategically, Ryan, you reiterated your pledge to your new order value proposition, which has obviously served shareholders and that COP has been the best stock in S&P Energy since you've implemented the plan two years ago. Simultaneously, companies with past success in this industry often mission drift and that often results in strategic activity. So while most E&P acquisitions were done at about half of a quarter or capital cost over the past couple of years and were therefore doing pretty negatively in the market, valuations have fallen further and I wanted to see how you guys were thinking about strategic activity these days and if there are areas of interest, why and what are they?
Ryan Lance: Yes, Doug, we do get quite a lot of questions. I appreciate, it gives us a chance sort of articulate our views a little bit about the M&A side. Really for us, it's about strategic portfolio of choices and we've been pretty deliberate in that space over the last couple of years and since the spin of the company, it's also been on the disposition side with $30 billion and I would also remind everybody half of that went to the shareholders and half went to reduce the debt on the balance sheet. But we have been involved in some more strategic and smaller-scale acquisitions like adding acreage opportunities in the Montney and the Austin Chalk and where we think we have a clear competitive advantage like the asset deals we did last year up in Alaska.  So when we think about that, we consider our asset quality diversity, resource debt and operating cost. So we think about do we add in, and adding those four categories around the portfolio, but our portfolio is in pretty good shape, 16 billion barrels of low cost high resource base that's Brent weighted. It's diverse, it's deep, it's material. So we are not feeling any pressure to do anything. It just has to be value-adding and substitutive in the portfolio. That's kind of where we stand out in the company. Now broadly within the sector, consolidation should result in more disciplined capital allocation, slower growth and ultimately strengthening oil prices and help investors back into our sectors. When you consider, I think that on a sector basis, you have to consider things like the value that you pointed out, synergies, the timing, the market reaction to it. And what we find it's tough on a valuation perspective. If you are going to implement a disciplined capital allocation program like we have in place, you really need to slow down the growth rate for any acquisition target that you look at, but that growth rate is built into their valuation and then you usually have to pay us a premium on top of it. That makes it extremely difficult. Synergies, tough to realize with some of the pure plays than the private equity companies that are out there. They just, unless you have adjacent acreage and infrastructure, there's just typically not many synergies. Timing is tough at the low point of the cycle, Board rooms are reluctant to sell and obviously tough to issue shares, to go to do something. And then you touched on as well, what's the market reaction? It has not been good. So people have been punished because they seem to be overpaid. So, we pay attention to it, in which we, we looked at it, we watch it, we see all the opportunities, got to be competitive in the portfolio. We understand what we like and what might fit, but it takes a real special deal to where we feel like it's a good use of a shareholder capital.
Doug Terreson: Thanks for the comprehensive answer, Ryan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: Hi. Good morning. First question, I guess would be for Don. You're at your $15 billion gross debt target, but you have over $6 billion of cash, so your net debt is now below $9 billion. Wondering how you're thinking about that today in terms of willingness to take the gross debt down more or, obviously, it provides you a lot of flexibility in a downside price case, but in an upside price case, you'd be building even more cash. So how are you thinking about what you want to do with that?
Don Wallette: Yes. I think Phil, we're still at the same place we were as far as capital structure of the company and as far as gross debt. So, we're really not contemplating anything to further reduce the balance sheet debt. I think this is more of a cash utilization-type question and the reasons why we would maintain levels of cash, high levels of cash in a positive price environment, and that's going to speak to a number of things. But obviously, being able to withstand volatile price cycles and being able to run the steady programs and keep our strategy on pace on all fronts as far as buybacks, as far as the base capital program and so forth, gives us the opportunity to take advantage of strategic opportunities, investments that come around that are kind of one-time deals and maybe the potential Qatar expansion is part of that. So it can help kind of refund some of those potential opportunities going forward.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I'd say, so Phil, it's not burning a hole in our pocket and remind everybody less than a month ago, people were panicking with $40 crude prices. So we're not doing that, we're staying with our program as Don said, with, that allows the consistency through the cycles on both the buybacks and the capital invested and follow our priorities.
Phil Gresh: Yes. That makes lot of sense. And I guess, the follow-up is to your, to your last comment there, Don. I feel like one of the most frequently asked questions, I've been getting about ConocoPhillips is the level of capital spending there might be moving forward. You could include Qatar in there, you could include Barossa or a well or so. How do you guys think about the levels of capital spending that might be needed moving forward? I realize you're not going to have an Analyst Day for a while, but any color you might be able to give I think it would be helpful.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Phil. Let me, let take that one on. I know we've gotten a fair number of questions about them. I appreciate you asking about it. Yes, we're probably not going to provide the clarity that you may want in terms of absolute numbers going forward, we will update the market if some of this resolves, but I think we've been pretty transparent about the opportunities you mentioned in the new field, in the North Field expansion in Qatar. So we tried to show those beyond your base programs. I just reviewed in my prepared remarks some of the higher impact activities we have under way in 2019.  Now we expect to resolve a lot of the uncertainties and most of it, if not all of those projects as we go through the course of the year. Then we'll take stock of what and when and how we might invest in those opportunities. But I'd tell you I think from our past activity and reputation, we've been intentional about retaining flexibility in many of the projects and we really have the discussion to face the capital investments over time. I think we've also had a pretty successful track record of disbursing assets that don't compete in the portfolio, they are high graded. And that provides another means of flexibility as well. So our goal really is to create the highest returns to our shareholders, while preserving our higher proposition that we're committed to including a focus on free cash flow. So that means we'll be setting and be thoughtful about setting our future plans according to those kinds of premises. So, and then again, we'll lay that out in a lot more detail are you later in November. We're not going to lose our way by ourselves.
Phil Gresh: Okay, thanks Ryan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Q - Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Ryan, you guys have set the bar pretty high for the industry in terms of capital discipline. So I think questions that are on the longer-term CapEx are obviously relevant, but I think in the confines of how you've allocated capital, I am curious however, if you see a kind of upside limit on the level of reinvestment as a percentage of cash flow to kind of put it simplistically. I realize you might talk about this a bit more in November, but when you look at the list of opportunities, if you did get Qatar or Barossa or Bohai sanction this year, would your aim be to hold the CapEx within a range or this is the upside versus the longer-term CapEx?
Ryan Lance: Well, again as I was trying to say we'll see where the commodity price for the market is at. I think first and foremost, we're committed to giving a high percentage of our cash flow back to the shareholders. So we start by as you've all sort of noticed that 30% is kind of our forward. We're committed to giving 30% of the cash back to the shareholders. So we will fund the company and will allocate capital to the programs with the remaining amount of cash that we have in the business. But we're going to look at it annually and make sure that we still continue to deliver free cash flow from the business.  And as we think about the opportunities that you mentioned, the North Field expansion, Barossa, and somehow we will manage that. We've got control over pace, we've got control over timing, we've got control over what our interest level is, and we've got other ways to control the capital program, and we'll do that. And we'll take that into account as we did. We've got a rich set of opportunities coming our way, and we've got capacity and we've got cash on the balance sheet, but we also know any given year, we're committed to our value proposition and we're going to stay the course.
Q - Doug Leggate: Perhaps just a quick follow-up to that, Ryan. There has been some speculation in the press that you were pursuing our North Sea sale and that sale may have, not be going forward. Now I wonder if you could offer any color on, on just that specific issue, but also the general portfolio management in terms of non-core assets as they stand today, because I'm guessing that would also factor into the flywheel for your ability to return cash and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Ryan Lance: Yes, you bet Doug. I think Matt's been kind of managing that, the UK process for us. I'll let him kind of provide a little bit of color on that for you.
Matt Fox: Yes, Doug, we, our process to market with UK assets continues. But we are no longer on an exclusive arrangement to do that. So we've brought in the process to include several parties and that really has very strong interest in properties. I don't want to comment any further on that, unless there's a material change to report, then we'll turn the line. But we are actively marketing those assets. And in terms of other assets that we might market, we've expressed consistently, and consistently executed on the fact that we will look at the lower end of the portfolio and dispose of assets as they, as the, from the timing is right. We did $1.1 billion this year. And so you should expect to see is continue to work on the assets now. We'd say that the major portfolio restructuring is essentially behind us. But that's not to say that there aren't other changes that we've made to the portfolio. And just to be clear, I think you maybe said the North Sea assets. The assets that we are marketing are the UK assets. So I think that's the best way to describe what the state of players are on the disposition front.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Herrlin from Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
John Herrlin: Hi, I've got a question on reserve replacement in the U.S.. You had asset sales this year, you've changed the way you allocate capital, reserves declined. What should we think about in terms of your reserve replacement in the U.S. on kind of a going-forward basis, just low nominal growth?
Matt Fox: Yes. So, we'll start by explaining what happens to their overall reserve base there. There's a slide in the appendix that we had, that we posted I think in slide 9, that describes the overall sources of reserve replacement. So we started the year with $5.38 billion and ended with $5.263 billion, that's a lot of decimal places. We produced 483 million barrels. We added 474 million through extensions and discoveries and another 52 million and, through revisions and improved recovery. So that's where we get to the 109% organic reserve replacement ratio that Ryan mentioned. And then if you look at the acquisitions and dispositions, the net effect of that was 182 million barrels. We added close to 300 million in Alaska through the acquisitions and that was offset by $38 million reduction in the clear disposition and $68 million from Lower 48. So we feel all that together the net effect is we get 147 million, 147% total reserves replacement.
John Herrlin: No, I got to the Lower 48, Matt.
Matt Fox: Yes, the Lower 48, I think the best way to think of that is to think about in the context of the resource base the, because the Lower 48, obviously the booking schedule there is based on SEC rules, is limited to what you're anticipating in your five-year drilling schedule. So when we look at the Eagle Ford, for example, we booked about 500 million barrels of the 2.5 billion barrels of central resource base. And if you look at the other place, we're about 50% booked in the Bakken, 20% in the Eagle Ford, less than 15% booked in the Permian and less than 1% booked in the Montney. So there's a long period ahead of us of continuing to add SEC reserves as we work through this resource base. So the that we, what we tend to focus on frankly rather than the reserves is that resource base and then if you look at, if you look at that from, for this year, we went from 15 billion barrels last year with the cost of supply of less than $50 to 16 billion barrels this year with the cost of supply less than $40. So because we produced about 0.5 billion barrels, that's a resource replacement ratio of 300% and the, and that's what we are, that's what we are really focused on. And I think both from a reserves and a resource perspective, we're in really good shape and specifically to your question, we're in really good shape in the Lower 48 because of the way those reserves will be booked over time.
John Herrlin: Great, thanks Matt. My next one is regarding some of the larger projects that could be approved for FID, and I guess, this is more towards Ryan. Are you at all worried about E&C capacity in terms of delivery? I mean obviously, the industry doesn't have the frenzied activity that it did in past cycles, but are you at all concerned about the industry being able to deliver as you commit to these kinds of projects?
Ryan Lance: Not necessarily, John. I think when you look at the location you look at Barossa where, out for competitive bid on FPSOs and the market is pretty light right now in Asia-Pacific. So the opportunity itself is out there. Not too worried about that. The subsea equipment associated with that is highly competitive and not real stressed out in the system today. Qatar is going through, a large expansion in Qatar Ras Laffan. That will probably have its challenges. But I think they've managed it well in the past, and we'll expect them to manage it well going forward. So while it's always a risk, I think we've got the team in place, we've got the capability as a large company like we are and the functional excellence around managing these projects. We haven't lost that as a company. So we'll bring all that excellence to bear on all of these major projects going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes, thank you. Good morning.
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Roger.
Don Wallette: Good morning, Roger.
Roger Read: Could you just maybe come back around one of the, and, Don, you talked about it a little bit, the decline in OpEx, the company has been able to achieve kind of broader productivity and efficiencies. Wrapping what you can do going forward on that front and maybe if you would, or if you can disclose the underlying decline rate, just kind of want to understand, maybe some of the more, I guess I'd describe as increasing challenges on being able to deliver continued improvement just from internal things as opposed to maybe some of these future projects that everybody has been more focused on, on the call?
Matt Fox: And maybe I'll take that one, Roger, this is Matt. If you look at our OpEx, we're still completely committed to the discipline and their OpEx. If you look at what's happening from last year to this year, for example, last year, operating costs, was $5.8 billion, but if you put on a pro forma basis and reflecting the acquisitions and dispositions most notably, they compare it and clear transactions, their OpEx would have been of $6 billion on a pro forma basis. This year we're moving to $6.1 billion, but when you look at the underlying production growth, our OpEx per barrel is going from $12.6, it is $12.6 rather and that's $0.20 less than last year. So the absolute numbers are a bit higher than 2018, but the unit cost is lower and that's pretty impressive when you consider that the acquisition in Alaska are relatively high cost barrels. Of course, they are very high value barrel because it's all oil in the sales of Brent. And so the fact that we, that they, that we added those higher cost barrels and still see a reduction in operating cost per barrel, I mean it's the same that we've, we're certainly not, haven't lost the discipline on the cost front and we can see that, that focus is going to remain in the company from, over the next several years and we're going to continue to make sure that we're driving our unit costs down over time.
Roger Read: Yes. Thanks for that. That's actually very helpful. And anything on the underlying decline rate, I can't remember if you've talked about that or not, just wanted to ask.
Ryan Lance: The underlying decline rate on aggregate is about 10% [indiscernible]. Yes, that's unmitigated – without -- that takes all the wells that were online at the end of last year, and what would they be producing at the end of the next year. So of course, because we have the and production in LNG and oil sands, which is essentially zero decline, and a very large conventional base that has a modest decline, when we put together that with our unconventionals which of course, decline more quickly, the aggregate effect is about 10% decline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, good morning, and thanks again for the question, letting us ask question here. The first one for you is just on Venezuela. Obviously very fluid situation out there and just your thoughts on the ability to collect the capital that's owed to the company and just some thoughts on the ground of how that plays out from here.
Don Wallette: Yes, Neil, this is Don. I'll address that question. With respect to the recent events in Venezuela, we, a couple of things. I guess one on the Venezuela side and one on, with respect to the U.S. sanctions, the new U.S. sanctions. I mean as far as PDVSA, today they have fully complied with the settlement agreement that we entered into late last summer as far as making cash payments and providing the inventories that, what we were entitled to. We are in very regular contact with the officials at PDVSA and they continue to assure us that their intention is to continue to comply with the obligations under the settlement agreement. And I think that their actions over the past seven months or eight months have indicated that ConocoPhillips is currently high on their priority list of creditors. So we expect that they will continue to comply. Of course, we don't know, nobody knows how things are going to change in the Venezuela and what that may entail. Their next, they're now on a quarterly payment schedule for the recovery of the ICC settlement and the next quarterly installment is due next month. And we expect to receive it and it appears that they're making plans to satisfy that obligation. The other part of it is the, on the U.S. side, related to the U.S. government's recent actions and we are operating under a license from OFAC the Office of Foreign Assets Control that we obtained before we entered into the settlement agreement. We have been in contact with OFAC officials as recently as earlier this week and they have assured us that our license is valid, that we have, we are strictly complying with that license and they've given us very good guidance on how to go forward. They don't anticipate any issues related to our settlement agreement and so we don't see any complications on that front.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Don and then the follow-up question is, is just on Qatar LNG. The timing of that sounds like it's going to be mid 2019. We expect to get a decision about the project partners. How do you see ConocoPhillips position for potential project win there, any thoughts on the latest in terms of returns? And I guess one of the market concerns around Qatar LNG has been around financing the capital spend. It strikes us that you guys have a substantial amount of free cash flow coming up over the next couple of years that shall lame market concerns, even after the dividend and the buyback. But any comments about how you think about financing that capital outlay if the project materializes would be great.
Matt Fox: Yes, Neil. I'll take that one. The timeline is just as you laid out. We expect decisions to be made by the middle of this year. And the underlying process to achieve that is sort of under way. We think we're very well positioned competitively to participate in the project. And in terms of financing it, we have cash available to finance it, we have a very high free cash flows, I mean, we're recognizing even this year, we generate free cash flow, any price above $40 a barrel WTI. And so we're not concerned about our ability to finance that. So we are bring, we're fully engaged in the process with Qatar Petroleum and we'll see how that plays out as we go through the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Simmons Energy. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Good morning folks. Matt, on that last point, could you just remind me when if you did go forward with Qatar, when we could expect first production roughly?
Matt Fox: I think the timeline would be first production between 2024 and 2025, it is when the expectations are. Engineering design is already under way and it is not being slowed down for they are waiting for the final participants to be agreed. So it will be the, sometime late '24 or early '25 is when we expect that to come to market.
Blake Fernandez: That's great. Thank you. The second question, I suspect you guys aren't as exposed to this. But the feedback we're getting from our E&P team that's covering some of the smaller companies in the space and maybe some of the privates, we're looking at CapEx budgets being ratcheted back and rig count potentially coming down and all of a sudden now we are hearing commentary regarding potential cost deflation in the Lower 48. I know it's early days in the '19 but I just didn't know if you're beginning to witness anything or if you think there's potentially some downward pressure on spending based on kind of peers cutting, cutting activity levels.
Matt Fox: Yes, I think last year we saw about $100 million of escalation in the Lower 48 and, but we are seeing some, we had some deflationary pressures. For example, the, in the frac fleet, activity in the low 40s than about 10% just in the last couple of months. So our view is that the frac fleet is about 65% utilization just now. And if you put that together with the big reductions in sand prices because of new main sites opening, we are actually seeing quite a healthy reduction on our completion costs from '18 to '19 and we've built that into our budget. Those were contracts that we renewed toward the end of the year. So yes, we are seeing some cost reductions on completions. On the high spec rig, on the rig side of it, we're, higher utilization, about 92% on rigs. And we have options on our rigs through the end of 2019. So I think that, yes, there could be some deflation going to show open in 2019 and we already saw some of that showing up toward the end of '18.
Blake Fernandez: That's great, I appreciate the color, Matt. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. I had a couple of quick ones. First, you all have somewhere around $7 billion of cash right now, and obviously positioned well to generate more free cash flow. But considering the opportunities that you have in front of you that was discussed quite a bit today, and obviously, our buyback program that's in force right now as well, is there an optimal amount of cash you guys would like to have as a cushion? And so where I'm going with this is, if a number of these large projects do come to fruition, is there a chance you guys can look at saying adding debt to the portfolio to help fund those projects or is that where you come back and say, that's where you look at monetization opportunities and other things?
Matt Fox: Scott, yes, I think we've been pretty clear that we're not looking to either raise or lower debt from its current level and I don't know if there's an optimal, there is not an optimal point of cash balance that we're aiming for on the balance sheet. There, it's a pretty wide range given the volatile business that we're in and the host of opportunities that we hope to have that are investable in the future. So, now there's really not, there's not an optimal level of cash.
Don Wallette: I think I would add them Scott, that you again follow our priorities. We feel comfortable with the capital that we're investing right now. We'll grow the company, grow margins, grow cash flows for the company we, at the kind of level that we're funding today. Given where the portfolio stands, we're going to fully fund our $3 billion of share repurchases. And above that, to the extent we have additional cash there, we're okay putting it on the balance sheet for now, because we see opportunities that might present themselves in a down market. And also we ask ourselves what the future holds for us, what our commodity price is going to do and that gives us a level of comfort when we have that cash on the balance sheet to know that we can fund the opportunities that we have and we can stand the downturns in receivables.
Scott Hanold: Okay appreciate, understood. And as a follow-up. Touching based on sort of the Big 3 unconventionals in the Lower 48, is there an appetite to look at some point to put those more on, hey, we've hit the plateau and they're going to be more on maintenance more. Are we near that point for those say, the Eagle Ford and Bakken or are you still kind of building up to that? And then as you look at the Permian Basin, with your position in the Delaware, what do you see as sort of the optimal kind of pace that you guys can develop that at?
Matt Fox: So I would say Scott, in the Bakken, we were essentially at plateau. I mean [indiscernible]. That is not our ambition to grow Bakken further. We can sustain level around where we are just now for a long time. But we don't, we're used in running two or three rigs and we're comfortable with that in the Bakken. In the Eagle Ford, we're still growing. This year, we're running six rigs and we'll continue to see growth from that and we are, as Ryan said, testing some new technology in the completion designs there, what we called Vintage 5. Once we understand how those new completion design works, we might revisit what the right piece and moderate plateau we have and so on, but there's a few more years of growth for sure left in the Eagle Ford before we get to plateau. And then the Permian is a long way from plateau. We're running two rigs. just, maybe you remember last year, but we took a rig out of the Permian as the differentials blew out. I suspect something over the next year or two, we'll put that, the third rig back to work again there. And but the, and that will continue to grow for several years before we reach its plateau. You are asking the good fundamental question here for the industry as a whole is, is how do we, how does the industry think about where the optimum plateau is.  And the optimum plateau is certainly not just a year or two, you know you're overbuilding infrastructure if you go there and then the optimum plateau isn’t several years because your time, value or money. Certainly, we think of this very carefully as we consider the rig, the pace of rig activity and the piece of infrastructure build and the pace of technology change. So I think we have a good handle on how we should be managing these assets to optimize the value from a plateau perspective and rig count perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey LeBlanc from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey LeBlanc: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. First one's on the upsides for the Lower 48. I was just hoping you could talk a bit more about Vintage 5 testing that you've mentioned a few times now that's going on in the Eagle Ford in terms of both variables that you may be tweaking and then also just a timeline for when we may see some data around at all. And then in the Permian, specifically was hoping you could talk a bit about capital allocation within an asset for you all, just toward getting a sense of operational objectives there in the near term?
Matt Fox: Yes, I mean the Vintage 5, basically what they are, we have the sayings to intensify the stimulative drop volume to improve recovery factor, that's the essence behind the Vintage 5, it's the same. We haven't really disclosed that, it's the same, but that's the underlying parameter that we're trying to improve as the recovery factor and improving the intensity and regularity of the stimulative drop volume. So we completed the single well pilot last year and we got really encouraging results there. So what we're doing now is we're going to do three multi-well pilots at different locations and at different spacings within Eagle Ford in 2019. And then two more we have planned for 2020. So we'll get initial results from that late this year and then more results into 2020. We are also advancing the multi-well pilot Vintage 5 test in the Delaware too, that will be later this year. So results there won't come until 2020. So the, and it's a very interesting technology angle to be pursuing here and we're looking forward to seeing those results. In terms of the Permian capital allocation specifically, really it is driven, of course, by the rig count and two this year and then sometime over the next year or two growing to, growing to three rigs.
Jeffrey LeBlanc: Great and then my second one is on acquisitions and maybe this is a bit nuance and maybe impossibly rounding air, but you saw in the disclosure with earnings today $0.6 billion for acquisitions for the year last year, which compares $0.5 billion for Q3 earnings. I know that as a bolt-on, the Alaskan Montney has been listed pretty consistently throughout the year. So just wondering if there is any color you can give there on the nature of that incremental $100 million or so that might be implied just for Q4's activity?
Matt Fox: Yes. So the acquisition in the Western North Slope is $400 million and Montney acquisition was $120 million. The balance of that is really some additional smaller acquisitions to core up in places like the Louisiana Austin Chalk. So it is, this way, I can't point to one big one that makes up the difference there. It's several smaller-scale acquisitions and the portfolio that takes us to the $600 million.
Jeffrey LeBlanc: I appreciate it.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks. Paulette, we're getting close to the top of the hour. So we'll take our last question please.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Michael Hall from Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please go ahead.
Michael Hall: Thanks. Appreciate the time. And I guess you kind of alluded to one in the last question, but I was curious, in the context of, of kind of the Vintage 5 completions in the Eagle Ford. I mean if you look at your prior disclosures, you had pretty big step changes along the way as you've moved up the Vintage cycle, I guess. Do you still see that sort of potential rate of change, I guess, as you move from Vintage 4 to Vintage 5 to or is this something that's more on the margin. And then, where would you say you're at in terms of Vintaging in the other place like the Willow has done in Permian?
Matt Fox: So Vintage 5 really isn't focused on trying to improve IP. It's really focused on trying to improve recovery factor. So they, the big increases in commercial production that we've disclosed from Vintage 1 through Vintage 4 is really not what we are targeting here. This is a more fundamental improvement in the EUR across any given dropped volume. So that's what Vintage 5 is about. That's why it's going to take several months after these wells were brought online to truly understand how the type curve is evolving and how interference with other wells is behaving. And so, it will have a different characteristic of improvement than Vintage 1 through Vintage 4. So far across the rest of our plays, Bakken, Permian and Montney, we're really implementing completion techniques similar to Vintage 4. Just now we're testing Vintage 5 in the Eagle Ford and a civil test in the Permian also. And we'll then, we're pretty good at transferring these learnings across the organization quickly, so we don't have to pilot test everything everywhere before we can put it to work in other plays.
Michael Hall: Great, that's super helpful. And I guess last one on my end would just be, just curious if you'd be willing to possibly provide exit rate thoughts for the Big 3 in aggregate or individually for 2019?
Matt Fox: Well, I mean I gave the exit rates earlier for the Big 3 individually for the, really for the fourth quarter average rates, which is really in my view, the best way to think about the above the exit rate because of the movement here. But what we, what we've said we're going to do in the, in 2019 is we're going to produce $350,000 on average through 2019. So that's about 20% growth from '18 and that's going to come through over the first quarter. So, and I think Ryan mentioned this in his prepared remarks, the first half is going to be relatively flat. We had really great exceptional outperformance in 2018 as we went through the year. In particular toward the end of the year, we had, you know, how these programs work. You have, you are drilling multi-well pads, so you get lumpiness within each of the individual plays. Towards the end 2018 we had multi-well pads coming on essentially simultaneously across the Big 3. So we saw a big jump there and, so now we'll be moving toward more of a momentum and we will be experimenting with these, the Vintage 5 completions, which take a little bit longer to pump. So that's why we expect them to be flat through the first half of the year and then we'll jump up in the second half of the year as we increase the number of completions.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks. I think that's going to wrap it up to the day everybody. We really appreciate your interest, by all means call us back if you have any other follow ups. And thanks again for joining us. Paulette, that.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips Matthew J. Fox - ConocoPhillips
Analysts: Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Devin J. McDermott - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Blake Fernandez - Piper Jaffray Simmons Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2018 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Christine. Hello, everybody, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Don Wallette, our EVP of Finance, Commercial and our Chief Financial Officer; Al Hirshberg, our EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects; and Matt Fox, our EVP of Strategy Exploration and Technology. Our agenda for today's call is to have Ryan review our key milestones from the third quarter, from the year-to-date, and then some of our focus areas for the remainder of the year. I want to note that all of our usual financial and operational highlight slides are included in today's deck in backup for your information. They're very straightforward. So after Ryan's remarks, our plan today is to go directly to Q&A. Our cautionary statement is shown on page 2 of today's deck. We will make some forward-looking statements during the call that refer to future estimates or plans. Actual results could differ due to the factors described on this slide and in our periodic filings with the SEC. And then, finally, we'll also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today, and that's to facilitate comparisons across periods and with our peers. Reconciliations to those non-GAAP measures to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and also on our website. And now, I'll turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Ellen, and welcome, everyone, to today's call. 2018 has been another exceptional year for ConocoPhillips. Slide 4 summarizes our achievements from the third quarter and the first nine months of the year. Our value proposition is all about returns. We're laser-focused on disciplined free cash flow generation and strong execution. Discipline means we're not chasing higher prices by ramping up activity. By staying disciplined, we generate strong free cash flow, which we then allocate in a shareholder-friendly way. And underpinning our discipline in cash flow allocation is predictable, consistent execution quarter in and quarter out. Our commitment to these elements has driven strong results across the business in the third quarter and throughout this year. Starting with our strategic milestones on the left. Earlier this month, we announced a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend rate. In July, we increased our 2018 buyback target to $3 billion. That's the pace we're on for the year. At the same time, our board increased the total authorization to $15 billion, representing about 20% of our shares since the buyback program began. This sent a strong signal to the market that we have confidence in our plans for continued shareholder value creation. The combination of our dividend and buybacks represents a return to shareholders of about 35% of CFO, well in excess of our 20% to 30% target. Importantly and distinctively, these distributions were funded organically. We're delivering on all our strategic priorities and that means focusing on all aspects of value capture. For example, there's been a lot of interest in our ICC proceedings with PDVSA. We announced in August that we had reached a settlement agreement to fully recover the arbitration award of about $2 billion. This was a major milestone in this effort. This quarter, we recognized $345 million of that settlement. So we are collecting. Finally, we continue to optimize our portfolio and have announced about $600 million of additional dispositions over the past few months. Our financial performance has improved consistently throughout the year. Stronger prices help, but we're also benefiting on a relative basis due to our Brent weighted mix and from ongoing efforts to mitigate inflation risks and keep a lid on costs. In the third quarter, we generated $1.6 billion, or $1.36 per share of adjusted earnings. And here's some interesting perspective. The last time ConocoPhillips generated quarterly adjusted earnings of $1.6 billion from continuing operations was in the third quarter of 2014. Brent was over $100 per barrel and our production was almost 1.5 million barrels of equivalent oil per day. So we're as profitable today as we were then despite prices being 25% lower and volumes being 20% lower. So bigger isn't always better. That's why we're focused on per share growth and value, not absolute volume growth. Our portfolio and efficiency efforts have boosted the underlying strength of our company and driven what we believe is peer-leading sustaining price of less than $40 WTI. We've significantly improved our resilience to low prices without capping upside for investors and that's the key to outperformance through the cycles. Cash from operations in the third quarter was $3.5 billion and CapEx was $1.6 billion. So we generated almost $2 billion of free cash flow, which more than funded our dividend and buybacks. Year-to-date cash from operations is $9.1 billion. This exceeded CapEx by $4 billion. Of this free cash flow, over $3 billion has been returned to our owners. We also further reduced debt, while keeping our CapEx in check and maintaining strong liquidity. At the end of the quarter, we had about $4.8 billion of cash and short-term investments on hand. Our balance sheet is in great shape. Our debt reduction target was achieved 18 months ahead of schedule. The credit rating agencies have noticed and they have responded with recent upgrades. We are now single A-rated by all three of the agencies. Importantly since our value proposition is all about returns, let me give you a current snapshot. Our 12-month trailing return on capital employed is now in double digits and our cash return on capital employed is over 20% and those returns should continue to improve. Strong financial performance is possible because of consistent, predictable execution on the operating side of the business and the organization again delivered this quarter like they have done all year. Third quarter production excluding Libya was 1.224 (sic) [1,224] (07:07) million barrels of oil equivalent. That's underlying year-over-year growth of 6% on an absolute basis and 28% on a per debt-adjusted share basis. Our disciplined plan remains very much on track and we expect to close out 2018 on a strong note. Our key annual turnarounds were completed safely and our operations are running smoothly. We recently started up conventional projects in Alaska and Asia Pacific with two additional startups expected in Europe this quarter. We recently sanctioned GMT-2 in Alaska and spud our first exploration well in the Louisiana, Austin Chalk. So we're building good momentum heading into 2019. Now in December we'll announce our 2019 operational plan. You can expect our capital to be roughly in line with this year's capital excluding acquisitions. And I think this is a clear indication that we're not straying from our strategies, so no surprises there. This quarter marks the second year of our anniversary of when we launched our disciplined, return-focused value proposition. At that time, we established a leadership role in executing what we believe is the right strategy for this cyclical business. We're committed to maintaining consistency and discipline through price domains. This is fundamental. Our sustaining price of less than $40 gives us a distinct advantage at lower prices and we offer investors unhedged exposure to higher prices. Now, as we head into 2019, you can count on us to remain disciplined focused on free cash flow generation and strong execution of the business. That's our formula for delivering superior returns to shareholders through the cycles. We know it's a formula that works and we're sticking to it. So let me turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, and thanks for the color Ryan. I guess I'll ask a question on the capital number that you referenced for 2019 since you're willing to give that. It sounds like obviously you're not looking to ramp up spending. You do have, I think, some roll-off spending from some projects that are ramping here in the fourth quarter. But, do you expect any activity increase, say, in Lower 48 in 2019? And if not, is there a scenario where you would consider it because obviously we have a lot higher price now than we did before?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, Phil, thanks. As I said, I think we're staying pretty committed to our disciplined plan. Wanted to give a signal to you all about kind of where we see 2019 headed. I'll let Al kind of chime in on some of the – a bit more detail about that but we expect our capital to be roughly in line with kind of where we're at today all things being equal. But there are some moving parts within the portfolio that are important. And I think Al can provide you a little bit of color on that.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. So Phil, we obviously haven't set our exact capital number for 2019 yet. We'll do that in December and announce it to the market then but Ryan's already given you a pretty strong hint at how it's going to turn out. Really consistent with where we've been all year, we don't plan to make any significant changes to our activity level in the Big 3 in the Lower 48. We do have some new projects that will be attracting CapEx in 2019 higher versus 2018. And we also have the acquisitions in Alaska this year. Let me mention a few numbers there. We've got GMT-2 in Alaska. Barossa that is progressing and we're starting to spend more CapEx. And also the Montney where we've got – it's really still in the appraisal phase but we are building processing capability and water capability that will be adding to our CapEx next year. And in addition, we have our increased working interest at Kuparuk assuming that we close there on that deal and in the Western North Slope. And when you add all that up it's about $500 million plus or minus of increased CapEx in 2019 versus 2018 for those things. But we also have some significant roll-off of major projects that are finishing up. So you've got Aasta Hansteen, Clair Ridge, Bohai Phase 3 and the Bayu-Undan in-fill wells. When you add all that up that roll-off, it's also about $500 million. So those roughly offset each other. And so that's how we get to a plan that is roughly what Ryan was describing where the major project roll-on, roll-off are roughly offsetting and we're staying similar in our Lower 48 activity levels.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks. And then, I guess, the second question Al for you would be some of the topics of the day here just on takeaway. There's been a lot of talk about frac commitments for NGLs as well as Bakken takeaway. Maybe you could just elaborate how Conoco is positioned on these issues?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Phil, this is Don. Maybe I'll take that one. As far as fractionation capacity overall for NGLs in the Lower 48, we're in pretty good shape. We're not seeing any takeaway constraints. Relative to the Bakken certainly within the basin everybody can see that processing capacity is starting to get pinched there with the growth in the Bakken production about 150,000 barrels a day year-over-year and additional competition from the Canadian imports as well. So we're not seeing takeaway problems on the gas or the processing or the NGLs side up in the Bakken. And we don't anticipate any – the midstream companies that we work with have expansion plans that we expect to be in place toward the end of 2019.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, Don, just to be clear on the Bakken I was talking more on the crude side. I was just trying to understand how much do you put on DAPL versus the rail? Any color on those dynamics?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, I'd be happy to Phil. I don't know that I'm going to get into specific pipelines, but generally the way that I think or we think about the Bakken kind of three different market centers there. You've got the Rockies refining center that's sort of the local market. And then we have access through pipe commitments to the Mid-Continent, so kind of the Chicago area Patoka, Clearbrook. And then the third is Cushing and we go in all three different directions. I would say that lately we have flexibility so it shifts from one quarter to the other how much is going into each location. But in the third quarter, I believe a good estimate would be about 50% is sold within the Rockies. That gives you an indication of our exposure to say currency type pricing; probably 30% to Cushing and maybe 20% to the Mid-Con. And we're not seeing takeaway constraints there.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Good morning, everybody.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Good morning, Doug.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: On Venezuela, Ryan you mentioned the $345 million payment from PDVSA in the quarter. And I think that another $500 million is expected by year-end and you guys get the remainder over four and a half years. So my question is, is this the correct profile for those cash payments? Is that the right way to think about it? And second given the uncertainty in Venezuela, is there any recourse that you have if PDVSA doesn't pay on schedule? So how are you guys thinking about those two things?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, Doug. Let me just clarify and then Don's been on point for us. He can chime in too as well. But, yeah, we recognized $345 million of revenue in the third quarter from the settlement and that's part of a total of $500 million that we should receive this year. And we should get the remaining part between the $345 million and the $500 million in the next month or so.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Then, we start a monthly or a quarterly amount that we get until the full $2 billion is paid full to ConocoPhillips. And we have provisions if they miss payments to go back after some of the assets and I'll maybe let Don elaborate on that a little bit.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, maybe just to drill down into a few more facts around that Doug. On the – as Ryan mentioned, our settlement agreement called for $500 million of early payments or we refer to them as initial payments as part of the $2 billion collection from the ICC award. And that $500 million was comprised of two components really. And you'll probably recall that we seized crude inventories as part of our enforcement actions. That was about 4 million barrels of oil that had a notional value of around $300 million, so that was the commodities element of that. And we've been marketing that oil and most of it has been lifted. We still have some to go. The other component were two cash payments of $100 million each. And the first cash payment was due the first week of October. PDVSA provided that the last week of September, actually. The second payment is due in November. And so that sums up the total $500 million that we anticipate that we'll collect during 2018. And then, as Ryan mentioned then we go into a quarterly payment schedule of around $85 million a quarter for, I believe, it's the next 18 quarters or however long it takes to recover the full $2 billion.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. Okay. And then also Ryan you mentioned that your financial performance is the best it's been since I think second or third quarter of 2014 when Brent was above $100. And then going forward obviously if this performance – if the performance continues to be strong and spending is not rising much, which I think you implied debt reduction programs mostly complete. Then the question becomes, what are the plans for or priorities for surplus funds going forward? Meaning, would you allow cash to build on the balance sheet, increase share repurchases? What are some of the parameters around the thinking in that area?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Thanks, Doug. We've kind of said we're holding our activity level. We like to execute a constant level of activity kind of through the cycle. And so that does kind of say what, as we generate the cash flow that we see the ability to generate what do we do with that. And I'd say, at this point in time, we feel comfortable with the averaging that we're – the constant level of buybacks that we're executing. We'll watch the market see how that's going. But I think you should expect to see cash probably rise on the balance sheet. And we'll also address that in a bit more detail in December. But right now that's – that's where we're heading and you'll see our net debt fall a little bit.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks a lot.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I don't know, maybe this is for Al. Al, have you guys shut-in any production in Surmont given the price that it must be pretty close to if not below your cash variable cost there?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. We have had – we talked about some of the shut-in production or curtailed production that we had back in the third quarter. I talked about on the last call that was really driven by the Syncrude outage. But in the fourth quarter we also do have some small curtailments that are driven by netbacks and trying to just maximize our cash there. But right – it will be in the round-off in terms of our production volumes in terms of the numbers.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Do you guys have any – the intention to sign a new well deal, related to the Surmont production?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Paul, yeah, we have a good bit of Surmont blend going on, on rail right now. I think in the third quarter we've had maybe something like 45% coming to the U.S., maybe 55% sold into the Edmonton trade center. These are kind of rough numbers. And then of the amount going to the U.S., it was pretty evenly split between pipe and rail, maybe a little bit more on rail than pipe.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And, Don, do you have any intention to increase that given there's some fear that situation could get far worse before you get better?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: No, yeah, that's exactly right. And even in the fourth quarter, we're going to see – I mentioned, what, 45% going to the U.S. in the third quarter. That's going to rise above 60% in the fourth quarter. And almost all that increment is on rail. So we are expanding our rail capacity.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And those are long-term minimum volume contract or are these all based on spot?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: No, these are term contracts. I don't know – they're not as long as the five-year deals that you hear about the rails are insisting. We got in and got these contracts before the terms got that onerous. So the intention is to bridge us over to the next major pipeline expansion, so a few years.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. And then the benefit you're showing up in your price realization rate already or that you're showing up somewhere else?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Say it again, Paul.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: I didn't understand it Paul.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: No, the benefit, I mean, given that if you're looking at the cost to value is much less than what the discount rate would imply. So I assume that once you value it down you get the minor price. And so that your price realization comparing to the Edmonton, if you sell it there, it would be much higher. So I guess my question is that in those volume, the benefit that you will see if you're showing up just simply on the price realization is higher than you report or is there someplace else that we should look for?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: No, it will show up in the realizations and that is going to vary from one quarter to the next. Currently pipe is going to give by far the highest realizations at least it does under our arrangements and then followed by rail. Because rail cost into say Cushing or to the Gulf Coast is generally in the – it's not in the high teens, it's more in the low teens.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. A final one for me. Ryan, there's some concern from in the industry that as we free up Permian, we're just going to shift the bottleneck in the middle of the country into the Gulf Coast because the export capability may not be sufficient by early 2020. Where do you stand in that debate? And whether you guys were trying to be more active trying to accelerate the bottleneck on the export capability.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, I'll let Don chime in as well, Paul. But, yeah, we see the same thing as most industry has been looking at is the bottleneck gets eliminated from pipe in the Permian and moves to the Gulf Coast, we'll be exporting a lot more crude. I can let Don comment on how we're thinking about that more specifically.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, Paul, we think the Gulf Coast is going to require expansion. There are plans in place in both Corpus Ingleside and Houston to expand the export capability. And we think those plans are proceeding along at a good pace. Just to give you some numbers on ConocoPhillips, we've sold probably something around 10 million barrels over the docks this year. So, that's going to vary a lot from month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter depending on whether the arbs (25:13) open or not. But on average for the year that would be about 35,000 barrels a day or in other terms, it represents about 30% of our Eagle Ford sales. Currently, we're not – we don't have transportation to the Gulf from Permian, so that's all Eagle Ford. And those exports have helped our realizations. That's one of the reasons why our realizations are so strong. In the third quarter, our waterborne barrels average WTI plus about $3 netback to the Eagle Ford lease. So, really good performance there. But just generally from an industry, you're asking about more the industry capability and the wave of Permian production coming into the Gulf. Right now, we think the Corpus Ingleside area has about 800,000 barrels a day of export capacity. And recently in August, they exported about 400,000 barrels a day. So, right now, 50% of their capability. If you move up to Houston, we estimate about 1.6 million barrels a day of export capacity at the Port of Houston. And August exports were 400,000 barrels a day, so a lot of surplus capacity in Houston. Now, Corpus has active plans to dredging and adding buoys and things like that that are going to grow export capacity over 2 million barrels a day by 2022, late 2021. So, I think a lot of this is going to depend on obviously the pace of Permian production. Just looking at the pipeline schedules, the new pipes being built out of the Permian to the Gulf Coast, it looks like those planned toward Corpus are probably going to go in first. And so we'll probably see a little bit of bottleneck at Corpus initially. But then once the pipes go in from the Permian to the Port of Houston, the ship channel come on then that should alleviate the bottleneck. So, as we look at it and back up, we think, yeah, there's probably going to be some tightness, particularly at Corpus, probably in late 2019 when these pipes start-up. But that probably – we're probably talking about bottlenecks in months, in terms of months rather than years. So we don't think this is going to be a significant problem. Now I mentioned our export capacity. I will confirm that we are and have been actively discussing expanding our capability in that regard. We think that's going to be important over the next few years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for getting me on. Can I start with a fairly asinine housekeeping question, if I may? And it's really the – I just noticed in the nonrecurring charges you're still rolling through some restructuring and impairment charges on the P&L in the third quarter. Are you guys done with your cost-cutting initiatives or is it still going on? If you could frame what – is that legacy or is it something new?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: We're chuckling to ourselves Doug. Al's got, yeah, go ahead.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, I mean, I can talk about that. Well, no, we're not done and we're never done. We despite the higher volumes that we've – the increased 25,000 barrels a day that we've had to our guidance since the start of the year, we're still planning to hit our original OpEx target, $5.7 billion. And so, we've done that by shaving about $0.25 a barrel off our unit operating cost. But as an example of one of the kinds of things we've been doing is we continue to focus on our costs even as oil prices have come back up. We recently had a reorganization in our Houston center in our Lower 48 organization and the increased productivity and organizational effectiveness that we've had there has allowed us to reduce our Houston staffing by about 10% this year, including sort of open jobs that we didn't fill. And so we have some severance costs that are associated with that. But we expect that that effort alone will allow us to decrease our Lower 48 G&A cost by about $0.30 a barrel next year. So we're continuing to work away on it. Even for us, it's not higher prices are back so we can quit focusing on that. We're continuing to work and so that's what that's associated with.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the answer. Just to be clear, again always a bit of an asinine part to that. The $5.7 billion, that includes transport, right, transportations and not OpEx?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, it's what we call our kind of controllable costs. It includes transportation. So it's got lifting costs in it including transportation, it also has G&A and other costs.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So the Alaska piece like TAPS and so on that's in there as well or not?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: What was that, the TAPS? Yeah. That's in there as well.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. That's in there as well. Okay, great. Thank you. My follow-up is really hopefully a relatively quick one. It's – obviously, Ryan you guys have set the bar pretty high as it relates to capital discipline. You've got a lot of stuff still coming online which is obviously helping the momentum on the tailwind on production. My question is, as the balance of these project spending rolls off as you get through the stuff that Al mentioned, there's also a lot of things out there that you guys appear to have been competing for. For example, Qatar LNG as well as the ramp-up in Barossa that you talked about already. So I'm just kind of curious what do you think happens to the longer-term capital plan beyond 2020? And if you could maybe give us a refresh on where you see the sustaining capital today given the inflationary environment I'd appreciate that as well. So basically two parts to that; the longer-term CapEx, assuming you've won some of those projects and what's the sustaining capital like in today's environment? I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, thanks, Doug. I can – maybe Matt can chime in on the sustaining capital, he's pretty close to that. Yeah, I'd say, we're pretty disciplined in trying to make sure we generate the free cash flow. But you're right, we have some very good projects that we're competing for and hopefully we'll be successful in North Field expansion in Qatar and we're going to – we need to backfill our LNG facility in Darwin, Northern Territories. And then ultimately, we will have more exploration discoveries coming in Alaska. So we've got things on the plate. But with that said, we have projects that are rolling off and we continue to look at the portfolio. And we continue to make adjustments in the portfolio to account for what we see coming in as capital and we'll talk some more about that. We'll describe that in more detail here in the – coming forward the 2019 plan in December and how we're thinking about that and then ultimately how we're thinking about the long term as well. But we won't lose our discipline. We won't – we'll keep a steady scope in what we're doing in the Lower 48 unconventionals. We've got some – we're starting our exploration results in the Austin Chalk. And as Al mentioned earlier, we have a stacking and spacing pilot going on in the Montney. But we're going to manage all that within the portfolio and make sure that we keep our discipline on the capital side. Specific to sustaining capital, I can let Matt chime in there.
Matthew J. Fox - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, Doug, you might remember, I think you asked me a similar question last year at the Analyst Meeting about what would happen to sustaining capital over time. And I said that we would see increases in sustaining capital but what we were actually focused on was maintaining the lower sustaining price. So what we'd anticipate moving ahead is the sustaining capital that we talked about last year was $3.5 billion or so. We'd expect that to move through next year and 2020 to $3.8 billion. So that's about the same amount of increase in sustaining capital as the increase in production. But the sustaining price is not increasing. The sustaining price is still well below $40 a barrel. So as we anticipate and we're getting some modest increases in sustaining capital over time as the production is increasing, but we're not seeing any increase in sustaining price at all.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, Matt, just to be clear, on the last call you ticked up your CapEx for this year on inflation. Has there been any inflationary impacts on that $3.8 billion?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. No, Doug, I can talk about the inflation effects on 2018 if you like. But that's not a key thing that's driving that. It's really just having a higher level of production. Like Matt said, your production goes up 10%, your sustaining cost is going to go up 10%.
Matthew J. Fox - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, so it's reflecting things like the acquisitions in Canada and so on. So it's not really – it's not inflation-driven.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. Thanks a lot guys.
Matthew J. Fox - ConocoPhillips: Alaska, sorry. Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alastair Syme of Citi. Please go ahead.
Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Thanks. Matt, this first question might follow on a little bit from that. As you look at the inventory on your cost of supply assuming that you've updated this through the summer, is the shale piece still expanding at a lower cost point? You certainly get a sense in the market that some people are saying shale is being pushed up the cost curve, so I'm interested in your observation on that?
Matthew J. Fox - ConocoPhillips: No, we have been updating our supply curve and maybe later in the year, early next year we'll be finished with that work and we can talk more about it. But what we have seen is an increase in the unconventional resource – from our existing land possessions and actually still a decrease in the cost of supply associated with that. So we are not seeing either a reduction in the resource or an increase in the cost of supply quite the reverse.
Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Okay. And is that – sorry, Matt is that spread across the shale portfolio or is it specifically the Eagle Ford or...
Matthew J. Fox - ConocoPhillips: It's spread across the shale portfolio as a whole and basically reflecting efficiencies and the changes in completion designs increasing recovery and so on. So it's across the whole portfolio.
Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: It sounds like. My follow-up just on your scenario analysis. You look at all the factors of sort of global demand and supply. How's the scenario analysis shaping up? It sounds like you still believe in unrelenting shale. Is there anything on the demand side you see?
Matthew J. Fox - ConocoPhillips: I mean so – yeah, the scenario that we're in just now would be on the supply side the unrelenting unconventionals. I mean that's still happening. And right now we're in a place of relatively high demand for our scenarios. So we're in a place where we've got supply increasing but demand matching it so we haven't really seen any change. We go through a scenario monitoring process every year and try and reassess the probabilities of those scenarios as we look out in time. And really, we haven't seen any significant change this year on how we see those playing out.
Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Great. Thanks, Matt. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bob Brackett of Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I had a follow-up on the PDVSA arbitration. Could you talk about what that means for the other ongoing arbitrations, I'm thinking with Venezuela specifically?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, Bob. This is Don. So we have two other arbitrations related to Venezuela. The biggest by far is the ICSID arbitration, which is a claim against the Republic of Venezuela for expropriation. I think, previously, we had indicated that we expected the results of that damage award to be made public in the fourth quarter of this year. And we've been since informed that that's slid, and we're being told now that those results will be announced in the first quarter of next year, 2019. The other is a smaller potential award related to an offshore development, not a heavy oil project, that was called Corocoro, and that's an ICC award or arbitration. So, I'm sure there's interest in how all these different arbitration actions relate to each other. So, what we've said is that, if ICSID, for example, comes up with a higher award, which is what we would expect, then what ICC came up with this past spring then this – we wouldn't be looking for dual recovery to the extent that they address the similar issues there would be an offset. So, one would offset the other. And we'll just have to go through the final result from ICSID to determine what additional compensation Venezuela might owe us.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So, you're saying that if the ICSID number was higher you'd sort of offset that against the already claimed ICC award?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, to the extent that they addressed the same issues. Now, there's a potential – there will probably be instances where they're dealing with different components that the ICC didn't address. In that case, it wouldn't be overlapping. But, yeah, there's a potential for a significant amount of overlap between the awards.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yeah. That's clear. Thank you very much.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Herrlin of Société Générale. Please go ahead.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Getting back to the CapEx question, fair to say that on a mix basis you're going to be still 60% plus sustaining, 20% plus short-cycle, the rest long-cycle?
Matthew J. Fox - ConocoPhillips: Well, I mean, the sustaining will be in the $3.8 billion range. This year, it's at $6.1 billion. I don't know what that ratio is, but it's roughly two-thirds, a bit less than two-thirds sustaining.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Matt.
Matthew J. Fox - ConocoPhillips: And we would expect that to stay similar, John.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. With the Montney, when will the gas price we're seeing and water be in place so you're going beyond the testing mode?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So, in the Montney, we talked in the past about the 12-well pad that we're putting in right now that's really a spacing and stacking pilot. We're drilling well number 9 right now of the 12. And in fact, well 8 that has already been drilled, we put in our proprietary fiber-optic diagnostic system. So, we're using this opportunity in appraisal mode to also collect a lot of extra data to help map out the future development of our entire acreage there. But construction is currently underway on the processing plants, the flow lines, the water handling systems; so all that is in progress. We've also made additional takeaway commitments on both the liquids and gas side there to support the next phase of appraisal and all the production that comes from that. So, you'll see all that starting to come online next year.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Latter half, Al?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Yeah, it will be in the back half of next year.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. (41:59)
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Last one for me is on dispositions. Still little things to come out like the Barnett or can you give us a sense of how much you're going to do a year, ballpark?
Matthew J. Fox - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. We announced the Barnett, the $230 million, and the Sunrise at around $350 million. So those are the ones that we've announced recently. Yeah, we would expect to continue to be taking action on the portfolio over time. And it could be lumpy, but what we sort of indicated in the past is that we could be looking at dispositions in the $1 billion to $2 billion on average over time and we – that will come in a sort of lumpy nature. But we are still looking at that aspect of the strategy to make sure that the portfolio is as strong as it can be.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Good morning.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Good morning.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess let's keep with the Canada theme here for a bit. So, big LNG project got announced for Kitimat. Would we – should we anticipate that's ultimately where a lot of the Montney gas development that you're doing would be able to go? Or should we think about it as dependent on another exit route?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Our current work that we're doing on Montney gas export so far is not going to Kitimat. It's going to more traditional routes and coming south, yeah.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And what's your identified pipeline routes for that then or other alternatives maybe locally?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. There are pipelines that come reasonably near past our acreage, some of which are getting full and new ones being built. We're not really in the mode of talking about which pipelines we're talking to right now. But, over time, we'll have to take on quite a bit of pipeline capacity to meet our full plans over a period of time.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just a question coming back to kind of the CapEx versus production growth expectations; you walked through earlier kind of the shift of $500 million from one to another in terms of completed projects and new projects. But as we think about the base spending, yet the ability to deliver growth, is the efficiency you're seeing whether that's straight-up productivity gains or just the change in well lateral lengths and so forth, is that going to then be equivalent with the rate of growth we should expect production wise?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, we certainly – you've seen with another quarter's worth of data that we're continuing to do better than the 22% CAGR that we had laid out in our Analyst Day and we'll be – we've indicated more like a 35% is what you should expect this year. And that has largely been driven by some of the outperformance that you referenced. But, of course, that also gives us a higher level of production this year that makes it harder to keep growing it. So I'm not – with what we have right now, you wouldn't expect you would keep maintaining that same kind of 35% CAGR without yet some new breakthrough that comes along that allows you to continue to have these large improvements that we've seen this year. And so, we'll see how that plays out over time. But we don't see any signs that we're at the end of the road on new ideas on the technology side and continuing to improve and continuing to get more efficient on the drilling, which has led us to more wells online this year than we had in our plan. I talked about that last quarter. That's one of the things that increased our CapEx on this year was we drilled more wells with the same number of rigs, so we got more wells to complete more production, but it does increase – has increased – one of the things that's increased our CapEx this year. So we're working on all of that for next year. And that's part of what we'll be talking with you about in December is the details around the CapEx plan and the production volumes that we expect.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks very much. I appreciate the opportunity to ask question here. So, the Big 3 up 48% year-over-year, certainly a surprise relative to our model. I was curious how those numbers were tracking relative to your own expectations. And any thoughts in terms of which of the basins are sort of surprising. And then, any early thought in terms of growth levels for the Lower 48 going into next year given your views on activity.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So Paul was onto some of the things I was just talking about. If you look at the – with the Big 3 is at 313,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the third quarter, that's up over 100,000 barrels a day from the same quarter last year. So that's the 48% growth that you're referencing. I should start out by saying that about 10 points of that is kind of a Harvey effect. So, really, to really get a more proper year-to-year look since we lost about 15,000 barrels a day in the third quarter last year due to Harvey, it's really more a 38% year-over-year growth third quarter to third quarter once you adjust for the Harvey effect. That's consistent with – last quarter, we talked about that same number was 37%, was lower in the first quarter down around 20%. But we've – that's what continues to support this idea that we're going to have about 35% growth year-over-year from the Big 3 this year even at the kind of capital levels we're at. And that has been led by the Eagle Ford. The Eagle Ford is 75,000 barrels a day of that 100,000 barrels a day year-over-year in terms of increase. The Eagle Ford's up 61% versus the same quarter last year, 44% once you adjust for Harvey. So, I think that we have gotten some extra benefit this year. Some of this is outperformance from what I talked about in the past, the Vintage 4 completions doing better than we – even better than we had expected. But it's also more wells; more wells online because we've been more efficient with our drilling. And so, as we lay out our plan for next year, we'll see what kind of numbers that produces. But I don't expect that we can continue to run the similar number of rigs that we talked about in the analyst meeting and generate a 35% CAGR over time. The math doesn't work that way. You're not going to get that kind of performance even with the outperformance that we've had. And of course, as we talked about on the last quarter call, some of this increased volume is due to the little bit higher spending on OBO, the operated by others, in Lower 48. I mentioned about a plus 7 on the last call in 2018 is from some of the increased OBO spending. That's not a huge piece, but that is part of the Lower 48, Big 3 outperformance on production.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful, Al. The follow-up is what's the team's message around M&A? It seems like you got a nice organic opportunity set here with Alaska and Willow and Qatar, and obviously the runway that you were just talking about in the Big 3, but how do you think about Conoco's role of consolidation? Or is the most – is the P50 case still that you prosecute those organic opportunities?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well, we're pretty happy, Neil, with the organic opportunity set. And you probably get tired of me saying this, but we kind of think of M&A in three brackets again. And we've been executing the first two buckets over the course of last couple of years as we've kind of got the company back on its front foot a little bit. And that's acreage buying, what we did up in the Montney, what we did in the Louisiana Austin Chalk. We're doing some of that each year every year, year in, year out. And now, we were afforded the opportunity to do a little bit of asset-level work, which is kind of how I think about Alaska with respect to the Western North Slope, the agreement that we're trying to close on Kuparuk. And we look for those opportunities. We're patient. We're persistent. We'll only pay the right price when we have an extra opportunity to improve the portfolio. And we think we did in that particular case, quite a lot, with some good adds; and getting control of our development piece over that part of the area. Now, I think you're probably referring to the large M&A and that's kind of a tough hurdle in the company because it needs to be substituted, it needs to be competitive on a constant supply basis. And with the current prices, they're still pretty frothy for large companies or small companies and some of the bigger deals that are going on right now. But we watch them, we look at them all, and we know what we like. And we're patient. We're persistent. We believe that this business is going to go through cycles. And we'll always look at it and have an opportunity when another down-cycle occurs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Devin McDermott of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Devin J. McDermott - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Good morning.
Devin J. McDermott - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I just had a quick follow-up on the Lower 48 activity plans. Last quarter, you talked about shifting a rig out of the Delaware to the Eagle Ford. And I just was wondering, as you're going through the planning for 2019 and even longer term, what would you need to see to begin to reallocate more investment or more activity to the Delaware? What you're seeing in realizations locally there?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So, we did execute on that shift of one rig from the Delaware to the Eagle Ford that we talked about on the last call. And we also did lay down a conventional rig in the Permian that we talked about on the last call. So we have done those things that we talked about. I don't see us moving a rig back to the Delaware. I don't expect that that will be in our plan for 2019. I think it will be most advantageous to do that once we see the takeaway capacity issues in the Permian getting settled out. And we, really, with the flexibility that we have and all the great opportunities we have in the Eagle Ford, we're not in a hurry to do that. And so, I think we'll use our flexibility and take our time just like we talked about on the last call in deciding when to move back. And I don't expect that it's going to be anytime in the immediate future.
Devin J. McDermott - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Makes sense. And a second question I had is really a higher level one around the philosophy on dividend growth given the bump we saw recently. How should we think about, given the strong free cash flow profile that you guys have right now, the low overall cost structure, what you view as a sustainable dividend level? And I was thinking about the cadence of growth there over the next few years or even longer-term?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, Devin, we wanted to kind of move to a fourth quarter dividend. It fits better with the cadence in the company and how we review our plans with the board, strategy – set our plans for the upcoming years. So, fourth quarter, it feels like a better cadence for us going forward. I think as you think about the dividend, I think it ought to be predictable, consistent and reliable, and you ought to count on increases on an annual basis. And so I think what we've tried to describe what we've done over the past couple of increases should be a fairly good predictor going forward.
Devin J. McDermott - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Makes sense. I'll leave it there. Thanks so much.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Devin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Simmons & Company. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez - Piper Jaffray Simmons: Hey, folks. Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Good morning.
Blake Fernandez - Piper Jaffray Simmons: Production sharing contracts have become more topical as of late and I've never really viewed Conoco as overly exposed there, but I just wanted to confirm there are no lingering hand grenades out there, I guess, that we need to address imminently.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Let me cover that one. If you look out say 10-plus years in our list of PSCs, we've got three that expire in the next 10-plus years or so. And they've all been disclosed previously in our fact sheets. So, there's really no news there. But the nearest term one is in China, Panyu, which was originally set to expire this year. We recently, not too long ago, negotiated a one-year extension, but it expires in September next year. That's about 5,000 barrels a day, net to us, so not a big volume item. Then, of course, there's Bayu-Undan that supplies the Darwin plant. We've been talking about that for a long time that we're going to be out of gas in that field out in the 2022, 2023 timeframe. So, basically, the production there goes to something approximating zero about the same time that the license ends. And then, we have Corridor in Indonesia, which we recently applied for. That PSC expires in 2023. Production will be down quite a bit from where it is now by the time you get out to 2023. It would be relatively low. But we have applied just recently for an extension to the Indonesian government for that license. And we haven't – we've been in a dialog with them, but we don't have an answer there yet. But those are the three for us in the next 10-plus years that are on the queue for expiration. But, all-in-all, I'd say they're all either low production or they're going to be low production by the time we get to the expiry date, so it's kind of a non-event for ConocoPhillips as you suspected.
Blake Fernandez - Piper Jaffray Simmons: Thank you, Al. I appreciate that. The second question, this may be more of a Don question, but I guess it's more modeling-oriented, really kind of two-fold. One, can you discuss the over-lift in the quarter, specifically, where that was and how we should think about kind of that going forward? And then secondly, just on the tax rate, the adjusted tax rate has been moving down progressively each quarter. I suspect that's because of U.S. growing, but I just – any thoughts on how we should think about that moving forward?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, Blake, as far as the over-lift on the quarter, it's about 13,000 barrels a day. Most of that was in Alaska. And yeah, it's coming from an under-lift position in Alaska in the second quarter. And as far as going forward, I would say on the year-to-date, we're pretty well balanced, actually a little bit under-lifted on the year. So, as you think about the fourth quarter, I can't really give you any guidance. I can't think of a reason why anybody would project an over-lift or an under-lift. So, as far as we're concerned, our expectation today is that sales and production would be pretty evenly matched. Of course, things can change late in the year as far as cargo liftings, but we're not in an over-lifted position on the year.
Blake Fernandez - Piper Jaffray Simmons: Okay.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: And on the effective tax rate, you noted that our effective tax rate has gone down 2 points. I think it was 39% on an adjusted basis and maybe a little bit lower, 36% or so, on a reported basis. I think that we did have higher pre-tax income in our low tax jurisdictions and in our equity affiliates which clear their tax at the affiliate level than we did in the higher tax jurisdictions during the third quarter. So that really kind of brought it down. 39% is within the range of my expectations. I think when we look at our jurisdiction mix and our production mix, generally, kind of expect it to be in that 38% to 42% most quarters, so not really a surprise there. And as far as the reported being lower than the adjusted ETR, that was mainly driven by the Venezuela settlement. So that $345 million or so has very low tax consequences to it, and so since we reported that as a special item, that brought that ETR down to 36%.
Blake Fernandez - Piper Jaffray Simmons: Helpful. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Blake.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. I think this question's for Al. You stated obviously you've some good results in the Eagle Ford. I think you're probably, what, producing around 200,000 barrels a day net in that basin. As you look forward, what do you think? And this is an all-time record, if I'm not mistaken for you. What is your capacity to continue to grow there? Where do you think it could get to? And is there a point at which you guys are going to be more of a sustenance mode there or is that quite a ways out?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. You're right, Scott. We are at about 200,000 barrels a day. In the third quarter, we had made 198,000 barrels a day in the Eagle Ford. And we have recently signed up for additional stabilization and takeaway capacity there because the Eagle Ford has grown faster this year than we had originally projected we've had to sign up court earlier. But I think I mentioned this on a previous call that third-party capacity was readily available in the Eagle Ford given all the shift of others to the Delaware. And so, we found that we can continue to grow without having to spend much money on infrastructure because it was overbuilt by others. So, there's still more room for us to run there and more room for us to grow. I'm not going to predict an exact number, but we certainly – we're not in the flattening out mode like we have talked about in the Bakken where we were looking to kind of hold steady. The Eagle Ford is going to continue to grow for quite some period of time. It's not the – the flat spot on is not in sight. It's not something that's going to happen next year.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Understood. Thanks. And one question on Cenovus ownership. What are sort of the current thoughts? Anything changed on that? And I know you all are patient in the way you look at things, but can you frame for us how you think about that right now?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, Scott, there's really nothing new. We talk about this every quarter, but we do have a value expectation on Cenovus. We've said before, I think, that we felt like it was undervalued. Looking at the price today, we think it's even more undervalued. So, fortunately, our liquidity position, our cash balances afford us the opportunity to be patient. We think Cenovus is on the right track. Obviously, we've got some headwinds with the transportation takeaway issues up there. But we think they're doing the right things and we think the market will eventually reward them.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Understood. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Scott. And Christine, this is Ellen. We'll take our last question now, if you don't mind, so we respect people's time.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for squeezing me in. Quick one about the LNG in Australia. With Brent close to four-year highs, what has been the response in LNG pricing in the spot market? And how, just as a reminder, is your off-take agreement structured vis-à-vis the slope versus Brent?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Good try, Pavel. I'll try to take that one, but you know we don't provide information on the slopes and exact pricing. I think the furthest that we'll go is to confirm that all of our LNG contracts, Australia and elsewhere, are Brent-linked. And so we're not going to get into the details of that. As far as the commitments that we have in Australia, our customers are in both China and Japan. They're long-term contracts. Again, they're Brent-linked contracts. Generally speaking, the buyers have some flexibility in how much they take in any one year, so they may in any particular year vary their commitment down by 10% or up to 10%. LNG demand, as you know, is quite strong, so our largest buyers are in China, are looking at taking their full commitments as we go forward. So what the long-term commitment off-takers don't take, we do sell into the spot market and we've been pretty pleased with the spot prices that we've received so far this year.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I can add, Pavel, that we've had about – we've been averaging about two cargoes a quarter of spot cargoes. And like Don said, we've been quite pleased with the pricing we've been getting on those the last few quarters.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And what percentage is that of the LNG volume?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: We had 29 cargoes in the third quarter, 87 year-to-date after three quarters, so it's less than 10%.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Clear enough. Appreciate it, guys.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Pavel, and thanks, everybody, for joining the call today. By all means, reach back to us if you have any questions and enjoy the rest of the day. Thank you and thank you, Christine.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips
Analysts: Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. John P. Herrlin - Société Générale Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Devin J. McDermott - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2018 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kristine and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Kristine, and thanks to our participants for joining our second quarter earnings call today. Our presenters will be Don Wallette, EVP of Finance, Commercial and our Chief Financial Officer; and Al Hirshberg, our EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects. Our cautionary statement is shown on page two of today's deck. During the call, we will make some forward-looking projections and results could differ due to the factors noted here and also in our periodic filings with the SEC. One more final administrative point, we may also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today and that's really to help facilitate comparisons across periods and with peers. For any non-GAAP measures we use, a reconciliation to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found on our website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Ellen. Good morning all. I'll start on slide 4. I'm going to go quickly through this but want to add some color to a few of the points on the slide. Starting on the left, solid operating performance and higher oil prices have allowed us to continue advancing our strategic priorities. During the quarter, we completed our debt reduction program and achieved our $15 billion debt target. We've reduced balance sheet debt by nearly half since 2016. We're in a strong financial position now and we're happy with our balance sheet, so we don't plan to reduce debt any further. Achieving the debt target allowed us to consider additional shareholder distributions. And you've seen our recent announcement, where we plan to increase our buybacks this year to $3 billion. And going into 2019, we'll have a remaining authorization to repurchase up to $9 billion of shares over the coming years. This highlights our expectation that buybacks will continue to be an important component in addition to dividends of our shareholder distribution philosophy. Moving to the financial column, our adjusted earnings were $1.3 billion, the ninth consecutive quarter of adjusted earnings growth. But I want to draw your attention to cash flow. Cash from operations in the quarter was $3.2 billion. Cash flow has been running high relative to the sensitivities we provided last November. The main reasons are that production is higher than we projected and the increases in production are coming mainly from high margin, unconventionals that currently have no cash tax. Also, interest expense is lower as a result of the accelerated reduction in debt. So last November I gave you a reference point for 2018 that at $50 WTI, we generate CFO of about $7 billion, which at $65 WTI translates to a bit higher than $10 billion. That's turned out to be too low. So, we've recalibrated in light of our current outlook. The new reference point I'd give you is that at $65 WTI, we'd expect to generate CFO between $11.5 billion and $12 billion depending on differentials. The cash flow sensitivities in the appendix remain unchanged based on this new reference point. And if you apply these sensitivities based on forward prices using that reference point, then you'll see that it implies a CFO estimate for 2018 of over $12 billion. I think that the market hasn't yet fully appreciated the cash-generating capability of our assets. So we wanted to provide an update that better reflects the company's performance and considers the higher price environment. And by the way, just to refer back to our financial strength, based on these estimates, our net debt to CFO leverage ratio would be a little under 1. Moving now to the far right column, you'll see a number of our operational milestones achieved during the quarter. Al is going to cover these when we get to the operational review and also take you through the adjustments we're making to the guidance items. Let's go to slide 5 and I'll touch on the quarter's earnings. Sequentially, earnings were up almost 15%, driven by realized prices and partially offset by higher operating costs associated with seasonal turnarounds and maintenance activity. Compared to the year ago quarter, adjusted earnings improved by over $1.1 billion, primarily driven by a 50% improvement in realizations. The table on the bottom right side of the slide shows a comparison of year-over-year adjusted earnings by segment. The table demonstrates not only the strong benefit of our Brent linked portfolio, but also the benefit from having a large diversified portfolio, which mitigates the corporate impact of operational disruptions and regional market dislocations. If you turn to slide 6, I'll wrap up with a look at cash flows during the quarter. We began the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $5.5 billion. We've talked about the strong second quarter cash from operations. So moving to the right, the first red brick shows $2 billion of capital. And this includes the $400 million Alaska Western North Slope bolt-on acquisition. Next, we used $2.1 billion to retire debt, which achieved our debt target of $15 billion. We paid $300 million of dividends and repurchased $600 million of shares and ended the quarter with over $4 billion of cash and short-term investments. The bottom line, cash from operations exceeded CapEx by $1.2 billion. This free cash flow more than funded the dividend and share repurchases, which together represented a return of capital to shareholders of about 30%. Now, I'll hand the call over to Al to cover operations.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Don. I'll provide a brief overview of our second quarter operations highlights and discuss our outlook for the remainder of the year. Please turn to slide 8. Total production for the second quarter, excluding Libya, averaged 1,211,000 barrel of oil equivalent per day. This result was just above the high end of the second quarter guidance range, primarily driven by Eagle Ford and Bakken outperformance but also benefiting from an additional 5,000 barrels per day from the Western North Slope acquisition. Underlying production grew 5% on an absolute basis and 34% on a per debt-adjusted share basis. We had a good quarter in our Big 3 unconventionals. On a combined basis, they averaged 292,000 barrels equivalent per day, resulting in 37% growth year-on-year and we exited the quarter at over 300,000 barrels a day from the Big 3, achieving this milestone well ahead of plan. In the second quarter, by play, Eagle Ford averaged 182,000 barrels per day; Bakken 82,000 barrels per day; and the Delaware averaged 28,000 barrels per day. As you know, we have seasonal turnarounds in the second and third quarters each year. Our second quarter shutdowns were completed safely on budget and on time. Our third quarter turnarounds are underway and also going according to plan. In Canada, an outage of third party synthetic diluent resulted in a production curtailment late in the quarter and continuing into July. We're actively working to mitigate the impact of these kinds of third party outages by implementing the capability to run condensate as an alternative to synthetic crude oil diluent. This capability will not only reduce the amount of diluent required, but also improve our ongoing flexibility and our netbacks. During the quarter, we made good progress on multiple conventional projects in Alaska, Asia Pacific and Europe. We also announced the completion of the Western North Slope bolt-on. And in July, we announced the Greater Kuparuk and Clair transactions. Once we receive regulatory approval, these transactions will further core up our Alaska business to give us flexibility to manage the pace, level and timing of our future investments there. And last week we announced that our 2018 winter drilling season in Alaska confirmed gross discovered resources of between 0.5 billion and 1.1 billion barrels oil equivalent, with significant undrilled upside remaining. We also announced that we now expect to develop Willow as a standalone hub. Detailed work is underway to evaluate development options and to plan the 2019 exploration and appraisal drilling program. So another quarter of strong execution. Now I'll discuss the operations outlook for the remainder of the year on slide nine. We're adjusting our 2018 operating plan to account for our higher production performance and the significantly higher prices we're continuing to see compared to our reference price of $50 a barrel WTI at budget time. Our capital guidance for the year is being adjusted to $6 billion, excluding acquisitions. We have continued to maintain our discipline with no net increases in our operated drilling and project scope. The roughly 10% capital increase is driven by three reasons, all in the Lower 48: one, increased partner operated activity; two, increased efficiency at operated assets leading to more completions with the same number of rigs; and three, inflation. The partner-operated increase reflects a business decision to participate in strong return projects and comes with increased production. The increased operated efficiency leading to additional completions and additional wells online is a contributor to our operated production coming in above expectations. The inflation impact is actually less than we would have predicted based on a $15 to $20 move above our assumed $50 oil price but that's because we continue to offset some of the pressure in the Lower 48 both with our supply chain strategy and from other parts of the business. With wider differentials in Midland, we're taking advantage of our flexibility and stronger LLS pricing in the Gulf Coast to shift an unconventional rig in the Delaware Basin to the Eagle Ford. And we're also laying down our one conventional rig in the Permian Basin. Our adjusted capital plan is also bringing incremental production with it. Since the beginning of the year, we've increased our full year production guidance by 25,000 barrels a day at the midpoint to midpoint. Our new full year production guidance is 1,225,000 to 1,255,000 barrels equivalent per day. These are all good margin barrels and now contribute to strong momentum going into 2019. Based on this updated guidance, we expect to deliver 6% underlying production growth in 2018, including our upsized share repurchases and our debt repayment that translates to 9% production growth per share and about 20% production growth per debt adjusted share. Our third quarter production guidance is 1,215,000 to 1,255,000 barrels per day, reflecting the continuation of our turnaround season. The guidance range also accounts for a partial quarter of continued third party outage in Canada, which is offset by additional high margin growth from the Big 3 unconventional plays. We have some catalysts coming before year-end that will also provide good momentum going into 2019. Before the end of the year, we expect to achieve first production from GMT-1 in Alaska, Aasta Hansteen in Norway, Bohai Phase 3 in China, Clair Ridge in the U.K. where we still retain a 7.5% interest, and the final phase of Bayu-Undan development in Australia. On the exploration front, we're continuing our appraisal work in the Montney and we expect to spud the first of a four-well Louisiana Austin Chalk program in the third quarter. Finally, planning is underway for the 2019 Alaska exploration season. Our priority will be on further appraising and testing the Greater Willow Area in order to advance our development plans. We had a strong first half of the year and our entire team is focused on successfully executing the second half of our 2018 operating plan. Now I'll turn the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good afternoon. First question has to be for Al. Maybe you can just elaborate a little bit more on the unconventional side of things. Obviously, you've hit your target here two quarters early. So if you could maybe refresh that for us at a high level. And then maybe also just give us some color because you are shifting some rigs around. So to the extent Eagle Ford's taking away from the Permian a little bit and I guess, more broadly how this fits in with the 2020 plan you outlined back in November.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. Thanks, Phil. I guess, as you mentioned, we did – I guess, back in January on the 4Q call, I indicated that we thought the Big 3 unconventionals and Lower 48 would hit an exit rate above 300,000 by the end of the year. And then on the last call, I foreshadowed that it looked like based on our latest vintages of completions and the efficiencies we were seeing that we were going to hit 300,000 considerably earlier in the year. And then what ended up happen is we actually had our first day over 300,000 was back in mid May. So we – both May and June were above 300,000. So it did come quite a bit earlier and really driven by all the things you hear us talking about in terms of improved efficiency and effectiveness of our completions. So I also said last quarter, when we were – in the first quarter, we were up 20% year-over-year on Big 3 production. And I told you I didn't expect you to be impressed by that and that really wasn't a number we were proud of because we had promised 22% or better. So, now, we're at 37%. Second quarter we were up year-over-year 37% on production in the Big 3. And I think that is a number I'm proud of. That number is more like what you should expect for a full year kind of number. I think we're going to beat the 22% by that much. So 22% to 37%, an extra 15 percentage points of growth from the Big 3 in 2018 is pretty significant progress I would say.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And, I guess, maybe if you could just – if you have any color on this, how you would tie this into the outlook you had going out to 2020 from the Analyst Day for your unconventional business? Obviously, huge growth plan in terms of Permian but you're slowing a little but Eagle Ford is well ahead of your expectations.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So with the one rig that we're shifting, so we had six rigs. The plan that we laid out at the Analyst Meeting for activity in the Big 3 was an 11-rig program. And that plan was six rigs in the Eagle Ford and three rigs in the Delaware and two rigs in the Bakken. And so now what we're doing is shifting one of those three Delaware rigs to the Eagle Ford, so we'll have seven in the Eagle Ford and two in the Delaware. And so that will shift volumes a little bit as well, obviously, particularly as we go into next year. And we expect that the wide Midland differentials are going to last through next year. And so I expect that this shifting of that rigs, still totaling 11, will carry into next year and will impact our volumes. And we'll update on that when we set our plans for 2019. But, obviously, with this considerably higher growth rate that we've had, even just running the 11 rigs, you remember our Dakota ring from the Analyst Meeting is, obviously, getting ready to change again. We've had another year of increased efficiency and so that is allowing us to do more with the same number of rigs. And so, I think, you can expect that you're going to see a continued improving story there.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I guess one more thing I might add that's a piece of the story is that you – we've talked about our different vintages of completions at the Eagle Ford. And when we laid our plan out at the Analyst Day last November that was based on what we call Vintage 4 completion of the Eagle Ford. And but we had just started using Vintage 4 in the third quarter of last year. And we can see, it was quite a bit better than Vintage 3. But by Analyst Day, we hadn't had enough runtime to see just how good it was. So, I think that is one of the key things that's allowing Eagle Ford to outperform is that the Vintage 4 completions are giving us better performance than what we had assumed at the time of the Analyst Day. Of course, we're now testing Vintage 5, so we'll see where that takes us next.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: When would you expect those results?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: We've drilled a couple of – we've completed a couple of Vintage 5 wells and the first one is going to come on production here in the next few weeks, so we don't have any production data yet. But it's coming soon.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks a lot. Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hi, Neil.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, Al. Thanks for all the color. I want to start on the cash flow sensitivity because I thought that was incremental. Could you rattle through those numbers again of what you moved the baseline to and from and the anatomy of what changed in that cash flow sensitivity? How much of the higher baseline that we should be anchoring to as a result of production versus cost versus price realizations? Helping us break down that framework would be helpful.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Okay, Neil, how are you this morning? This is Don. I just want to address your first question on the math that I went through in the opening section. But, I think, in November what I was referring to, as I told you, that based on our outlook of $50 WTI, we would expect $7 billion of cash from operations. And so the new baseline I was giving you, moving the price up to $65 WTI. Now we're seeing that at between $11.5 billion and $12 billion, whereas if you had used the November reference point and applied the cash flow sensitivities that we published, you would have only come up with about $10 billion. So we've noticed that every analyst has been running low and we think it's because we've given you some guidance that's out of date and that's why we wanted to update that. So the new reference point, the new baseline $65 WTI, we should be in the $11.5 billion to $12 billion of cash flow. This is for 2018 that I'm talking about, right? And so that range is there because it's going to depend on the Brent-WTI differential. And as far as the anatomy, I mean, the company has been changing at a very rapid pace, obviously, a lot of dynamics here, but I'd point to production consistently running above guidance and to the point where we had to update guidance today, added another 20,000 to midpoint. So that's one reason that's driving the higher cash flows. The other is where we're getting that extra production. And these are the high margin unconventional wells. They're the low cost, the high netback. But also importantly for the time being and for the next few years, it's no cash taxes. So tremendous contribution to operating cash flows. And then the other area that's contributing is that we paid the debt down a lot earlier than we expected, a year and a half early. And so our interest rate has come down quite a bit and that wasn't built into – that acceleration wouldn't have been built into the previous reference point or sensitivities.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Well, I appreciate the color on that, Don. And then just another item, where I think we've gotten some questions this morning on the $500 million increase in CapEx and on this call, you've done a good job of breaking it down to three buckets: completion, inflation and partner-operated volumes. And you said cost inflation was a relatively small piece of that $500 million increase. Can you kind of help us frame out the different buckets here? And then what does this portend for 2019 and the go-forward CapEx?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. Sure, Neil, I'll take that one. As I said, the $500 million increase to CapEx is all in the Lower 48. But it's not a sign that we're ramping up our drilling activity and our CapEx to take advantage of higher prices. I certainly wouldn't characterize it that way. We've maintained discipline on our operated activities and we really are exactly following the plan that we laid out at the Analyst Meeting in November. As our partner-operated ballots have almost tripled versus last year and as we've had more completions and more wells online due to our increased efficiency and our faster drilling times and as inflation due to higher prices has kicked in, we could have reduced our activity to offset and restrain CapEx and keep it at the $5.5 billion. But given that, as Don was just talking about, these are very good high-margin volume adds, this work and because we've been beating all our targets for all our priorities, increasing the dividend, reducing our debt early, above target on shareholder distributions, we're above target on improving our ROCE and our CROCE as we talked about at Analyst Meeting, and finally, given that our supply chain strategy has allowed us to continue to access our contracted services at acceptable prices, for all those reasons, we've chosen not to try to offset or reduce activity and we've allowed this 10% increase in the budget. So let me give you the pieces. The operated by others piece is $0.2 billion. And that's primarily in the Bakken, is the biggest area where we're seeing that. The increased efficiency and increased completions in wells online is also about $0.2 billion. And that is something we're seeing – I would characterize that as about two-thirds in the Eagle Ford, one-third in the Bakken. And then inflation, the last piece is only about a tenth. We're, as I said, earlier seeing offsets both from our supply chain strategy and also from our international business that are keeping that number quite a bit smaller than you might expect. Earlier in the year, we said that in a $10 high or a $60 world, we would expect an extra $200 million to $300 million of CapEx due to increased inflation. And, of course, we're in an even higher price world than that. But we've managed to keep it down to more like $100 million. And so it's – actually inflation is lower than what we would have projected with our models for this price environment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks everybody. Good morning. Al, this is kind of a wildcard question, I guess, given the change in activity in the Delaware. But I'm just curious what happens to the production rate in the Delaware with the lower activity? And would you still consider, given everything else in the portfolio, that the Delaware is still core to ConocoPhillips?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, I think the Delaware – obviously, we still haven't gotten to a full manufacturing mode there and it's relatively early days for us. We don't see these big efficiencies going across time like we have in the places where we're in manufacturing mode like the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. But we view the price situation, the differentials there as a temporary situation obviously. And so we have flexibility and we should exercise it. There's no reason to try and spend money to grow production hard into that kind of headwind when you have the flexibility that we do. And when adding an extra rig in the Eagle Ford instead moving that rig to the Eagle Ford is, that is prime acreage we'll be drilling with that rig. And remember, that's less than $2 a barrel lifting cost and super high margin, so it just makes easy sense for us. The reason that we're keeping two rigs in the Delaware frankly is that we do have drilling that we still need to do to maintain our leases there. And we need two rigs really to do it efficiently, to continue to drill quad pads and still maintain our lease obligations, we really need to run two rigs. I mentioned earlier also that we have taken a fourth Permian rig. It's not Delaware, but we had one Permian conventional rig and have laid it down at this point and won't run any rigs in the Permian conventional for the rest of the year.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So just to be clear, is the Delaware still a core part of the ConocoPhillips portfolio?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, absolutely. And even with one less rig, I think we'll still roughly hit our production number for 2018. Obviously, it'll impact 2019. Eagle Ford volumes in 2019 will be higher and Delaware volumes lower than what we had at the time of the Analyst Meeting.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. My follow-up, if I may, is, first of all, as Andy (00:29:51) will tell you, I'm going to take exception with Don's comment about every analyst in the cash flow. My numbers no longer look stupid, so thank you for that.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: (00:30:00).
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But I do want to ask a question, Don, about use of cash because clearly at that run rate, you're generating a ton of cash beyond even your buyback plan. And, I guess, what's embedded in my commentary is the Venezuela situation, the CVE equity plus this strong cash flow. What do you think is a good run rate on the potential – maybe an update on the Venezuela potentially from a – potential, do you get proceeds from that and redeploy them to the buyback as well. How should we think about that going forward?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, were you talking about the run rate on the buybacks, Doug?
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. It's really because you've got organic cash flow, but then you've got this Cenovus stock and then you've got potentially settlements in Venezuela.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then, obviously, it looks like there's a wall of cash potentially over the next two or three years if oil prices stay at these levels.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, should we look at a $3 billion annual run rate?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, yeah, I can't give you guidance on the run rate. But you know that basically what our philosophy is, which is, one, we're making sure that we meet or exceed our targets on shareholder distributions as a percentage of CFO. You know that we want to be competitive with the majors on distribution yield and we want to be distinctive to the E&P peers. And you know the philosophy on dollar cost average and we try not to time the market. We want to be in the market at a reasonably steady rate over time. We bought back $3 billion of shares last year. We're going to buyback $3 billion of shares this year. But it really doesn't suggest anything as far as 2019. And we'll just have to see what the environment is. But I agree with you, Doug. I mean, at these current prices, we're generating a ton of cash flow and we've got these other things out there, like you mentioned, the Cenovus stock that we're not going to hang on to forever. So, yeah, there's going to be a lot of choices and a lot of opportunities going forward. You asked about the Venezuela situation. There's not really...
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, I don't want to hog the call but, obviously, there's been some, obviously, a lot of news around this and more to come probably. I don't know if there's any realistic chance you get any cash from that in the near term, but your perspective would be appreciated.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, like I said before, we intend to recover what's owed to us fully. And we're, as you've seen, we've been fairly aggressive and will be persistent in that. And I can confirm what the Head of PDVSA and the Energy Minister said a few weeks ago publicly that PDVSA and ConocoPhillips are in discussions and that's accurate. We are in discussions. But I really don't have anything further to add to that.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Good morning, everybody.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Good morning, Doug.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Doug.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Hi, Doug.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Al, I just wanted to clarify the point that you made on spending a minute ago meaning while you guys are only spending about 30% or maybe even less than 30% of what you're spending a few years ago and still a disciplined plan. I just kind of wanted to get your perspective on how the three factors that you talked about that drove the increase in spending are trending, meaning are they becoming more onerous, less onerous or about the same? Or bit differently, Al, do you consider them to be manageable depending on the economics of the wells, meaning, are the economics so positive that this is a spending that you want to do and the factors really aren't something that you can't offset somewhere else anyway?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, I mean, the word onerous doesn't come to mind for me...
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: ...because I – I mean, we have flexibility. This is money that is really bringing big benefits with it. And so we think shareholders want us to spend this money. Let me – maybe it would help if I talked about our 2018 volumes beat (00:34:14) and how that relates to the CapEx and to kind of tie those two together.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Since our original guidance during the 4Q call back in January for the year, we've increased 25,000 barrels a day on midpoint, so our midpoint's moved from 1,215,000 to 1,240,000 barrels per day. And there's just a few big pieces that kind of drive that. You know about the negative 20,000 that we have at KBB from the third party pipeline outage. That negative 20,000 is in – there's a lot of 2s and 3s and 4s but leaving those aside, the big numbers is roughly offset by plus 10,000 in Europe that you've heard me talk about before where we're having a good year in Europe on our base production there and our uptime. And about plus 10,000 from acquisition A&D kind of activity. That offsets that 20,000. So then that takes you back to zero. The plus 25,000 is all coming from the Big 3 really from the Big 2. It's plus 15,000 in Eagle Ford and plus 10,000 in the Bakken. And so you can do the math and see that we get a lot of cash flow from that extra 25,000 from those very high margin barrels. So where does that 25,000 come from? It's roughly a third, a third, a third matching up with some of the same reasons that drive our CapEx. A third of that extra 25,000 is coming from partner-operated, primarily in the Bakken. Actually the number is – we're getting about an extra 7,000, we think in 2018 from the higher OBO spend. And that number is held down by partial year effects. You're spending the money during calendar 2018 so you get 7,000, but we would expect to get about twice that amount of increased volume in 2019 from this extra $200 million OBO spend, so it's very effective money. It varies but generally speaking, these ballots, these partner ballots are typically 30% IRR at $50 WTI or better and so it's that kind of investment.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: And then on the next third is on wells online on the operated side. So this is the higher efficiency. It's about two-thirds Eagle Ford, one-third Bakken. We're getting about a plus 9,000 there from that extra $200 million that we're spending on completions. And we could – when we see we're more efficient, we're drilling more wells with the 11 rigs we could build DUCs. We could lay down a rig or two. But we don't think that's smart. We drill a well, we think you should complete the well. These are great wells, and so that's an extra 9,000 there. And then the last 9,000 or so that makes the 25,000, the last third, is really three. It's from the thing I was talking about earlier of the Vintage 4 completions in the Eagle Ford outperforming. All of that 9,000 is really coming from the Eagle Ford. So that's how you get the plus 15,000 in the Eagle Ford and a plus 10,000 in the Bakken, it's those kind of three effects.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay, that's very helpful Al. And then also on Greater Sunrise there was an agreement recently about maritime boundaries, which suggests that we're having progress on the next phase of that project but there's a lot of crosscurrents too. So I wanted to see if you could give us an update on the status of that project and specifically what ConocoPhillips needs to see for this project to progress over the next several years?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I'm sorry. I missed the very beginning. You're talking about Sunrise project?
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: I was, yeah.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, yeah. Okay, well, there was progress on the maritime boundaries. That part's true. And – but in order for Sunrise to move forward, the government is involved, there's really two governments involved in Sunrise still even with the new boundaries, have to reach an agreement to some kind of reasonable development plan that will be economic. And there – it is one of the potential competitors to backfill Darwin. But one of the two governments isn't interested in that option right now. And so Barossa has moved ahead, entered FEED about a quarter ago and is in the lead position for that Darwin backfill. And that's going to make it difficult for Sunrise to move into development anytime in the near future. It's – the way the government wants to develop it makes it a uneconomic project. And so something is going to have to change there before it's going to move forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning...
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hi, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: ...for your time and good afternoon for my time. Al, you talked – you earlier there – talking about ABB (sic) [KBB] (00:39:27). Is there any update? Are we still expecting by year-end that could respond or that being put out further now?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, KBB in the new guide, volumes guidance we gave a little while ago, we're assuming that KBB is essentially down for the rest of the year that we don't get those volumes back. There could be – there has been steady progress on the repair work. And so, there could be, say, in the fourth quarter of this year some volumes for testing the line once it's – they're ready to get back into some kind of operating mode, where they have a test mode for a while. But we're certainly not counting on that. Right now, we're just assuming that we don't get any significant uptime out of that line between now and the end of the year.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I'm actually – I think the other way, there was the risk that they won't even restart by year-end and (00:40:30).
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Oh, I see. Well, yes, there is a risk of that.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: But do you think – is that big one or – I mean, when we're looking at...
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: ...the next year, should we assume that KBB is back up?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I mean, I think we'll address that as we get further in the year and get ready to put out late this year what our numbers are for 2019, so it's a little early. But I think the signs that I see, of course, its third party, we have no ownership and no control or direct knowledge really, we're just providing some technical assistance until we get some insights. It looks to me like it is progressing well on schedule to be back up by the 1st of next year. So I don't think it's a big risk, but there could still be surprises and so it certainly is a risk.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And in your latest full year production guidance comparing to last quarter, you're up about 15,000 BOPD. Is that a billion (00:41:33) – any of the gain from the recent asset swap deal like BP or that the purchase from Anadarko?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. It's actually up 20,000, Paul, versus the midpoint to midpoint from last quarter. And, no, we're not including anything. The BP deal would actually be about a plus 30,000 on a full year, if you included it. But that's waiting on regulatory approvals, which we are not assuming any volumes from that in these numbers.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So, this volume is all organic, it's not related to M&A activities?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, well there is the WNS deal, which one quarter ago had not gotten regulatory approval yet. We got regulatory approval in May. And so, we have included those volumes now in the year-end number and that's about a 7,000.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So, now of the 20,000 is 7,000, is that?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then the next two is probably for Don. Don, on the cash retirement (00:42:40) you guys gave 20% to 30% target payout. That's probably based on a much lower price range that you guys are using. And with the price swing, just for argument's sake if we go into something as $70 to $80, should we assume that that range will be changed also, will be higher?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, no, I don't think necessarily so, Paul. I think the 20% to 30% is still good, but we still kind of consider the 20% to 30% to be sort of a minimum target. We exceeded that by a great amount last year and there's a good chance that we'll exceed that this year. I kind of hope not, because that means our cash flow is even stronger than what I had suggested earlier.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Herrlin of Société Générale. Please go ahead.
John P. Herrlin - Société Générale: Yeah. Just some quick ones for Al since so much has been asked. With the Eagle Ford is all the activity new drills or are you doing any recompletions? That's number one. Number two, with the Austin Chalk, is that a first quarter postmortem more or less given the third quarter start?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. On the first question, I mean, the Eagle Ford is really – the numbers are driven by new drills, but we are doing some recompletions, particularly in situations where we do what we call defensive refracs, where we have an area where we have a pressure depleted zone and we're drilling a new child well next to a parent well that sort of thing. But that's not a key driver in the volumes beat (00:44:19), but there is some of that activity going on. And then on the Louisiana Austin Chalk we have a four-well – one rig four well plan for appraisal. And the first well we expect to spud probably in September. So, yes, I think it'll be well into next year, maybe the first quarter or maybe – might even not be by then before we have an assessment, have drilled and completed and assessed all four of those wells and have a report back for you.
John P. Herrlin - Société Générale: Okay. Last one for me, Al. You mentioned your vintages of completions with the Eagle Ford. Clearly you're getting more recovery. What about IP decline rates? Is it flattening at all for you or is it still the same?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, I mean, we are getting higher IPs and when you get higher IPs, you typically get a higher decline rate early on also. But part of what we've learned from those wells that we didn't know back at Analyst Meeting time when we only had a few months of runtime with them is that we are getting a better overall profile as well. And so that's helping us with our production. That's the kind of thing that's driving that extra 9,000 barrels a day from the Eagle Ford.
John P. Herrlin - Société Générale: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alastair Syme of Citi. Please go ahead.
Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Hi. Just a very quick question for Don. On the clarification around the cash tax, did you say you think probably two years would be a good estimate for using up the tax position in North America?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, Alastair, that is really hard to try to forecast. A lot of moving parts and especially prices. So I think the way that we're looking at it now, if you assume constant prices like 2018 prices continued going forward, then it's probably 2020 or beyond maybe 2021, 2022 somewhere in that range.
Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Okay. Well, that's all I had. Thank you.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Hi, Roger.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess, a lot of it has been hit here. But I was curious APLNG no real discussion here of that. Maybe how that fits into the cash flow sensitivity, maybe remind us how the dividends get paid out there. And does the joint venture have any debt it needs to pay down before maybe cash flow could even get better out of there?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yes, Roger. So we ended up having the two dividend payments during the second quarter. I talked about the first one during the first quarter call because we didn't record it in the first quarter but it had been declared. And so it's just going to be a subsequent event, so I felt like I needed to talk about that since it was going to be a disclosure. So we had the $105 million and then we just had the $85 million later in the quarter. So a little bit under $200 million. I think – let me talk about the timing of the dividends too because they are designed around some of the financing obligations, the payments that we make, which tend to occur – they do occur in the first and third quarters. So that combined with when we're making tax payments really point us towards the second quarter being a dividend distribution period from APLNG and then the fourth quarter. So I think it's important when you guys start looking at the quarterly cash flows, you're going to see that $200 million or you've seen the $200 million in the second quarter. We won't see that at all in the third quarter. So that you need to adjust your cash flows for that. And then they come back in the fourth quarter. And, I mean, if prices stay where they are today then we would expect similar distributions in the fourth quarter to what we've seen in the second quarter. Now going forward, I do expect distributions to increase in 2019 even at constant prices. And the reason for that is that the joint venture has been pretty aggressive on the upstream side in particular this year in reducing operating costs, having a pretty significant impact there. So next year, we'll have the full year benefit of that plus we won't be offsetting some of that as we are this year with severance costs that are associated with the reductions. And then the other item is that we see the potential for being able to reduce the interest expense at APLNG as part of the project financing. And so don't know how much more the distributions would be under constant pricing in 2019, but they will be higher.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Al, could you talk a little bit about the Bakken and maybe some context on the Eagle Ford as well? Both areas are at or near, I guess, peak net production levels for you guys. And obviously, in the Eagle Ford, you talked about the improved generation of completions. Are you seeing a similar type of improvement in recent (00:50:02) completion technology in the Bakken as well, or is it just from that higher non-op activity level you saw the sharp ramp there? And a question then for both basins, is there – obviously with production at the highest level that you guys have really seen to this point, any kind of constraints there, or is there plenty of capacity in those areas?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Sure. Okay. Well, we start with the Bakken. Last quarter, remember back during our Analyst Meeting, we told you of the Big 3, the Bakken was the one we were going to run two rigs and try to hold it roughly flat at 70,000 barrels a day. And yet last quarter we came in at 82,000 barrels a day. So obviously it is outperforming. That's up 19% year-over-year for the Bakken production. And, yes, definitely a part of that is improved completion performance and faster drilling times. We've also made some progress here just recently on our well designs to significantly deke (00:51:08) another kind of step change down on the cost of our wells. And so the Bakken, that outperformance, 82,000 versus 70,000 is on the order of half of it might be coming from the OBO and maybe the other half is coming from the kind of outperformance. And some of that OBO is from OBO outperformance as well. In the Eagle Ford, we're up 42% year-over-year on the quarter. So it's really that Vintage 4 that I talked about having a significant impact for us. We're also continuing to drive greater efficiency there and are having more wells drilled, and so that's a key part of that Eagle Ford outperformance as well. The Vintage 5 will – could take us a next step up. We'll just have to see how that turns out. But all of this has given us strong momentum into 2019. With the extra 15 points of growth that we're seeing here in the Big 3, you can see how that's going to give us a really strong exit rate and carry us strongly into 2019. In terms of the constraints, we're not seeing anything with what we're doing, because we're in kind of steady state mode. And we even had a little bit of catch up to do on completions work in the first half and will actually have less for our crews running in the second half than we did in the first half. So we're not running in any kind of constraints in terms of our services. And certainly on the takeaway type constraints, we don't have enough production in the Permian for it to matter to us really. We're not seeing a problem in the Bakken. In the Eagle Ford, the issue we're getting into is that our production is growing so much faster than we expected. We have had to sign up for some additional export capacity, but there's plenty of third party available. We've been out in the market continuing to get great prices for that. And so we are having to add some additional commitments for takeaway in the Eagle Ford given the higher production.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Devin McDermott of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Devin J. McDermott - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I just had a quick follow-up on some of the earlier questions on CapEx. I think the additional guidance and color on 2018 is very helpful. I was just thinking about it in the context of the multi-year plan you laid out at the Analyst Day, which referred to roughly $5.5 billion per year as the targeted spend level. How should we think about that in the context of the $6 billion for this year? Is this a good new run rate number based on the current pricing environment? How should we think about carrying that forward? I know I'm asking for a bit of forward guidance, but any color you could provide would be helpful on that front.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, let me make some high level comments and maybe talk about the pieces as well. But certainly there's been no change to the philosophy that we laid out at the Analyst Meeting. Although the CapEx plan we laid out there, we clearly said was for a $50 world. So we are going to – we have been and are going to continue to see some inflation pressure, including the steel tariffs in the U.S., which is turning out to be a fairly significant item for us. We spend in the U.S. Lower 48 plus Alaska about $300 million a year on OCTG and pipes, valves and fittings, all that kind of stuff that's made out of steel. And coil hot rolled steel prices in the U.S. since the 1st of the year, up 26%, even though the input cost of the manufacturers of this steel haven't changed. And so there's been a significant move in the market. We've been somewhat insulated from that from our supply chain position but that is going to continue to grow on us going into next year. So that is one piece. We, obviously, haven't set our capital budget for next year. It's too early. And you can expect that we'll announce it in December. But there is going to be that continued inflation pressure as we're in the higher price world. In terms of the operated by others pressure, we – I mentioned earlier that we're looking at almost triple the spending this year on these ballots versus last year. We get the ballots in, if they look like good economics we approve them. That's what you want us to do. In the first half of this year, we've already spent in capital 50% more than we spent all of last year on Lower 48 non-operated activity. And so it is a significant effect. So there's been a big shift year-to-year. In terms of this year into next year, I don't know that I would expect the same. I think we'll see some – a number of those ballots have been in the Permian area. I expect those will probably cool off some. And so there could be some effects the other way. In terms of the greater efficiency and so more well completion costs, one option we would have would be to run less rigs. So we could accomplish the kind of volume – with the shift in the Dakota ring, we could accomplish the kind of volume goals that we laid out at Analyst Meeting that we said would take 11 rigs. We obviously could meet those volumes now with less rigs. And so that's an option that we'll be considering as well. So we're working on all that and we'll have an announcement December on what our capital plan is for next year but that's a little bit of color anyhow in the current thinking.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Hi, guys. Thank you very much for the Alaska trip. It was very informative and differentiated. Al, there's been a few moving parts. Can you update us on the CapEx outlook at a high level? There's a couple of things. One would be whether or not Willow is incremental and then also Qatar, would that be incremental? And then, perhaps, after that if oil goes up a lot, let's say, $300 a barrel, how would your CapEx change, firstly, obviously, regarding how you would anticipate costs changing but also assume that it wouldn't change your strategy? Thanks.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, okay.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Why are you laughing?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, because it's – I'm trying to keep track of the four different questions that were embedded in there. That's why.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: CapEx outlook.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So with regard to things like Willow and Qatar expansion, I mean, Willow is really outside the period that we talked about at the Analyst Meeting, which was 2018, 2019, 2020. So, Willow, we're anticipating a 2021 FID and that's when you would start to see significant spending. And so that's really outside the period we've laid out. We'll deal with that as we move forward on future period strategies. Qatar expansion on the other hand, we've been told by the Qataris that they expect to pick who their partners are going to be around the end of this year or early next year. And so if we are fortunate enough to get selected as one of the companies that participates in that, then I would expect some increased spending in this 2018 to 2020 period, so in 2019 and in 2020. And so that would be additive to the plan that we laid out last November in the period. And you can imagine, it's just hard to predict what those numbers would be. It depends on what kind of working interest we might get in the deal and that's really unknown to us now. As far as $300 a barrel and all that...
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: It's just (00:59:43) $300? Hang on a second. Hey, can we just go back to the CapEx thing? So basically is Qatar and Willow – I know it's outside the plan, is there anything else incremental? I mean, for example, acquisitions, you've done some stuff, would you do more?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I mean, we've had these couple of very special opportunities that, I think, at both Western North Slope and Kuparuk, where we were able to really – had a special situation with a partner that viewed the values differently than we did and so we could get what we thought was an advantaged deal. And so if we can find deals like that that are that good we'll take them. But there are few and far between has been our experience. So, no, I wouldn't project any more of those coming per se. Let's see. Was that – what was the rest of that question?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: We were at the $300 a barrel?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Oh. Yeah. I mean at high prices, you're right in what you said. Our basic philosophy won't change. The way we think about it is the higher the oil price goes in the near term, the more likely it is that's going to come crashing back down soon enough. And so we do not plan to chase that sort of thing by running out and splashing out more rigs. That's not what we're staffed to do. It's not what we plan to do.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Kristine, this is Ellen. We'll take our last question. We're at the top of the hour. So we'll take one more please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for squeezing me in guys. Just one from me. What would it take for you to add back the one Permian conventional rig that you took off? Is it a matter of Midland pricing getting back to more normalized levels? Or are there other dynamics you'll be watching in that regard?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, Pavel, actually our budget for this year, we had only planned about a half year of work in the Permian conventional. And we had that rig running at the beginning of the year and we've completed the pads that we were planning for it. We had – it was going well and the economics have been good even with the big disconnect on prices, so we could have kept running it. But just as part of our disciplined approach and with CapEx running hard as it is, we went ahead and followed the plan that we had and laid that rig down at roughly the midyear timing. And so it's not a plus or minus to our capital or volumes one way or the other. We do have some significant additional attractive work to do there and could put a rig back to work there next year if we choose to. But it doesn't seem like great timing. As long as the – that acreage is all held by production and as long as we have the blowout in DIFs, it doesn't seem like a particularly opportune time to go do that. We'll probably exercise our flexibility and maximize our value by putting a rig like that back to work when the takeaway problem has been solved.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Appreciate it, guys.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thank you. And Kristine we'll wrap things up.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC John P. Herrlin - Société Générale Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co. Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2018 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kristine, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Kristine. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Our speakers for today will be Don Wallette, our EVP of Finance, Commercial and our Chief Financial Officer; and Al Hirshberg, our EVP of Production, Drilling & Projects. Our cautionary statement is shown on page 2 of today's presentation. We will make some forward-looking statements during today's call that refer to estimates or plans. And of course, actual results could differ due to the factors that are described on this slide as well as in our periodic SEC filings. We'll also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today, and that's for purposes of facilitating comparisons across periods and with our peers. Reconciliations to non-GAAP measures to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and again also on our website. During this morning's Q&A, we're going to try to limit questions to one and that's so we can get to all of our callers. If you have additional questions, obviously, please feel free to jump back into the queue. And now I'm going to turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Thank you, Ellen, and good morning. I'll start on slide 4. We've gotten off to a good start this year by demonstrating another quarter of strong execution. Starting on the left side of the chart with strategy, we again delivered on all our strategic priorities. We increased the quarterly dividend by 7.5%. We paid down $2.7 billion of debt, bringing our total debt to $17 billion at the end of the first quarter. As you know, at our AIM Meeting in November, we set out a target to reduce debt to $15 billion before the end of 2019. Given the improved outlook for the business and our current cash balances, we intend to accelerate our debt reduction by additional $3 billion this year, thus achieving our leverage target a year early. This is consistent with our priorities, and we believe it sends another strong signal about our commitment to discipline. With respect to buybacks, we repurchased $500 million of shares this quarter, and we're on track for a total buyback of $2 billion in 2018. This is another return of capital to shareholders that was increased during the quarter, this time by 33% from the target announced in November. Since our buyback program began in late 2016, we've repurchased about 75 million shares or 6% of our share count at an average price of about $48 a share. One of our stated priorities is to return 20% to 30% of operating cash flow to shareholders. This quarter, we again exceeded that, returning 34% of CFO to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. So, strategically, we continue to hit on all priorities. We're maintaining our discipline and following our game plan. Moving to our financial performance in the middle column. Adjusted earnings were $1.1 billion for the quarter or $0.96 a share. We generated $2.5 billion of cash from operations, excluding working capital, and that exceeded our capital spending by $1 billion. Free cash flow more than funded the dividend and share repurchases for the quarter. Finally, we ended the quarter with $5.5 billion of cash on hand. Moving to our operational results on the right. We've also had a strong start to the year. Production for the quarter, excluding Libya, was over 1.2 million BOE a day. Adjusting for dispositions, our underlying production grew 4% compared to the first quarter of last year, and was up 26% on a per debt-adjusted share basis. We announced the acquisitions of unconventional acreage in the Louisiana Austin Chalk Play and the liquids-rich Montney as well as the bolt-on acquisition of Anadarko's position in the western North Slope of Alaska. We also completed an active and successful exploration program in Alaska. So to recap, this quarter's performance again reinforces our commitment to keeping our discipline while delivering our plan. If you turned to slide 5, I'll walk through the first quarter financial results. With WTI averaging about $63 a barrel and Henry Hub about $3 in MMBTU, our average realized price was around $50 a BOE. As you can see in the bar graph on the left, compared to the prior quarter, adjusted earnings improved almost $600 million due to higher commodity prices, lower depreciation expense and reduced operating costs. Compared to the year ago quarter, adjusted earnings improved by over $1.3 billion, driven by a 40% improvement in realizations and about a 30% reduction in depreciation expense. The table on the bottom right shows a comparison of year-over-year adjusted earnings by segment for the first quarter. I would draw your attention to the Lower 48 where only two years ago we had an earnings breakeven above $70 a barrel. We're seeing the earnings power of our unconventional engine driving the bottom line results, with our Lower 48 earnings breakeven now at less than $45 a barrel. If you turn to slide 6, I'll put the significant improvement in our earnings and cash flow expansion into perspective. The chart on the left illustrates the product mix shift in our portfolio since the first quarter of 2017. Through strategic dispositions and targeted investments in high-margin production, we've increased our exposure to higher-value products such as crude oil and international gas, including LNG. At the same time, we've significantly reduced our exposure to lower-value products such as Canadian and U.S. natural gas and bitumen. The chart on the right shows that our improved earnings and cash flow are not driven by price increases alone. Here, we show the improvement in realizations compared to the first quarter of 2017 from about $36 to $50 a BOE. The green boxes indicate how much of that realization gain came from product mix improvements and how much came from price increases. Over 40% came from mix improvement. Our product slate is now capturing over 75% of the Brent price, a further indication of how leveraged we are to rising Brent prices. If you turn to slide 7, I'll wrap up with a look at our cash sources and uses during the quarter. First, looking at the sources of cash shown in green, the combination of cash from operations and dispositions was $2.7 billion. In red, we used $2.9 billion to retire debt, and we spent $1.5 billion of capital, which includes about $120 million for the Montney acreage acquisition in Canada. We paid $300 million of dividends and repurchased $500 million of shares, returning 34% of cash from operations back to shareholders in the first quarter. In the red box labeled Other, we included our bolt-on transaction in Alaska for $400 million, which will be moved to capital once we receive final regulatory approval. As I said before and it is worth emphasizing, this was all done while generating $1 billion of free cash flow in the quarter, which more than funded our dividend and repurchases. Again, a strong financial start to the year. Now I'll hand the call over to Al to cover operations.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Don. I'll provide a brief overview of our first quarter operating highlights and our outlook for the rest of the year, so please turn to slide 9. Overall, as Don mentioned, production, excluding Libya, averaged 1,224,000 barrels oil equivalent per day, beating the top end of our quarterly production guidance range. Now as you'll remember, our prior guidance reflected an assumption of a full quarter shut-in of KBB export production in Malaysia due to a third-party pipeline outage. Our production improvements were driven by the power of our diverse portfolio, with contributions from the UK, Alaska and Indonesia, but the majority came from improved performance and completions timing in our Eagle Ford asset. We had a strong operational quarter in our Big 3 unconventional assets. Production for the Eagle Ford was 163,000 barrels equivalent per day; Bakken produced 68,000 barrels per day; and the Delaware produced 19,000 barrels per day. That adds to 250,000 barrels per day for the Big 3, representing a 20% increase in production year-on-year. In addition to the ongoing development operations in the Lower 48, during the first quarter, we announced the acquisition of early lifecycle unconventional acreage in the Austin Chalk of central Louisiana. We're currently in the process of permitting exploration wells and expect to begin drilling in the position later this year. In Canada, we took steps to mitigate the impacts of the weak WCS differential in the first quarter by piloting the use of condensate as an alternate to synthetic crude diluent at Surmont. We're encouraged by the result so far and believe this unique capability will improve netbacks and provide us a valuable diluent flexibility going forward. Also in Canada, as Don mentioned, we announced our bolt-on in the liquids-rich Montney of 35,000 net acres where we're currently appraising our position. During the quarter, we also made good progress on many conventional projects in Alaska, Asia-Pacific and Europe. I'll talk about those further on the next slide. In Alaska, we completed our exploration and appraisal drilling program after announcing the acquisition of Anadarko's acreage interest earlier in the quarter. We drilled six wells. Increased drilling efficiency allowed us to add an additional appraisal well to the original five-well exploration scope. This was our largest exploration program in Alaska since 2002 and a successful one. So far, we've tested four of the Willow discovery and appraisal wells, and the results are in line with our expectations. We confirm that Willow has a recoverable resource potential of more than 300 million barrels. We also drilled three exploration wells, West Willow, Putu and Stony Hill, all of which were new discoveries, confirming that we have additional running room on the western North Slope. Now I'll discuss the operations outlook as we move into the second quarter on slide 10. Our $5.5 billion capital guidance is unchanged. As you know, this excludes the capital for the previously announced Alaska bolt-on and the Montney acreage acquisitions. We continue to execute the $5.5 billion scope we outlined last November, and we're working to mitigate the pressures on our program from inflation, foreign exchange fluctuations and increased partner-operated activity. For full year, we're increasing our production guidance to 1,200,000 to 1,240,000 barrels per day to reflect our strong performance in the first quarter and adjusting for disposition assumptions. This increase comes despite now assuming that the KBB export volumes will be down for the entire year. In other words, we're confident that due to the strong performance we've seen around the world and especially in the U.S., our diverse portfolio will more than offset the expected roughly 20,000 barrel a day production loss from KBB. So, based on guidance, we expect to deliver 5% production growth, 7% production growth per share and about 14% production growth per debt-adjusted share. Although that latter number is based on ending the year at $17 billion of debt, based on the $15 billion year-end debt number that Don mentioned earlier, our production growth per debt-adjusted share would increase to about 16%. Our second quarter production guidance is 1,170,000 to 1,210,000 barrels per day. This assumes our typical 2Q, 3Q turnaround season in APME, Europe and Alaska. In the Lower 48, we'll continue to deliver high-margin production growth in the Big 3 throughout the remainder of the year. We're confident in our Big 3 growth plan. And as I said in the last call, growth may be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, but we expect to exit the year at above 300,000 barrels equivalent per day from the Big 3. So, we're executing well on our Big 3 unconventional programs, but we're also executing strongly in the conventional business as well. Before the end of 2018, we expect to achieve first production from several projects, including Bohai Phase 3 in China, Clair Ridge in the UK, Aasta Hansteen in Norway, GMT1 in Alaska and the final phase of Bayu-Undan development drilling, which will continue feeding the Darwin LNG plant in Australia. We'll be continuing our appraisal work in the Montney and beginning our central Louisiana Austin Chalk appraisal program. We'll also continue to gear up for our 2019 Alaska winter exploration and appraisal program. So, we had a strong operational quarter, which translated to a strong financial quarter where we executed our plans with capital discipline while generating $1 billion of free cash flow. Now, I'll turn the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Well, thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. Al, I wonder if I could start on your CapEx comments that you just alluded to there, I guess. Obviously, inflation pressures have been talked about 5% followers (16:39), but I think the increase in third-party activity I wonder if you could just give it a little bit more color as to what you're seeing there. And is this really more of a question of it's probably too early still to revisit the spending program. Is just more something you'll likely revisit, let's say, midyear. And if I can risk a third piece to that question, you're lining up a lot of opportunities longer term. So, how do you see, since the Analyst Day, your opportunity set and apart from the CapEx outlook that you guided toward back in November? And I've got a quick follow-up in buybacks, please.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. Let's see, which...
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a CapEx question.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. CapEx, okay. Well, I think as I mentioned, we're still at our $5.5 billion CapEx guidance. We do see pressure, as I mentioned, in three different areas, inflation, forex and OBO. You asked specifically about the partner-operated side. We are seeing considerably above what we had expected ballots from our partners in various areas, dominated in Lower 48. And so, of course, that will bring volumes with it as well, although a lot of those volumes won't come until next year. But for us, the choice when we received those ballots is, it looks like economic work, which it typically does, we either have to elect in and spend that money or we get into a penalty situation or we lose the rights to those reserves. So, as that comes in, we're going to elect to do those and that does put some upward pressure on the CapEx. But we're continuing to work to offset those upward pressures with increased efficiencies we're seeing, significant increased efficiencies in our work. And so, it's really too early to tell how all that's going to add up at the end of the day. With respect to scope going forward, we're still on the plan that we talked about in November at the analyst meeting where we expect to average around this $5.5 billion over that three-year period that we laid out 2018, 2019 and 2020. I mean, there are some things on the horizon that potentially could be incremental opportunities for us down the road. You've heard us talk about the cutter expansion. We're in the running for that and hoping to be able to win a piece of that business. That was not in our plan that we showed you in November. So, obviously, that would be upside. But if we're able to win that, that's something that investors are going to want us to invest in. You've also seen the exploration success in Alaska. That's another area where that wasn't reflected in our November plans that could be upside. But these are not things that are going to affect 2018 and 2019 CapEx in a big way. It's sort of 2020 and out beyond that.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate you indulging the question, Al. And thanks for not cutting him off. My follow-up is really a quick one. The buybacks, we all know what the cash flow outlook is, but you still got your Synovis shares. And now you've got this interesting situation last night that you're now installed (20:04) in PDVSA. I'm just wondering if you could elaborate as to maybe on the PDVSA piece specifically, what are your options there. Is that something that could ultimately result in another kind of step change in buybacks similar to the CDE shareholding that you still have? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, Doug, this is Don. On the PDVSA question, of course, that's a nice award from the ICC tribunal as a result of our arbitration. We have another one coming later this year, probably from exit as well so we'll see what the total of all that is. But that's not something we're going to be able to book a receivable on any time soon. So, I don't think that that's going to require some enforcement action on our part. And we intend to be aggressive and persistent in that, but it's something that's going to take time to recover the value that we lost when they expropriated our assets there. So, I think it's a little too early to start thinking about that in terms of uses of cash. And then you mentioned Synovis as well. Of course, yeah, we've got somewhere around $2 billion worth of Synovis equity. And really, the story hasn't changed there. We're not a strategic investor, don't intend to be there for the long-term, but we're also not an anxious seller as well. So, we'll wait until we think that the value is right. Right now, we think the company is undervalued. So, someday, we'll be able to liquidate that and put that money to work elsewhere.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for indulging my questions guys. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Hi. Good morning. First question just on, you talked about the balance sheet a bit with where prices are now, and it sounds like capital spending is going to – you're looking to try to offset the inflation and maintain the capital spending budget. So, how do you think about the excess uses of cash, Don? Is there any chance you might put a bit more on the balance sheet just for a rainy day, or even – obviously, you've done a great job of buying the stock back at what now looks like great prices, but how do you think about that issue on a go forward?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Good questions, Phil. With our plan to accelerate the debt reduction and reach our target sometime this year, $15 billion, and then as you say, we're going to continue to constrain capital and work hard to live within our budget there. We've pretty much eliminated two pretty key uses of cash. So, the options are getting narrower. So, what we've said is, I mean, we just increased our buybacks what, two months ago, from $1.5 billion to $2 billion. We increased our dividends a couple months ago, 7.5%. So, I can't steer you one way or the other today on that. But we've said that our distributions to the shareholders will continue to grow as our cash flow grows. What was the second part of your question again, Phil? Oh, on the stock price and the buybacks.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, exactly.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, I tell you what, some of the key factors that we take a look at obviously, the CAGR's on our production growth on a debt-adjusted share basis. And if you look at our cash flow cash margin expansions in this sort of environment, then we think our stock is well undervalued and has a lot of upside to it.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. The first question I had was around APLNG. Am I right to say in the first quarter in the cash flow that there was no dividend recorded from APLNG that came in, in April? And if so, can you quantify what was the cash flow associated with that dividend was?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yes, Neil. That's correct. We did not receive a dividend in the first quarter from APLNG so that's not reflected in the cash flows for the quarter. A dividend was declared in the first quarter, but it was paid in April, this month. So, we did receive a dividend from APLNG and the amount was $105 million to ConocoPhillips.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's great. And the follow-up question is just the Big 3 production profile for the balance of the year. Can you just talk about where do you see it going from here and a little bit by basin as well? Thank you.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Okay. Yeah, I talked earlier in the prepared remarks about the Big 3 hitting 250,000 barrels per day, so that was up 6% quarter-to-quarter and 20% year-over-year first quarter of 2018 versus first quarter of 2017. And I frankly don't expect you to be too impressed by that 20% number. We said in November, we were going to grow the Big 3 22%, and we keep improving all the time. And the latest well results we've seen have been very impressive. So, I certainly expect our operating teams to beat that 22%. So, I'm not expecting you to be impressed with 20%, and I expect it to be better as we go forward in the year. I think that it will be lumpy as I said. And some of the lumpiness smoothed out a little bit. We had some Eagle Ford completions that we thought we wouldn't get until the second quarter that sneaked their way into the first quarter. But I think you will see strong numbers as we go through the year. And just to put a finer point on that, if I can say it without Ellen kicking me under the table maybe, but last call, you may remember I said I thought we would exit – we'd have an exit rate that would be above 300,000 barrels per day for the Big 3. I think if you look at the latest well performance and how things are going for us, it's clear to me now that, that 300,000 barrels per day that I was kind of calling an exit rate at the last call is going to happen quite a bit earlier in the year.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Congrats on the good quarter guys.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Herrlin of Société Générale. Please go ahead.
John P. Herrlin - Société Générale: Yeah. Hi. Just some quick upstream ones for Al. With Alaska, given the success that you've had, what kind of cycle time should we expect in terms of you actually bringing on incremental production on the North Slope? And then also with the Austin Chalk, when will you start talking about that? Will that be third quarter or fourth quarter?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So, on Alaska, of course, we have a pretty nice pipeline of projects, midsize sort of projects we're bringing on. GMT1 is the one we expect to start up by the end of this year and then GMT2 will be next. We hope to take FID on next year, that would start up in sort of the 2021 timeframe. We've got production still coming up at CD5 and at 1H NEWS. So, a lot of different projects that are in the pipeline there. In terms of the new discoveries, I think is what you're really asking about, Willow, yeah, and also Putu and Stony Hill. What I said about a year ago on this call when we first announced the Willow discovery, was that in the best case scenario where we got all our approvals, particularly the federal approvals that have been difficult to get in the past timely, the earliest we could start up would be 2023. I think that's still the case, but that's a bit of a theoretical timing that would require more rapid federal permitting than we've experienced in the past, but it is possible within the rules. So, you should sort of think of that as an earliest timeframe, I think, for Willow. And as one of the questions we've had is, is Willow going to be a tieback or is it going to justify a standalone facility? And so that's part of what we're after in this appraisal program is making sure we understand the subsurface well enough to make the right decision for what's the highest value. And I think we can see from the appraisal work in Willow that it's looking more and more like it'll be able to justify a standalone facility. And then you can have things like West Willow, which is our new discovery further out to the west tying back to that. So that's not a decision we've taken yet, but certainly the appraisal program strength points us in that direction.
John P. Herrlin - Société Générale: Okay. And then what about talking about the Chalk, when will you...?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So, on the Austin Chalk position, so we're up to, I think it's about 211,000 acres now across a pretty wide area. And we're in the process of permitting the first exploration wells, which we'll be able to spud depending on the permit timing later this year, might be late third quarter, early fourth quarter somewhere in that timeframe. So, I expect it'll be into 2019 by the time we actually have results from that program or be able to start to characterize what we think we have there.
John P. Herrlin - Société Générale: Okay, great. Thanks, Al.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Good morning everybody, and congratulations on your strong results.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Doug.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Good morning, Doug.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Yeah. And, during the quarter, your like-for-like production grew by 4% year-over-year, even with the outage that you guys talked about in Malaysia. So, I want to see, could you comment on the driver of the gains and also the resiliency that you're seeing in the portfolio outside of the Big 3, meaning in areas such as Alaska or Indonesia or really any of the other areas that seem to be exceeding expectations because it certainly appears to be fairly resilient in many areas.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay, sure. I think it's a particularly good question because a lot of the outperformance we're seeing in the first quarter is part of what's given us the confidence to increase our full-year number. We were 24,000 barrels a day above the midpoint of the range we had given in the first quarter. And that was, you're correct, about 4% growth versus that quarter in the prior year. Of course, that's with the loss of 2% from KBB. So, it would have been 6% if we had that. But if you look at where that plus 24,000 comes from, about 11,000 of it was from the Lower 48 as you've kind of alluded to, but we did have strength in a number of other areas. We continue to outperform with the base in Europe and in both the UK and Norway as we were about a plus 7,000 to expectation from better uptime and better base performance in Europe. As you've heard me talk about before in Alaska, our project and our well performance has been strong there. We got about three more than we expected. In Indonesia, we had higher demand for our gas because of some third-party coal-fired power plants that had unplanned downtime. We picked up a plus 3,000 there. We also had better uptime in cutter and got about plus 3,000 there. The only real negative we had in the quarter was at Surmont. We were about 2,000 short of where we had expected at Surmont, really due to diluent supply shortages and other market factors. So, you add all that up that's plus 24,000 in total.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then also for Don on Venezuela, your point's taken on recoverability from PDVSA given the circumstances. But all around this topic, I want to see if you could give us somewhat of a status update there, damages you're seeking and the next steps for the ICSID proceeding, which I think you alluded to, is going to have a next step later in the year. So, if you could just kind of remind us where we are with that proceeding.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Maybe just to give you a brief recap as well because it is kind of complex because we have multiple proceedings going on there. Of course, one concluded yesterday with ICC. The important thing about the ICC award that was about $2 billion, of course, it doesn't come anywhere close to compensating us for our full losses of value in Venezuela, but it never was expected to. And so, I tried to explain that a little bit. That was a contractual matter between ourselves and PDVSA, and had to do with indemnity that they provided to us for discriminatory actions that the Venezuelans took when they expropriated our assets. And so, the limitation on that indemnity was spelled out in the contract in a formula basically. And that formula had caps on it. So, we knew that that award was always going to be capped and really only would represent a partial compensation for our total losses. Now we move to the other claim that we have, which is not against PDVSA but against the government of Venezuela, and that's the one that's being heard at exit. And that process – there is no cap involved in there, and we expect that that result, which we hope to receive notice of an award later this year, that that will represent a full compensation for our value loss.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: All right. Okay. Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Paul.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: For Don, a quick – two one. First is for Don, a quick one. For the APLNG, the $105 million that you're going to receive in the first quarter, does that represent a full cash flow in excess of the internal usage such as the project financing and also the payback (35:34) of the project financing and also the CapEx or that you actually even with that you're already building cash?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: You did mention first quarter. That was received actually in the second quarter, Paul. So, I just wanted to correct that.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. I understand. I'm just saying that if we're looking at a $67 Brent, does that means that the APLNG, if you assume that you already feel comfortable for the joint venture correspondence going forward, is that $105 million a reasonable estimate or that that should actually be a higher number?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: I have a hard time saying whether that's a reasonable estimate. It all depends on what the price is and what the net cash flow within the joint venture is. I mean, we can just say that it was $105 million in April. Now I can't tell you that...
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Let me ask it another way, Don. If you take out $105 million from the cash balance by the end of the first quarter, is that balance higher than year-end within the joint venture?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: That was the available cash – that was the cash that represents the cash that was available to be distributed.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Maybe I will take it offline. The second one, Al, for the Surmont. Any takeaway issue that, because of the problem over there, that lead you to change the way how you operate?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I mean, we don't have a takeaway issue per se in terms of being able to move our barrels. The takeaway issue is really the constraints that have been in place for a number of months now that have widened out the WCS differential and really hurt our netbacks. Our netbacks were doing pretty well. We had some pretty decent cash margins at Surmont in the second half of last year. And then as there were a few operational issues that other folks had on pipelines, it did create some backup. And so, one of the things I also mentioned that we've been using synthetic crude oil as our diluent, that's how the plant was set up and there've been some supply issues there, a number of repeating supply issues over the past year, year-and-a-half. And so, we're moving forward to make what are really some minor, fairly minor facilities changes there that will allow us, by the third quarter of 2019, to be able to run any mix of condensate or synthetic crude oil that we want to as diluent. We can create a Dilbit by running all condensate. We can create a Synbit by running all synthetic crude oil or we can create a Syn/Dilbit by running a mix. And we're in a process of piloting those sorts of things now. And as we look back at the volatility of the various factors involved here in the market. We think having the flexibility to go back and forth is going to be a really valuable and unique attribute to the Surmont plant.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, do you guys have any committed pipeline warning at the existing pipeline from Alberta down to the Gulf Coast? Or that you are selling all those in the local market?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Let me tell you what our current situation there on the marketing side is, Paul. We're currently, on a blend basis, we're at like 150,000 barrels a day of Surmont blend that we're moving to market. And so, probably on a rough cut basis, the best way to think about that is we have probably around 100,000 barrels a day of that 150,000 barrels a day is going into the local Edmonton trade market. And then we've got about 25,000 barrels a day going to the U.S. by rail. So that would be into Cushing and some into the Gulf Coast as well. And then we have the balance of that 25,000 barrels a day is on pipe being exported into the U.S. into the Midwest and the Gulf Coast.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning. And a nice quarter there. Just, Al, you've been talking and bragging about the 250,000 barrels a day, which certainly is good. We did hear a lot about weather in the quarter as restricting some of the production. So, I was just curious, was your 250,000 barrels a day affected by that somewhat, which means your sort of higher growth rate is more achievable as the year goes along, or are we looking at that as a pretty clean number?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. We were impacted by weather, we don't like to whine about weather. But we were hit about 14,000 barrels a day back in January in a number of our different areas. So, divide by three to get a sort of four or five-ish impact on the quarter, not too big. But we were able to more than offset that with our performance. And so, you don't really need it (41:11) in the math.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: No, I appreciate that. Just trying to get a feel for the exit rate versus maybe the average there. And then...
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Look for the timing on that 300. That's going to be the interesting thing.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Appreciate that. We will be watching it. And then my second question, as you look at the decision to make the acquisitions, both in the Montney and Louisiana, you're talking about the CapEx pressures elsewhere. Kind of help us to understand maybe what the kind of the return thought process is there of moving into, I don't want to call them, frontier-ish but I mean, certainly not frontline opportunities for production growth and cash flow. So, like you got the share repo, you've got your other undeveloped reserves and then you're making some additional acquisitions. I was curious how that all kind of flow together.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Well, you could think about it from a number of different perspectives. I mean, for one thing, the money that we spend on some of these bolt-on type opportunities, including in the Western North Slope, really was funded by – we got our Ecuador legal settlement, $327 million of cash that came in plus in the last few quarters, we've had about $250 million of cash come in from the smaller asset sales we've been doing. And so that $600 million or so has largely funded some of the smaller bolt-on kind of things we've been doing. Course, the bolt-on in Alaska is – once we get the regulatory approval, that's immediate. These other things you're asking about, remember, these are sort of $1,000 an acre or less kind of longer term things that are for the 2020s. They're not going to bring us volumes this decade, but they're not costing us much money right now. They fit within. They're a part of our natural exploration budget. So, they'll displace other things in the exploration budget that we had already laid out that was part of our math during the analyst meeting in November. And they are an opportunity to be very competitive, total cycle, full cycle cost of supply with the other things that are in our resource base. That's why we like them.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. And then if I could sneak one in just to follow Paul on the APLNG on his dividend question. The run rate that generated that was based on kind of what crude price and then how should we think about the fact crude prices moved up certainly from Q4, Q1 to now, how that flows through and maybe the expectation for dividend payments?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, the $105 million was based on the crude prices that they recognized during the first quarter, but also the beginning cash balances as they entered into the year. They had been building some cash up, not a great amount, during the fourth quarter. And I think one thing you have to factor if you're trying to forecast this precisely is that there is, on the LNG sales into Asia, there's always the three-month lag so you've got to lag your prices.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I think another factor may be that maybe causes some difficulty here is the lumpiness of the loan payments. We don't have a loan payment every quarter.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Twice a year.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: It's twice a year. And so, we build up cash to make the next loan payment, so it's maybe not as ratable as people are thinking.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Thanks, good morning. Don, I was hoping to go back to Phil's question on uses of cash flow. I just wanted to kind of confirm, is the $15 billion debt target subject to being revisited or is that pretty much a hard number? And we can just think once that's accomplished, the rest is just going to simply be distributed.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: That's a hard number.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay. The second piece, Al, you kind of talked quite a bit about the Canadian, I guess, discounts and takeaway capacity, et cetera. I'm also curious, obviously, this past quarter, we've seen a lot of discounts in the Permian crude differentials. And I was hoping you could talk a little bit about what kind of takeaway capacity you have there, how exposed are you to the actual Midland pricing as opposed to getting that down to the coast and realizing something more like LLS?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Maybe I can talk about that a little bit. Right now, we don't have any significant export capacity out of the basin in the Permian. So, we're fully exposed to the Midland/Cushing differential. Course, in the first quarter, the realizations in the Permian were actually quite high. I think we got around 98% of WTI, but we're going to see the impacts of that, it looks like, in the second quarter. Now looking longer term, a number of the midstream companies are entertaining open seasons on long-haul transport into the Gulf Coast. And we are active in that. But that sort of shipping capacity wouldn't be available until the second half of 2019 at the earliest.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Blake.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks. Maybe can I ask a specific one in the Eagle Ford? I mean, you've talked around the issue on how your performance seems to be exceeding expectations there. Can you give any additional color on what you're seeing today in the Eagle Ford versus your original expectations? Is it better per well productivity, drilling efficiencies? Any thoughts on costs there? And then I've got one as a related follow-up.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, it's yes, yes, and yes. By the way, you win the prize for best title this morning on your note. I think in the Eagle Ford, we are seeing better per well performance, our latest generation of completion design. And we have a new generation that we're getting ready to test next that may give us yet even better results. You can go into the public databases and just look at the last four years and look at the different vintages of wells, and you'll see the pretty dramatic improvements that we've had. We also are continuing to drive down our costs. We're hitting quicker drilling times per well, lower well costs and also continuing to optimize our completion costs. Data analytics is a very powerful course in the Eagle Ford. That was really the first place in the company where we built a comprehensive data warehouse. And that has – I think in the last few years, we've doubled the number of wells that can be handled by each multi-skilled operator out in the field because of all the tools that we've given them. And we've been able to drive our lifting costs there down well below $2 a barrel. It's very efficient. So we get great margins out of the Eagle Ford. It's not just a matter of the volumes. We've had improving margins. And while everyone else has been banging away in the Permian, a lot of people left the Eagle Ford to do that, and there's just been less competition for goods and services in the Eagle Ford and better netbacks because there've been less people trying to jam their barrels down the same takeaway capacity. So, everything about the Eagle Ford is really hitting on all cylinders for us. I think that continues to be a real bright spot for us and I think will. So, it's not just – I think we are going to see really good volumes out of the Eagle Ford this year but there's a lot more to the story than that.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. That's helpful. And then maybe on Darwin LNG, I think you're, based on your partner's comments, you've a recent peak in terms of LNG production there. It seems like there is moving closer to a potential FID at the Barossa backfill options. Any thoughts on what you see the potential timeline there, general thoughts on the asset going forward and maybe insights on potential LNG contracting there?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Sure. The Darwin LNG plant is a great asset. It's a jewel for us that has performed great. We've been able to increase the capacity of that plant significantly over the years since we built, and it's really performed well. We want to keep it full. So, I've seen some things in the press where they've said that ConocoPhillips has been accelerating Barossa or moving faster. That's really not the case. We've been on the same schedule for several years. It's been apparent to us when Bayu-Undan is going to run out of gas and it coincides with when the PSC expires as well and also when our current LNG sales contracts expire. All that happens in 2023. So we've known for a long time, we've got to have something else ready to flow gas to Darwin in 2023. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we just spud a few weeks ago. We're in the last phase of development drilling at Bayu-Undan. So this will be the last handful of wells that allow us to drain all the gas from Bayu-Undan by 2023. And then Barossa has been on a steady schedule. I said in the last call that I thought by this call, we'd be at or near entering feed, and that did happen as you saw on the news earlier this week. So we're right on schedule there. And we expect to take FID in late 2019 if everything continues to move down the tracks. We've already gotten our regulatory approval from, which was – that's a difficult thing to get. We've got that in hand. We had unanimous vote from the partners this week to move forward into feed on all the different pieces. So, I think everything is working well there. We are very, very focused on this project on capital efficiency. Everything we're doing in the way the feed is set up, including design competition for the FPSO is all designed to really drive forward capital efficiency on that project.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons and Company. Please go ahead.
Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks very much for taking the question. I wanted to go back to cash flow, but in light of the fact that you guys did not receive a dividend from APLNG, the cash generation this quarter seemed especially strong relative to the sensitivities. So, I'm wondering if your simplified cash flow sensitivities actually are conservative now because of some of the margin enhancements you all have highlighted, and because we're now north of $65 a barrel Brent, which was the upper end of the band of the sensitivities, I think, that you provided. And just as one example, it seems that your Lower 48 realizations in particular are really strong relative to TI and Brent and have improved quite a bit perhaps due to Eagle Ford, as you mentioned. But anything more specific you would call out on those Lower 48 realizations or in the Eagle Ford specifically?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: No. I think, Guy, just overall, since we introduced those cash flow sensitivities back in, I think it was November 2016, we've been tracking what, seven or eight quarters six or seven quarters maybe and they've really done well. I mean, they've been very precise in their predictive capacity, I would say. And even in the first quarter, they also came pretty close to what our actual cash flow ex-working capital was. But maybe for some of the wrong reasons because we had the low realizations in Canada but then we had stronger realizations in the Lower 48. So, I think you're right. The cash flow generating ability of the company may be understated somewhat by the sensitivities that we updated just this past November. So, we are looking at it. And as you say, we are at the upper end of the range pricewise of what we've said those sensitivities are good for. We did take a look at it here in the last couple of weeks and we think it's still okay, but we're going to continue monitoring it. And if we feel like it's no longer has its predictive capability, then we will provide new guidance.
Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks very much.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Guy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Hall of Heikkinen. Please go ahead.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Hi, good morning.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Good morning.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: I guess, first, I wanted to just ask on the KBB pipe you get into a little more detail on what exactly is creating the delays on bringing that back on. Are there any issues with the metallurgy there? What sort of costs might be associated with repair and/or replacement of the pipe? And is that all factored into CapEx at the moment?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So, the KBB pipe, there's no issue around metallurgy. We have no ownership in the pipe and so there's no impact on cost to us. It's just strictly a third-party arrangement. And so really what the cost is not a factor for us. They had a weld failure that was really caused by a mudslide. So this is a remote area with some pretty difficult terrain and heavy rains and sort of the earth moved and caused excess strain on the pipe. So, the problem is, it's a very difficult area for them to get to, and there's a number of these potential mudslide areas. And so they have a lot of very comprehensive plan of repair for the pipeline and we expect we don't really know when the pipeline's going to be up, and we're not really in the middle of it because we have no ownership. And so, we're assuming at this point, it will be down for the whole year. We don't really know that for sure.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. Appreciate clearing that up. And then just curious as a follow-up on the Permian. You noted obviously things are looking tough on the differentials on the forward. Things get bad enough in the Permian from a price realization standpoint starts to weigh on valuations in the basin. Is that an area you guys would consider being opportunistic and on a longer databases or is that not really in the agenda?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, I mean, we never say never. We're always looking at everything but that's not – I don't really see that. You look at the pricing on recent things that have happened. And on a full cycle basis, we struggle to see how that would compete in our existing portfolio that we've showed you the cost of supply of our existing portfolio and you just do the math on the prices being paid and it's hard to see how that works. But things could change, you never know.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for squeezing me in. Just one more question about the Permian from a gas perspective. Obviously, a lot of conversation about constraints in gas takeaway capacity and the possibility of flaring later this year or next year, are you experiencing any pressure to that sort in terms of your gas volumes in the Delaware?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: No, we really not and we don't expect to either. ConocoPhillips is one of the largest gas marketers in the United States. And the U.S. Southwest, including the Permian area all the way out to the SoCal border is an area that we're very large and very active. So, we transport a lot of third-party gas out of that basin and across the U.S. And so, we have plenty of capacity available for our equity gas. And if we ever got in a bind, we can back out third-party gas.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP, Investor Relations and Communications, for closing remarks.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thank you, everybody. Thank you, Kristine. I appreciate it. And obviously, if we left any questions unanswered, feel free to call us anytime over the next day or so. Appreciate your interest, everyone. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Ellen DeSanctis - VP, IR and Communications Ryan Lance - Chairman and CEO Donald Wallette - EVP of Finance, Commercial and CFO Alan Hirshberg - EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects
Analysts: Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI. Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Phil Gresh - JPMorgan Doug Leggate - Bank of America Paul Cheng - Barclays Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Alastair Syme - Citi Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets Roger Read - Wells Fargo John Herrlin - Societe Generale Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2017 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Christine, and hello everybody. Welcome to today’s earnings call. Our speakers today will be Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Don Wallette, our EVP of Finance, Commercial and our Chief Financial Officer and Al Hirshberg, our EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects. Our cautionary statement is shown on Page 2 of today's presentation. We will make some forward-looking statements during this morning’s call that refer to estimates or plans. Actual results could differ due to the factors described on this slide as well as in our periodic SEC filings. We will also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today and as to facilitate comparisons across periods and with our energy and E&P company peers. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning’s press release and on our website. Finally, during this morning’s Q&A just to be efficient with our time, we’re going to limit questions to one and a follow-up.  And now I’m happy to turn the call over to Ryan Lance.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen, and welcome everyone to today’s call. We’re excited about the release we issued this morning, in it we provided a summary of 2017 performance, but also announce several significant actions we’ve already taken in 2018, that should send a very strong message about our commitment to saying discipline and continue to deliver our returns focus value proposition.  For ConocoPhillips, our value proposition is an approach to the E&P business with same that delivering predictable performance and superior returns through cycles not chasing the cycles. Our strategy works when prices are below $50 per barrel like they were for much of 2017 or 60 plus per barrel like they are right now. The value proposition is focused on creating long-term value and winning back both energy and generalist investors to a sector that has underperform for far too long.  Industry is in the early innings of the earnings season, but what you’ll hear from ConocoPhillips today is that we’re not only sticking to our disciplined plan we’re building on it. And that’s what we’ll point out to you on slide number 4. In the middle column of this slide we’ve listed the things we’re focused on as a company namely having a low cost of supply portfolio, generating top tier free cash flow and returns, maintaining a strong balance sheet, distributing a differential payout to shareholders, growing cash flows via debt adjusted per share production growth and last but certainly not lease demonstrating leadership in ESG.  On the left side of this chart, we’ve listed some of the key 2017 achievements that allowed us to fully activate our value proposition across these focus areas, let me step through those now. As you know, we had a very significant portfolio reset in 2017. We substantially reduce our exposure to North American gas and oil sands with dispositions that generated about $16 billion of proceeds. Excluding disposition impacts we delivered organic reserve replacement 200%. Our lower sustaining capital and our pure leading sustaining price enabled us to deliver top tier free cash flow.  At 2017 average print prices of $54 per barrel, our cash flow from operations exceeded CapEx by $2.5 million. Return to corner on profitability with full year adjusted earnings of more than 700 million. And more importantly, we are in a much stronger position to deliver improved cash and financial returns even at crude prices of $50 per barrel or less.  We reduce our debt by almost 30% to less than 20 billion and improved our credit rating. We returned 61% of our cash flow from operations to shareholders via our dividend and buybacks. Last year, we grew the dividend 6% and repurchased 3 billion or about 5% of our shares. Underlying production grew on a per debt adjusted share basis by 19% and we continue to emphasize CFO expansion not production growth for growth's sake.  We delivered on our operational metrics, while achieving one of the best years ever on safety and I’m extremely proud of our organization for this, we can never take our eye of that ball. And in 2017, we announced a long-term target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions a significant step forward demonstrating our commitment to ESG. So fair to argue that 2017 wasn’t an exceptional year for ConocoPhillips, but we know that’s the past and what matters now is what's next. We laid out a 2018 plan a few months ago that was based on $50 per barrel WTI prices. So, the prices have moved quite a bit higher since then. So, the obvious question is will our plan change. The answer is no, not with respect to our organic investment plan. Our 5.5 billion capital plan is unchanged from what we outlined in November. Of course, that excludes the bolt on transaction in Alaska we announced this morning for 400 million. This is a very a very attractive transaction that allows us to consolidate our existing position on the Western North Slope where we have an ongoing development activity and an exciting 2018 exploration program currently underway. Even with the higher prices today we believe it's critical to maintain discipline on our capital program, why, because that’s the key to free cash flow generation and through cycle returns. While we would expect 2018 cash flows to be significantly higher at current prices we are not increasing capital activity.  Instead of increasing CapEx we are following our priorities by allocating excess cash flow toward our dividend, our balance sheet and our share buybacks. We have already paid down an additional 2.25 billion of debt this year, we just announced a 7.5% increase in our quarterly dividend and we are up sizing our plan to 2018 share re-purchases by over 30% to 2 billion. By the way this represents a total of 5 billion in buybacks when combined with our 2017 re-purchases. We are on track to deliver 13% production growth on a per debt adjusted share basis largely from activating our high margin lower 48 plan. Again, our goal is cash flow expansion from high margin volumes not growth for say. And we will stay focused on our ESG leadership throughout the year.  So, while the outlook for the business looks better than it did just a few months ago we are not changing our plan. We are staying committed to our priorities and taking steps early in the year to deploy additional cash from the stronger outlook to our shareholders. 2017 was a very strong year for the company and we certainly intend to make 2018 another strong year by safely executing and delivering on our plans. So, let me turn the call over to Don and he will discuss some of our financial highlights.
Donald Wallette: Before I recap the fourth quarter results I want to summarize some notable milestones since our November analyst and investor update. In December we reached the successful conclusion of our arbitration with Ecuador, allowing us to recover over $300 million. Also, in December we retired 1.3 billion of debt which took our yearend balance sheet debt to 19.7 billion. And as Ryan just mentioned we also front end loaded our 2018 debt reduction paying down a further 2.25 billion in January. Today our debt is about 17.5 billion. In the fourth quarter we have re-purchased a $1 billion of stock and completed our 2017 buyback target of 3 billion. And finally, we have been evaluating the recent U.S. tax legislation and its overall impacts to the company. As you have seen in our news release we recognized a noncash benefit of approximately $850 million, primarily associated with revaluation of our U.S. deferred taxes to the lower rate. We’ll also see an improvement in our earnings going forward because of the lower effective tax rate. With lower 48 unconventionals and Alaska development being core to our capital program, the lower U.S. tax rate and enhanced capital recovery will further enhance the attractiveness of those investment programs. So as an active finish to 2017 and we're entering 2018 with the same strong conviction about our value proposition. If you turn to Slide to 6, I’ll cover adjusted earnings for the fourth quarter. 2017 full-year adjusted earnings were about $740 million. This was an increase of around $4 billion compared to 2016. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $540 million or $0.45 a share compared to the prior quarter, this was an improvement of about $350 million due to higher price realizations and higher volumes, partly offset by higher operating cost.  Compared to the fourth quarter of last year, adjusted earnings improved by about $850 million, driven by higher commodity prices, higher underlying production and lower depreciation expense. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings by segment are shown on the lower right. The supplemental data on our website provides additional financial detail on our segments. If you turn now to Slide 7, I'll cover cash flow during the quarter. First, looking at the sources of cash shown in green, cash from operations excluding working capital was $2.5 billion. This includes a benefit of about $300 million associated with the Ecuador arbitration. Excluding this benefit, we were right in line with our published sensitivities. The uses of cash are shown in red and we've already covered the debt reduction. On capital, I want to note that the $1.5 billion included about $230 million in land acquisition costs, which Al will cover in a few minutes. We also distributed $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. We ended the quarter with $8.2 billion of cash and short-term investments and we also hold 208 million shares of Cenovus. Before leaving the quarter, I want to take a moment to make a few comments about realizations in the quarter and our leverage to price upside. We're not certain that the market fully appreciates our differential exposure to rent and similar premium markers. Partly due to our global diversification and partly due to the pricing of our U.S. production, our realizations correlate much closer to Brent than they do WTI. If we look at fourth quarter about 83% of our global oil production was priced either on a Brent basis or a premium marker that’s closely correlated to Brent. The evidence of that pricing advantage is shown in our crude oil realizations. Brent increased by $9.13 a barrel from Q3 to Q4 and our U.S. oil realizations increased by slightly more $9.50 whereas WTI weakened relative to Brent by over $2 a barrel. You can see that we don't have the same exposure to relative WTI weakness that other AMPs do.  So, we are in a very strong financial position today, with significant leverage to rising commodity prices. We believe we have differential upside to prices because our portfolio is un-hedged, heavily weighted to Brent, and predominantly intact in royalty regimes, and we also benefit from contingent payments as a result of the recent transactions. I want to leave the 2017 financial review with a slide that emphasizes our focus on free cash flow generation, and on our disciplined priorities. Slide 8, illustrates our priorities at work.  Starting with the first set of bars on the left with Brent averaging just over $54 a barrel in 2017 we generated 7.1 billion of cash from operations excluding working capital. We spent 4.6 billion of capital which resulted in $2.5 billion of free cash flow. Our free cash flow generation power is a result of our low capital intensity, low sustaining price, and leverage to price upside. Either have these things or you don't and we do.  The second set of bars shows the significant progress we made on our balance sheet and distribution priorities in a short period of time. In 2017 we generated 14 billion of cash in proceeds, cash proceeds. We used $11 billion of this cash to reduce debt and to fund buybacks. So, in the course of the year our portfolio and balance sheet were significantly transformed and our shareholders received more than 60% of cash from operations. Lastly a reminder we provided 2018 guidance as well as earnings and cash sensitivities in the appendix of the deck. I want to draw your attention to two items that have positively impacted our income sensitivities. First, our 2018 DD&A guidance of 5.8 billion is improved by 1 billion versus 2017 actuals. The reduction is primarily the result of our 2017 dispositions and the reserve additions that Al will cover. Second our insensitivities also reflect the benefits of the new lower U.S. income tax rate. With that I'll hand the call over to Al to discuss 2017 reserves and operational highlights.
Alan Hirshberg: Thanks Don. I'll begin on Slide 10 with a review of our preliminary 2017 reserves. Final reserve details will be published in our 10-K in late February. We started the year with 6.4 billion barrels of reserves. We sold 1.9 billion barrels of primarily North American gas and bitumen reserves in 2017.  Adjusted for dispositions our pro forma 2016 year-end reserves were 4.5 billion barrels. We produced 518,000 barrels and booked additions of 605,000 barrels. Excluding market factors this represents a replacement rate from net additions of 117% with an FND cost of less than $9 a barrel.  In addition, market factors increased year end reserves by 431 million barrels for a total reserves addition of over 1 billion barrels. This equates to a 200% organic reserve replacement ratio excluding disposition impacts. We exited 2017 with over 5 billion barrels of high quality reserves as part of our 15-billion-barrel resource base that has an average cost of supply below $35 a barrel. This was good performance in a year, when we did not have additions from any major project sanctions. If you turn to slide 11, I’ll cover some 2017 highlights from our operations. 2017 was an exceptional year operationally. We had our best year ever on safety and environmental performance, while delivering 3% underlying production growth for $4.6 billion of capital. So, let me cover a few highlights.  In 2017, the Lower 48 Big Three unconventionals hit an inflection point and began growing again. In the fourth quarter of 2017 production from the Big Three averaged 236,000 barrels per day, a 10% increase from the fourth quarter of 2016. Also, in the fourth quarter, we acquired about 245,000 net acres of unconventional exploration leases and 3 different early stage Lower 48 plays for $235 million. We’re still coming -- we’re still coring up these positions. So, we are going to say much more about them today. I’m mentioning it partly to make a point that our fourth quarter CapEx included this capital. So, don’t assume fourth quarter CapEx represents a run rate for 2018.  Across the portfolio, we advanced several major projects including Alaska’s 1H news that achieved first oil in November. In Norway, the first Aasta Hansteen well was spud in November, and the spud will be towed offshore in the second quarter of 2018. We’re still on track to achieve first production before the end of the year.  We also advanced our exploration efforts to two exciting areas Alaska and Canada. We completed the preparatory and permitting work to drill 5 exploration wells in Alaska this winter. In the Montney in Canada, we grew our 100% equity position in the liquids-rich part of the play to over 100,000 acres and achieved encouraging results in our early wells. And finally, we announced the target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 5% to 15% by 2013. This is an important step in maintaining our ESG leadership. So that was a very quick recap of 2017. If you turn to slide 12, I’ll cover the 2018 outlook outlining some key catalyst to watch for in the coming year. As Ryan said at the beginning of the call, we’re committed to keeping our discipline. We’re sticking with the $5.5 billion capital plan we announced in November, while keeping an eye on inflation and working hard to mitigate those pressures if they come. We expect to deliver about 5% underlying production growth or over 10% on a per debt-adjusted share basis.  The bar on the right shows the basis for underlying target as well as the expected range for full year 2018 of 1,195,000 to 1,235,000 barrels per day. Some of you may have notice that the midpoint of this range is 15,000 barrels per day higher than what we showed on our Analyst Day in November. That increase accounts for the fact that underlying 2017 production was 15,000 barrels per day higher than we had assumed at the Analyst day. We expect first quarter production to be between 1,180,000 and 1,220,000 barrels per day. I want to bring one item to your attention. Early this year, our third-party pipeline outage in Malaysia caused the KBB field to be shut in. In the first quarter guidance range, we have assumed the KBB is offline for the remainder of the quarter. KBB's net gas production was about 25,000 oil equivalent barrels per day prior to the shut in, but we are not adjusting our full year production range for this outage. A couple of quick comments on the production profile for the year. We will have the usual second and third quarter turnarounds in APME, Europe and Alaska so those segments will dip in the middle of the year and rebound in the fourth quarter. Meanwhile we expect our lower 48 big three volumes to ramp up to deliver the 22% production growth for this year that we showed you in November.  The capital and production guidance I just provided does not include the impact from the Alaska transaction that we announced this morning. As you saw on the release we paid $400 million to acquire the remaining 22% working interest in our Western North Slope assets that we already operate and the 1.2 million gross acres of expiration development leases in the area, including the Willow discovery. We now own a 100% of these assets containing about 200 million barrels of gross reserves and about 900 million barrels of risk gross resource with gross production of about 63,000 barrels per day in 2017. We will begin reporting capital and production from this asset once we get regulatory approval.  2018 will be another busy year and there are some important milestones ahead. Several projects are expected to come online before the end of the year including Bohai Phase 3 in China, Clair Ridge in the UK, Aasta Hansteen in Norway and GMT1 in Alaska. We will keep you informed on these throughout the year. We also expect to enter feed on the Darwin LNG backfill, which is an important step for production early next decade. We have several exploration programs underway and look forward to progressing those in Montney the low 48 and Alaska. So, to close we remained focused on safely executing the disciplined plan we laid out in November delivering on our goals and keeping you informed during the year. Now we will turn the call over for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson: During the past year or so ConocoPhillips and a few peers pledged to manage with value-based strategies and as returns on cash flow increased to return capital to shareholders, and this model is clearly being rewarded differently in the stock market. And on this point, I noticed that your spending rose in Q4 and you made a strategic acquisition in Alaska as well but based on Al's comment it sounds like which you consider these to be normal seasonal or maybe opportunistic type expenditures rather than an early-stage expansion of the spending program, is that the correct way to think about it?
Ryan Lance: Yes, Doug I think that’s exactly the right way to think about it. We are sticking with our base program. We had an opportunistic Bolton opportunity in Alaska that we can talk more about if people have questions. But really that is a separate item from the base $5.5 billion plan that we have.  In terms of the 4Q spending, we had the $235 million of land acquisition that we talked about in the quarter. And so that that brought the fourth quarter in hot, if you subtract back that out and take fourth quarter and multiply by four you get $5.1 billion. So, ex that, that was the pace we were on in the fourth quarter.
Donald Wallette: Our plan hasn’t changed Doug, we're sticking as we said in our release, we're sticking to our $5.5 billion.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: I want you to talk a little bit about the Alaska opportunity set. From conversations with investors, whether it's your existing portfolio or these bolt-ons or will others still a level of skepticism around the cost to supply of Alaska? So, can you talk about how you think about Alaska in the context of your cost of supply curve? And then a little bit more detail about the asset that you've built into the portfolio a little bit more today?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Neil. Although, Alaska has been one of our legacy areas for a long time for the company. Similar to other parts of our portfolio, Alaska has made some tremendous progress in lowering the cost of supply for the base business up there as well as when we look at the opportunity set for investments to grow and develop.  So, despite us being in Alaska for forty years, the largest producer out there, we still see a lot of opportunity and in fact our production is flat to growing over the next five to 10 years, a lot of that's driven by things like the willow discovery and when we look at that it can piece very well in their portfolio, since that at a cost of supply that is very competitive to investments around the world and we have an opportunity. I think Anadarko was doing some things for their company to improve what they're doing. They had listed -- or expressed a desire to sell some assets and Alpine did one of those. I think we’re the natural buyer because we operate and we have the majority interest in the area. So, we were able to come to terms with them and we think it's attractive for both companies in terms of what they're -- what we're each trying to go do. So, make it made a heck of a lot of sense for us to pick up that interest and be in complete control, 100% owner and control the capital pace and destiny over there. So, yeah, it made a lot of sense for us and it was opportunistic. So, we took the chance and came in doing terms with them.
Neil Mehta: I appreciate the comments. The follow-up is just the production guidance raised 15,000 barrels a day. It sounds like that’s just rebasing off of a higher 2017 level. Where was the outperformance, was that lower 48, and if any comments there?
Donald Wallette: Yeah. So, you're right. That is just a rebase. There is a slide in the supplement that does the math for you, but of that 15 increase, 14 of it was delayed timing on asset sales that we assumed back at Analyst Day that were built in. And so, you just get a different base in the production that we had in 2017 and a little bit of it was a little bit higher performance as you saw on our fourth quarter volumes were a little bit above of what we'd assumed at the time of the Analyst Day. But it's mainly just rebasing off that higher underlying production in 2017.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: First question is just on the capital allocation, this will be for Don. So, Don, at the analyst day you guys were based in everything on the $50 WTI scenario obviously WTI is well above that now. But even if you just going up call it $10 on that assumption that the 2 billion or so more of CFO and the amount is incremental, buyback here is about $500 million. So, it seems like there is still a lot of extra cash available particularly if you are not going to be increasing activity or CapEx. So, could you just talk about how you think about that flexibility? And why the decision to raise 500 million versus a different number?
Donald Wallette: I feel like its maybe the important thing is to note that we are not going to get overly excited about the highest commodity prices right now. I think it's only been about 50 or 60 trading days since Brent broke $60 a barrel so there is a lot of volatility in the market as you are seeing.  We are not changing our baseline; our plans are still based on the same plans that we showed you back in November with the $50 WTI type price. And I think even there we showed you that we had surplus cash bills at the end of the -- over the three-year period. So, we certainly have the capacity to increase the dividend as we announced this morning and also increased to 30% or have a 30% increase in our buybacks.
Alan Hirshberg: I would add Phil, that we recognize there's some cash flow generation potential above and beyond what we were showing you at the analyst meeting and I think we wanted to re-demonstrate our commitment to shareholders up top. So, you got the number right $2 billion of incremental cash flow as you go from 50 to 60 in our company and the shareholder got the first call on that through the dividend increase and the incremental $500 million of share buybacks. I'll just remind people follow our priorities. We are pretty clear as we outline then and that’s what we are doing.
Phil Gresh: Very fair about where we are in the year. I guess just to clarify there is no desire to put more cash in the balance sheet and reduce debt below 15 billion or anything like that, correct?
Ryan Lance: No, not really Phil we are pretty clear on the $15 billion target by the end of 2019. We do feel like that’s the sweet spot, you start going lower than that adjusting capital structure it really kind becomes inefficient I think and also expensive. So, we are pretty happy with the 15, kind of strikes the right balance for us.
Phil Gresh: And then my second question is just on the lower 48. If you could give the numbers for each of the three areas of unconventional and then as I look at that 2018 guidance is ramping through the year. Does that mean that you will have greater than 20% growth or you are ramping to a level of 20% growth through the year? I just wanted to clarify that.
Ryan Lance: We are going to ask Paul a question there for the first piece which is the by field breakdown so he will have something different. So, for first quarter -- I mentioned the 236 for the big three added together, Eagle Ford is 148, Bakken at 67 and Delaware was 21. So those together sequentially were up 25 over the third quarter or about 12% but that’s not a very good number to focus on because we had Harvey deficit in the third quarter. But I think it is relevant to notice that it was up 10% quarter-over-quarter, fourth quarter of ’17 versus ’16.  In terms of your question about how we’re going to move through this year, the 22% is a full year ’18 number versus a full year ’17 number, that’s what we were talking about at the Analyst Day.  The exit-to-exit will of course be higher than that. In fact, I really expect as I look at the timing and the shape of the curve, we were doing a lot of bigger pads now than we were say a year ago more 6 and greater than 6 per wells per pad that make the production lumpy. And so, I don’t expect to be ratable through the year.  But to give you an idea, I would expect our Big Three to exit the year at over 300,000 barrels a day. So, if you kind of eyeball that with where we just were at 236 in the fourth quarter of last year, you can see kind of the pace that will be on. Even though, I don’t expect that to be linear to the year. That kind of exit rate, you can do math and see that will be -- if you look exit-to-exit, it’s a considerably bigger number than 22%. 
Phil Gresh: Why was Permian down in the quarter?
Ryan Lance: Permian is just lumpiness, it’s just the timing of -- as we’re doing this multi-well pads and when the different wells. When you’re doing a multi-well pad, you got to drill every one of those wells, so you got to come back to complete every one of those wells before you turning to those wells on and of course your other wells are declining while you’re doing. So, it was down 1,000 barrels a day, that’s just, just this kind of lumpiness that you’re going to see through the quarters I’m talking about. So, when first quarter comes along, I don’t expect over-interpret how that’s doing.  I know there has been a lot of -- in fact, one of the messages we heard from investors and analysts, since our Analyst Day some doubt about this 22% number. And I’ve been scratching my head trying to figure it out. So, I tried playing analyst for a day and look back at things as we’ve said before and did we give you some reason to doubt us? I would back and look at the script of the same call one year ago the 4Q ’16 call to see what I said then. And I said, I thought the fourth quarter of ’17 would be 5% to 10% than the fourth quarter of ’16, because we were going to go through a trough there in ’17 and then come up. And in fact, we hit the very high into that range 10% so that to give you confidence.  And then I went back and look at the public data. The public data that you can pull on Eagle Ford, Bakken and Delaware, and you can clearly see that the production rates, the per well production rates of our wells are considerably higher in ’17, they were in ’16 and continue to improve significantly. And so even our Dakota rig that’s moved up that we showed you at AIM has gotten even better since then. And so just, I’m okay, it’s good for you guys to be skeptical so we can prove you wrong later in the year. But there’s just not any data out there that says we’re not going to make it, I feel confident.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate : So, Ryan, obviously oil, where it’s standing right now, I don’t want to beat a dead horse here, but you know what's going to happen a year from now. I could still hear people are going to be asking why you’re not spending more money. So, I guess, can I ask you maybe put you on the spot a little bit and you led us through your plans just three months ago. Should we anticipate given what Don said about his comfort with the balance sheet? Should we continue to have these kinds of windfalls over the next two, three-year period but that would be an incremental share buyback? And if I may just go to on the backend where the acquisitions fit in opportunistically otherwise?
Ryan Lance: Well I think Don said that there is 69 trading days since we approached $60, so I think we are not going to get over our [skews] too much but we are going to follow the market and you should assume that our capital plan and the scope that we laid out and the plans we laid out at the Analyst Meeting are pretty firm and disciplined within the company. So, we are not planning to change that scope. So, we are going to look at incremental opportunities as they become available and that's exactly what we did on the Alaska opportunity. And of course, the $400 million isn't included in that $5.5 billion. So, we recognize that is we execute our plans, then look at our priorities you have to think about how we are delivering money back to the shareholder, what we are putting back into the company and how we are growing and developing the company is the priority as you guide when you go do that. With prices hanging there, we will continue to evaluate as we go through the course of the year, over the next two or three years depending on what prices may do and if you follow our priorities you will see how we will act.
Doug Leggate : My follow-up, I don't know if you will be able to answer this or if you would really like to answer this, but the $235 million land acquisition I guess has been described as an early stage so it doesn't sound like its Delaware. Can you offer any color as to what you are thinking there and as an add-on is this opportunistic or is this probably going to get some attention because it seems there is a lot of asset holders around the place whether it would be Delaware, Eagle Ford or whatever, they are likely to be asset sellers into this higher oil price environment? So, do you have a scale of where opportunistic acquisitions has kind of ceiling or you look at everything?
Ryan Lance: So, the acreage acquisition is early life exploration acreage in some unconventional plays around the U.S. We are still really actively trying to call that up, as I talked about. So, when I'm talking about -- because we are in a market today trying to build on some of those positions. So, we are just not going to speak to that today do that. On the opportunistic side we look at a lot, we look at a lot of assets, we look a lot of stuff on the M&A side and it just got to make sense and be creative in our portfolio and competitive on a full cycle basis. So, when we look at an acquisition we have -- we don't just look at the forward kind of spend that we think it's going to take and is that competitive. We look at that on a full cycle basis including what we have to pay for it. So, some of the hot stuff in the Permian Delaware basin that you know is expensive, and while we look at it, it's just not competitive in the portfolio at $30,000 an acre. But obviously we are not -- and some of these opportunities that we are buying there they are very competitive in the portfolio, make a lot of sense. We are [acquiring] up existing positions that we have and we look to do that more often if we got opportunities to do that.
Donald Wallette: Right we are able to do that if it's less than $1,000 an acre here when you divide the two numbers obviously.
Ryan Lance: Yes, so they make an incremental amount of sense for the long-term growth and development of the company.
Doug Leggate : I probably just stretched to get the location but we will wait for that in the future. Thanks, guys.
Ryan Lance: It will come, Doug, we are just -- we are out there competing and we want to maintain our competitive advantage.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys, good morning.
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Paul.
Donald Wallette: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Maybe, this is for Al. Al when we are looking at the U.S. onshore, the nominal pause is that we are seeing some inflation, but with the productivity gain, do you think that on a per unit basis that your unit costs you will be able to operate or that you are going to see maybe 2% or 3% increase?
Al Hirshberg: Yeah. So…
Paul Cheng: And you can also maybe…
Al Hirshberg: You are specifically asking about…
Paul Cheng: I was going to say, you can also comment on international, I think the spot cost is no longer dropping, but do you have any contract being rolled so that your international unit cost may actually be down.
Al Hirshberg: Okay. So, you are really asking an inflation question I guess. Is that the main focus or are you interested in just Lower 48 onshore costs? I'm not sure where your focus was.
Paul Cheng: Yes, the combination. I mean we know that inflation in the onshore and I don't think we've seen any inflation in the international market, but…
Al Hirshberg: Right. Okay.
Paul Cheng: But the productivity gain and also project [overall] just trying to understand, how that all ramp-up in terms of your own 2018 versus 2017-unit costs as a result?
Al Hirshberg: Right. So just to remind as where we've kind of been with inflation and deflation, when you look back for the full year 2017, when we do that math it did -- in the year with some inflation Lower 48 and some deflation internationally and when we add all that it comes to a negative $29 million. So, it was a slight net deflation, but you compare it -- so basically about a wash, but compare that to the past two years and in 2015, we had over $1 billion of deflation versus 2014 and then even after that $1 billion we had another $900 million of deflation in 2016 versus 2015. So, this was quite a change from the last two years to come out roughly even. In 2018, in our plan we are assuming some level of inflation is built into that $5.5 billion. But remember as we said during the Analyst Day that $5.5 billon was the amount of inflation we built into that was set for a $50 WTI world, that's the inflation that we have built in there.
Paul Cheng: And you are talking about CapEx side but on the cash operating costs?
Al Hirshberg: Okay. So, let me talk about our cash operating costs in 2018 versus 2017. Basically, what we're doing is after you adjust out for dispositions kind of one-time items and get to sort of our core pro-forma operating costs is 2017 and then take the unit costs of that with our volume excluding Libya and then what we're doing is holding our unit costs flat in 2018 to what we've accomplished in 2017. What that means is that we're going to have to offset any inflation versus 2017 ForEx pressures. Libya has been producing more and more and we're getting to where OpEx and Libya is alone is rounding to a tenth of $1 billion, it's getting to be significant and also, we have a heavy turnaround year in 2018 versus 2017. So, all of those are putting pressure on our unit costs and our plan is to offset all of those things with greater efficiencies in 2018 versus 2017 to hold our overall worldwide unit costs flat.
Paul Cheng: Okay. A quick follow-up, actually, no follow-up but a question on Alaska, the bolt-on acquisition if I look at the price you pay it seems like you pay for about $29,000 for daily bill of production capacity or maybe about $9 per barrel of the recovered book barrel if we are using 200 million gross. Those seems very low number. Is this any hidden cost in that that's why that Anadarko willing to sell at such a cheap price? I am trying to understand that is there any other thing that we need to consider when we are looking at those numbers? Those are great numbers.
Ryan Lance: No there is no hidden things in the deal, what you see is what you get. I think for us clearly this is a core strategic position for us in Alaska. We have got a lot of [Technical Difficulty] in drilling and exploration teams and the things are going to bring us in a Western North Slope going forward. Willow was early evidence of that, but with that over 1 million acres out there we have got a lot of prospectivity going forward. Remember I talked about our compressive seismic at analyst day we have got a compressive seismic shoot scheduled there this winter. So, there is a lot of interesting things that we see is upside that are core to us that I think for Anadarko it just wasn't a core asset for them. So, it's just a little different view of the property.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Al did I hear you say [approximately] in relation to the very strong reserves booking you had no major project expansions last year?
Al Hirshberg: That's correct, yes. So, to come in over 100% excluding the market factors in a year when we didn't have any major projects sanctions is good performance. And it was really driven by the Lower 48. I think that the improved recoveries just talking about you go look in the public data and you will see how much our wells have improved particularly in the Eagle Ford since our latest completion design changes. And that's not only given us higher rates, it's given us improved recoveries. And that combined with getting more mature on these Lower 48 unconventionals, so we have got more well history allows us to book additional reserves and our continuing lowering of unit costs also takes out further in time the economic life of these wells and allows you to book a little more. So those increased bookings in Lower 48 is really what allowed us to do that when you wouldn't have thought we have been able to without any major project adds.
Paul Sankey: Yes, times have changed Al. So, the outlook for the CRMs of sanctioned maybe for the next two three I guess you may be able to give us just an update on if there is other stuff in the pipeline?
Al Hirshberg: We showed you that pipeline at the analyst meeting that's pretty lumpy. And so, we will have some sanctions over the coming years, things like GMT2 that we would expect for next year. You have got the Darwin backfill that should come after that. And so, recall that what we said at the analyst meeting in November was that in any given year when you don't have any of those we might not make 100% but when you look at it over the next five years and average out those lumpy major projects adds that we will -- we would expect to be over 100%. In this case, I know we didn't have any -- we were over 100% for '17 anyhow.
Paul Sankey: And then if I could ask you a follow up. I don't want to be negative but there are fees of ForEx and higher oil price type effects in your OpEx cost gains if I understood your commentary on that. Could you just sort of try and give us a pro rata view of where you think that can get to let's say by 2019, I hope that makes sense? I mean you can keep driving it down without all the moving parts for the somewhat micro relative I guess.
Al Hirshberg: Well, I mean my expectation is that as we continue to grow our production that we are going to maintain our unit costs flat as we experience ForEx pressures, inflationary pressures. That we are going to offset those with continued improved efficiency, our operating teams have demonstrated the ability to do that. So, my expectation is we continue to be able to do that. The Libya thing is a little bit of a tough deal, because we don't count the Libya barrels in the unit costs that I'm trying to hold flat. But as they get bigger and bigger Libya now is producing about 3% of our total corporate production. But I'm not using the barrels in my unit cost calculation, but I am including the costs in my costs. So, like I said, it's getting to be a tenth of a billion now so it's -- we may to think about how we are doing that calculation some point. But that's -- I don't see anything come in that's going to keep us from been able to continue to hold our unit production flat.
Operator: Our next question is from Alastair Syme of Citi. Please go ahead.
Alastair Syme: I absolutely agree with Paul, the underlying movement in reserves is a pretty impressive achievement in 2017. As the post, did you have a view on what would constitute an efficient reserve life for the business? Or do you think it's even realistic or right to measure efficiency around reserve loss as a metric?
Al Hirshberg: Well, I mean, I guess, if you look at our RP now with this latest, its north of 10, 10 to 11 kind of range. We think that's a reasonable place to be, but it's not something we are aiming for one way or the other. By selling some of our SAGD assets, that tends to shorten your RP, because those were high RP assets. A lot of what drives that is more mix of the kind of assets that we are developing. So, I think that we don't take any grand meaning from that particular number, we are not trying to manage it in one direction or another.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Maybe a point of clarification on the corporate tax reform stuff. Is there an impact to your effective tax rate and the -- is there use of the proceeds? Would you expect to repatriate foreign cash and if so will that just go into the mix in the balance sheet or whether there had be any use of those proceeds?
Donald Wallette: Ryan on the effective tax rate, sure, we'll see a lowering of the effective tax rate. The U.S. effective tax rate will go down about 12%, 14% or so. So, on a global basis that will probably push it down maybe 5% I would say.
Ryan Todd: Will that have any impact in 2017 on your actual taxes -- on your cash taxes [pays]?
Donald Wallette: Well as you may recall we are not in a tax paying position in the U.S. and probably won't be until early 2020, so it's dependent on price of course. So, we are not going to see any cash impacts or very small cash impacts until we recapture those historic losses.
Ryan Todd: And then…
Donald Wallette: Sorry the other question was on…
Ryan Todd: Repatriated cash?
Donald Wallette: Repatriation right, well there is two aspects of sort of repatriation of the cash. We don't expect to do -- to see that. We have always been able to access our foreign accounts without adverse tax consequences. So, there's really no change there. And then as far as the deemed repatriation on foreign earnings of course we have got a lot of historic foreign earnings but they will be deemed repatriation tax on that but we have ample foreign tax credits to offset any impact that would have. So, the net-net result is no impact from deemed repatriation.
Ryan Todd: And maybe can I just ask one on the Montney, I mean it's come up a few different times during the -- over the course of the presentation. I know at the analyst day you highlighted some of the incremental acres out there over 100,000 acres. Can you talk a little about what the plan looks like to the Montney over the course of this year? I know that there is a spacing test going on in 2018 what's the timing around that? And maybe just general thoughts on what you're looking at in the Montney [indiscernible] this year?
Ryan Lance: Right, okay, there is a lot of work going on there in '18 to '19 that I would characterize as appraisal work. The problem with these Montney wells is they are so great that if you want to do a spacing and stacking test where you have a handful of wells you got to build quite a bit infrastructure just to handle all the production that comes gushing out. So, to do a single pad spacing and stacking test which is where we're headed we have to -- we have got to build a gas plant, we have got to build a crude condensate processing plant, we got to build a water treatment plant and it's about 35,000 barrels a day worth of capacity on OEB basis, so about 110 million a day gas plant that kind of thing just to be able to hand the production from our appraisal testing. So that's really what we are focused on. We will start construction of those facilities this year and finish the construction next year. And so that will get us into the next round of really solid data on Montney too that will guide our development work, so there will be more to come on that.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: I was wondering with APLNG in distribution, with where oil prices are, can you just talk through the process you and your partners are going to go through to decide if and when the timing is appropriate in 2018?
Ryan Lance: Sure, I can take that. I think we mentioned last quarter that APLNG at that time was continuing to build cash balances and they did through their quarter -- no distributions were made during the fourth quarter. But I would say that at current prices APLNG is in a position where they will consider distributions from the company and we would expect that prices whole where they are that we would have regular dividends through the year.
Scott Hanold: And when would we get better visibility on the timing of that? Is it the next quarter call or is this more of a back half of the year type of event?
Ryan Lance: I think we'll be prepared to discuss any action that's been taken at the next quarterly call.
Scott Hanold: Okay. I appreciate that. And my follow-up question. Obviously, you guys are pretty well positioned, especially if these oil prices hold firm, to have a lot of extra free cash flow this year. And it is a prior year priority obviously to invest organically at some point in time. And could your discus if say, circa $60 oil prices are here to say this year. Where would be that first lever as you look to add some organic activity?
Ryan Lance: Well, Scott, we're staying on our plan. So, you can think about that at least on a capital investment side independent of what happens this year on prices. We set our scope and we're executing that scope this year.
Operator: Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: I was wondering, can we follow-up a little bit on the Barossa field development in Australia, just kind of where that is? There has been some chattering in the press about how that may move forward more aggressively here in '18 and whether or not that is accurate or how you're looking at it?
Al Hirshberg: I think, I talked in the last call about the impressive results we got from the latest appraisal at Barossa and the progress we've been making. We're -- we've been in the marketplace, talking to the key contractors, getting ready to enter feed, front end engineering design on the project. And so, I expect by the time, we get to this, next -- to our next call that we will be -- we will have entered or we will be very close to it, so we're getting close to that point. And then of course we'll have to make our way through to the feed process. But it's continued to move on track on schedule.
Roger Read: And then the unrelated kind of follow-up, lot of talk about, how to keep your OpEx on a per unit basis flat. Let's maybe leave Libya out of it. I'm just sort of curious, it's not like everybody hasn't been focused on costs the last couple of years. What are the sort of identifiable let's say efficiencies or cost savings that you can pull out over the coming quarters and maybe next couple of years?
Al Hirshberg: Yes. What we have in every one of our business units and regions doing is they've each got these kind of challenge processes going, they have got different names for them in each of the different countries. But it's really a ground up process where, we have an organized way of people suggesting ways to save money and sometimes that is our $20 million ideas and sometimes, they're $20,000 ideas. And we've been scooping them all up, and it's a very ground-up organic process. Data analytics has been a powerful course and helped us drive down our costs. And so, it's -- there is not someone silver bullet thing that's driven our costs down. It's been thousands of small things adding up and we're continuing to track, you might have thought that it would have been a low hanging fruit kind of process and there was some of that. But we found that really, we built as soon as a sustainable process now in our operating units going forward. So that's the tool that we are using to continue to offset the upward pressures.
Ryan Lance: In addition to the hard work of lowering costs that Al just referred to, we also kind of going back to the analyst day when we talked about cash margin expansion of 5% annually over the next three years, we noted that the single largest contributor to that was really the investments that we are making and where we are making them in places like Eagle Ford where the lifting costs are ultra-low. And so, the investments that we are making this year over the next three years are going into areas that are extremely accretive to our corporate unit cost. And so, there's also that investment effect as well.
Operator: Our next question is from John Herrlin of Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
John Herrlin: Two for Al. Do you expect on this new shell acreage in the U.S. to clear it up this year completely?
Al Hirshberg: Yes, I think so. I mean I think it's a fairly near-term sort of process. So, I think that's right this year.
John Herrlin: Next one, could you give the percentage -- I know you don't have your supplemental disclosures out but what was the percentage of your proven reserves that were put as a percentage of total?
Al Hirshberg: Yes, we will have to follow up with you on that to give you those detailed numbers.
Operator: And our last question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Al just been listening to you put your analyst hat on and you made me realize you would be quite a sell side analyst, trust me you [indiscernible] corporate side though.
Al Hirshberg: It's always good to have a backup plan.
Blake Fernandez: I wanted to ask a couple of Don if I could. Just on the DD&A based on our numbers that's going to add just under $1 a share to EPS and I guess I was surprised with the magnitude. I think we had $7 billion post asset sales previously, so it seems to us like the whole move I guess would have just been reserve revisions. Could you just elaborate on that?
Donald Wallette: No. That's really is, it's the improvement in the reserves primarily in the Lower 48.
Blake Fernandez: And then on the deferred tax I just wanted to confirm the revaluation, the negative $900 million or so it seems like that's fully aligned with basically the revaluation you took on U.S. tax reform. So, I just wanted to confirm going forward like that's a onetime event going forward do you expect that to be either flatter or positive is that the right way to think about that?
Donald Wallette: Yes, the tax reform and the deferred tax revaluation was a onetime event, I would say onetime but the SEC has given companies the ability to make adjustments to those provisional numbers because they realized the amount of work it takes to revalue company's assets and liabilities, so there might be minor tweaks as we go through the year but that's not really the point. So, if you strip that effect out of the fourth quarter then you would say deferred tax I believe a source of maybe $50 million in round terms slight sources so is basically balanced and kind of a wash.
Blake Fernandez: Okay.
Donald Wallette: So, we would expect that to -- that's about where we would expect it to be.
Blake Fernandez: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP, Investor Relations and Communications for closing remarks.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Christine, and thanks to all of our listeners. We are obviously more than happy to answer any follow-up questions that you have. Thank you for staying over time a bit and we really appreciate your time and interest. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc. Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd. Guy Baber - Simmons & Company Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Christine, and welcome to all of our call participants this morning. Today's presenters will be Don Wallette, our EVP of Finance, Commercial and our Chief Financial Officer and Al Hirshberg, our EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects. Our cautionary statement is shown on page two of today's presentation deck. We will make some forward-looking statements during today's call that refer to estimates and plans. Actual results could differ due to the factors noted on this slide and also described in our periodic SEC filings. We will also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures in today's call. The purpose of these is to help facilitate comparisons across periods and between peers. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and again on our website. Finally, this morning, we're going to limit during Q&A your questions to one and a follow up. And with that, I'm going to turn the meeting over to Don.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Thank you, Ellen, and good morning. I'll start on slide four with our key strategic financial and operational highlights for the third quarter. Starting on the left side of the chart with strategy, this quarter was another impactful one for our company. We've executed a number of transformational decisions to accelerate our differentiated, disciplined and returns-focused strategy. During the quarter, we closed the sales of our San Juan basin and Panhandle assets. We also continued progressing several other sales that should close in the fourth quarter or early next year. We expect to deliver greater than $16 billion of asset sales during 2017. In the third quarter, we paid down another $2.4 billion of debt, bringing our balance sheet debt to $21 billion. In the quarter, we received a credit rating upgrade and we are on track for the year-end debt balance to be under our target of $20 billion. We repurchased $1 billion of our shares during the quarter, which takes us to over $2 billion repurchased for the year, representing about a 3.5% reduction in outstanding shares year to date. We expect to buy back another $1 billion of shares in the fourth quarter. Between our dividend and the expected share buybacks, capital returned to shareholders would represent the equivalent of 60% to 70% of our operating cash flow in 2017. Moving to the middle column, our third quarter financial results extended the momentum we've built over the past year to achieve profitability and maintain cash flow neutrality in a $50 price environment. On an adjusted earnings basis, we were profitable for the second successive quarter, realizing a profit of about $200 million, or $0.16 a share. We generated $1.1 billion of cash from operations excluding working capital. I want to point out that operating cash flows this quarter were impacted by a choice we made to use a portion of our cash balances to accelerate funding of future pension obligations with a $600 million cash infusion. I'll cover this item in more detail in a few slides. Excluding the pension item, cash flow was right in line with our expectations and consistent with our published sensitivities. On a year-to-date basis, cash from operations is $4.5 billion, which exceeds CapEx and dividends by over $400 million despite the $600 million CFO reduction I just mentioned. As we've shown for more than a year now, our cash flows have more than covered our CapEx and dividends. We don't require a pathway or market help to get to cash neutrality. Adjusted operating costs were 15% lower year on year, as we continue to lower our breakeven price across the portfolio. Moving to our operational results on the right. We're meeting or exceeding all of our operational targets. Production excluding Libya for the quarter was 1.2 million BOE a day. Adjusting for dispositions, our underlying production on a per-debt adjusted share basis grew by 19% compared to the third quarter of last year. We successfully completed the last lenders' test at APLNG, which allowed us to release the final project financing loan guarantee. And we continue to execute our 2017 capital program scope at lower costs. As Al will cover in more detail, we're lowering our capital guidance for the year to $4.5 billion. That's a reduction of $500 million or 10% compared to our initial 2017 guidance. So to recap, this quarter's performance again reinforces the transformation we've made as a company. We're delivering on our priorities and continuing to build momentum. And while the outlook for commodity prices has improved recently, we remain committed to our disciplined, returns-focused strategy that creates shareholder value. If you turn to slide five, I'll walk through the third quarter financial results. With WTI averaging about $48 a barrel and Henry Hub about $3 an MCF, our average realized price was around $39 per BOE. Compared to the prior quarter, adjusted earnings improved slightly because of higher realizations and equity earnings, partly offset by disposition impacts. Compared to the year-ago quarter, adjusted earnings improved by over $1 billion, with the improvement driven by higher commodity prices, lower depreciation and exploration expenses and the impact of dispositions. Third quarter adjusted earnings by segment are shown on the lower right. The supplemental data on our website provides additional financial detail. If you turn to slide six, I'll cover our cash flows during the quarter. First, looking at the sources of cash shown in green, cash from operations was $1.1 billion, which as I mentioned, was impacted by our decision make a $600 million cash contribution to our U.S. pension fund. As we continue to strengthen our financial position, we look across the balance sheet for opportunities to reduce long-term obligations. This payment represents an economic acceleration of future contributions which will also serve to reduce cash flow volatility and increase flexibility going forward. The other major source of cash during the quarter was asset sales, which generated $3 billion. The uses of cash, shown in red, were in line with expectations we provided during our last earnings call. We used $2.5 billion to retire debt and distributed $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. We ended the quarter with $9.6 billion of cash and short-term investments. If you turn to slide seven, I'll wrap up by covering year-to-date cash flows to emphasize our focus on free cash flow generation. This slide illustrates the disciplined approach we take to running the company. Starting with the first set of bars on the left, as I just said, year-to-date operating cash flows have more than exceeded spending on capital investments and dividend distributions. The second set of bars shows how cash proceeds from dispositions, our pre-funding our debt reduction and share repurchases. In addition to the roughly $14 billion of cash proceeds shown here, we also have $2 billion of equity in Cenovus, which will be converted to cash proceeds over time. So in summary, the business continues to run well. Now let me turn it over to Al to give you some color on the operations.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Don. I'll provide a brief overview of our third quarter operating highlights and our outlook for the rest of the year, including our updated capital guidance. Operationally, we had another strong quarter, despite some tough weather challenges here in Texas. As Don mentioned, production excluding Libya averaged 1.2 million barrels per day. Despite a 15,000 barrel per day reduction in the quarter due to Hurricane Harvey, better performance from our global portfolio allowed us to offset this loss and still exceed the midpoint of guidance by 12,000 barrels per day. Year on year, this represents an increase in underlying production of 1.4%. During the quarter, we ran 12 operated rigs in the Lower 48 Big Three unconventional assets, six in the Eagle Ford, four in the Bakken and two in the Delaware Basin. Our Big Three unconventional production was 211,000 barrels per day with 123,000 per day from Eagle Ford, 66,000 per day from the Bakken and 22,000 per day from the Delaware. This was about flat to the second quarter of 2017 but included the impact of Hurricane Harvey. Excluding this impact, production from the Big Three unconventionals would have been about 6% higher sequentially. In Canada, Surmont achieved a record daily production of 141,000 barrels a day gross during the quarter. The project continues to ramp up toward full capacity. In Australia, APLNG ran at 110% of nameplate and demonstrated 98% uptime. We've shipped 92 cargos through the end of the third quarter. In Alaska and Europe, we safely executed significant turnaround activities which now completes our major turnarounds for 2017. And finally, across the portfolio, we're making great progress on our conventional projects. In Alaska, we spud the first wells at 1H NEWS with first oil expected before year-end. Meanwhile, GMT1 is still on track for first oil by the end of 2018 with costs running well under budget. The Aasta Hansteen topsides left port in South Korea headed for Norway and this project is also on track for first production by late 2018. Work also continues on Clair Ridge and Bohai phase 3, both of which are on track for first production in 2018. Now, moving on to slide 10, I'll provide an update on our 2017 outlook. We're lowering our full year 2017 capital guidance for the second time this year. We now expect to spend $4.5 billion. We continue to do more for less. The updated capital guidance represents a 10% reduction from our original budget. Despite this CapEx reduction, we expect to exceed our original production guidance. This year, we now expect to deliver 3% underlying production growth, and that's 17% on a debt-adjusted share basis. On the left side of the slide, we list key fourth quarter and full year guidance metrics. Below the capital, you can see our fourth quarter production guidance is 1.195 million to 1.235 million barrels per day, and we've tightened the previous full year production range to between 1.350 million and 1.360 million barrels per day. Our remaining drivers are tracking closely with our guidance. So that's a quick recap of the quarter. As Don said, business is running well. We continue to look forward to providing an update of our future plans at our analyst and investor meeting on November 8. So I'll turn the call over now to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Oh, hi. Good morning, everybody. Excuse me, I needed to clear my throat. Hi, everyone. So I'm not optimistic on getting too many forward-looking questions answered today, but I'm -
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Come on.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I may give it a go so just one forward-looking and one about the quarter, if I may. $55 Brent all the way out in the strip from what we can tell now. You guys are obviously fairly levered to that. So it kind of changes the narrative a little bit about where your cash breakeven is for the portfolio and your choice between sustaining the buyback program perhaps beyond the disposal proceeds that you brought in versus reinvesting in the company. So I know you're going to get into this in a couple weeks, can you just frame for us what a $55 world, what does Conoco think about by way of growth versus continued debt-adjusted per share growth?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well that, Doug, that almost sounds like you've written the title of one of our slides for the week after next for our Analyst Meeting, so I think you've teed it up perfectly. And we're going answer it then, as you predicted.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, I'd thought I'd give it a go, but anyway, it sounds optimistic. So thank you for that. My quarterly question is really a real simple one. The U.S. is exporting this week again close to 2 million barrels a day of oil. It seems to us that we're now starting to see some real linkage, I guess, between certain parts of the Lower 48 and Brent pricing, so more of a Brent minus than a WTI plus kind of number. So I'm just curious, is that what you're seeing? Do you think it's sustainable, and if so, maybe you could help us with how you think that would impact the relative investment decisions for the Eagle Ford as we go forward? I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yes, Doug, this is Don. I can comment a little bit on that. When you look at our U.S. production in total, we're pretty heavily weighted towards the Brent side and not so much exposed to WTI, and a large part of that is because our Alaska North Slope, which is the largest portion of our U.S. really trades similar to Brent. Probably what's not recognized well enough is our Eagle Ford production that you alluded to, about half of that production is marketed on an LLS component basis and as you know, LLS and Brent have had a pretty strong relationship. So we're not seeing the same impacts of the widening differentials that you might expect there. I do expect going forward that those relationships, they have maintained in the past, so I don't see why they would break down in the future. As far as exports themselves, we've been pretty active in the export, I'd say, in the first and second quarters this year and going back to last year, but we're seeing demand pretty strong domestically now. And so I think in the third quarter, I don't believe we had any waterborne cargos going outside the country. We did have some going inland or within the country. But we're seeing markets improve here in the U.S., and as I mentioned, we're pretty exposed to Brent relative to WTI.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just to be clear, Don, so if export capacity is obviously up, can you envisage 100% of the Eagle Ford being marketed on a Brent basis or no?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think 100% would be an awful lot. I don't know what dynamic would have to cause that. Today, and in the third quarter, we didn't see the advantage, the arbitrage advantage in exporting relative to the strength that we were seeing domestically. I think there will be times when you see – I mean, if you go back last year, we had a good bit going outside the country, and, but 100% is probably something that we wouldn't be expecting.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate the answers guys. I'll see you in a couple weeks. Thank you.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Doug.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Don, just curious that for APLNG I presume we're now in a positive cash flow position, and I believe you must be building a cash cushion in the joint venture. So if the price stays here, when do you think the partner will start to receive the cash dividend payout from that? I mean, in some way that your cash flow from operation in this quarter not only impact by the $600 million of the pension contribution but also impacted by the not distributing the cash from the APLNG. Is that correct?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, we do have, I mean you're right, Paul, we do have cash that's building up in APLNG as we've said before, the cash, the net cash flow breakeven there in fact is somewhere in the $45 to $50 Brent range. And so, yeah, we have been building cash within the joint venture. And if prices stay where they are for the rest of the year, it's quite possible that we could see a fourth quarter distribution from APLNG, and then we would expect that to correspond to prices next year as well.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. So that's an active area of discussion in the joint venture right now, Paul. And we of course want to make sure we maintain enough cash build going into next year to cover loan payments as they schedule out next year. But even with that, at these kind of prices, you're absolutely right that we're building excess cash and we'll be in a discussion about distribution timing. But no decision has been taken on that yet at this point.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And now since that I have you here, the $4.5 billion of the revised CapEx for this year, that would suggest that fourth quarter would jump to $1.4 billion. You've been doing about $1 billion a quarter. What may be the effect behind why we that see that jump by 40%?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. So we did $1.1 billion this quarter.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And also – you can also talk about that, whether $4.5 billion is really what you consider is now your new sustainable CapEx requirement.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, that latter question we'll cover in two weeks. But it was $1.1 billion this past quarter, and we're forecasting between $1.3 billion and $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter to get to that $4.5 billion number. And the key drivers to that increase, we have been on a fairly steady increase through the year in the Lower 48 on overall activity, and so there is still some more build in actual CapEx spend, and that's 3Q to 4Q in the Lower 48. And that's actually exacerbated a little bit by the Harvey effect, because there was some money that didn't get spent in the third quarter due to Harvey and just some work that you weren't doing because we were down for that for a period of time. But we also have increases quarter to quarter in Bohai Bay as that phase 3 project, as that continues to ramp. We expect that spending to be up. And also, our drilling programs in Alaska and Europe are both going to be up, we expect third quarter to fourth quarter. And so those are the key pieces.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning. So first question is just on kind of a follow-up on the CapEx question. I mean, $4.5 billion of CapEx, 3% production growth, I certainly don't think anyone expected that at the beginning of this year. Al, maybe you could just provide a little color about how you feel like the company has been able to accomplish this, and then whether you think that you can continue to grow at these types of rates at this level of spend. It's obviously a choice, but how do you think about that?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. I think, Phil, we really accomplished this – I mean, you're right that we have done better than we expected, the plan we laid out for ourselves at this time last year as we were looking into 2017, and we've continued to do a really good job of driving efficiency. That's been a key part of our capital discipline. It's allowed us to lower our capital costs. We've been successful at resisting inflation to a large extent in the Lower 48, and our production performance has really come out on the high side in a number of different places, and those things have kind of added together to give that outperformance. And as I look at it, I made some comments on the last quarterly call that as I travel around and see this outperformance and try to really understand what's driving it, as I said last quarter, I think in our organization, operationally as we've reduced the amount of money that we were spending on big projects, the growth money, the $17 billion we used to spend in this company back in 2014, our organization has been able to spend a lot more focus on the base. And our base production is really a big part of what's been outperforming, and I do expect that to continue. So without front running our story in two weeks, I think you can expect that we'll show you our latest calculations on that. But this is not a one-trick deal this year. It's going to continue, I think.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Okay. Very clear. A second question, I guess, for Don. This one would be, again, don't want to front run the Analyst Day, but some of the key tenets that you've talked about over the past several quarters has been 20% to 30% of CFO back to the shareholder and $3 billion of buybacks between 2018 and 2020. And those were not in the slides today. I just want to ensure that there is no real change to that commitment on a go-forward basis. Obviously, you're going to have a bigger update more broadly.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: No. Right, Phil. Yeah, we'll be laying all that out here in a couple weeks for you, but absolutely no backtracking from any of those commitments. So you'll see that again here in a few weeks.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. If I could ask another question on the capital spending budget, coming down quite a bit just sequentially quarter to quarter. Al, could you provide a little color on that? Are you seeing some – was that a change in your service cost expectations? Was that part related to less activity related to hurricane? And just a little bit of color on specifically what that reduction was for.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Sure. Let me talk a little more about that. I mean at a high level, it is, as I was talking about a minute ago, just reflecting our continued capital discipline, but there is this resisting inflation part. I think since a little over a quarter ago when the industry in the Lower 48 had a bit of the tapping on the brakes that people have talked about, that has really halted Lower 48 inflation in its tracks for the most part. And so, some of our assumed inflation that we thought we would see earlier in the year in the second half, we aren't seeing. And that little bit of slowdown and reduction in rigs that we've seen and slowdown in activity has been enough to give us an absence of inflation that we had been assuming. But we also are continuing to see increases in efficiency across the Lower 48 and across the world. We've also had, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, GMT1, one of our major projects that we have going in Alaska, has continued to really perform well on the project side and is under-spending relative to the budget, and so that's a savings. And then you mentioned Harvey. There is a little bit of Harvey delay where there's some work that we weren't doing or paying for during the time we were down for Harvey that is a little tiny piece of this reduction.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. So the bulk of it, it's actually organic stuff happening, right? So that's -
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: That's right. And I should also – there's one other thing is there's we've also seen some reduction on the operated by others side. So a little less AFEs coming in from some of our partners where they're operating than we would have forecast, as they've slowed down a bit from what the plans we were expecting from them.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's great color. And maybe this one's for Don. You gave some brief comments in your prepared remarks on the Cenovus ownership. Obviously the lock-up's expiring here soon. Could you provide a little more detail on big picture, kind of how you look at that ownership and what you kind of want to see as you go down the path of how and when you monetize it?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Sure, Scott, a little bit at least. The standstill, as you mentioned, that's coming up pretty soon. It expires November 17, so we'll be free to market the equity any time after that. The market value right now is right around $2 billion, I believe. This equity was really transactional currency, as you know. So we're not natural long-term owners, not strategic owners, so we'll be reducing our position over time. I think you should expect that given our financial position, we'll be patient. We can afford to be patient, and so our approach is going to be value driven.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Appreciate that. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Maybe one first on the U.S. onshore. I know you averaged 12 rigs in the quarter. What's the current rig count in the U.S. onshore? And how should we think about that trajectory into 2018?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well of course, we'll cover 2018 the week after next, but I mean, I think that certainly I can without terribly front running things say that you can expect to see from us for the Lower 48 for 2018 a very disciplined program. You're not going see anything crazy in two weeks. And you're going to see the same general kind of activity levels and we may have rigs of opportunity that we add or subtract here and there as we have certain situations, but I think we're at a pretty comfortable rig level at that kind of number that you mentioned.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe on the project side, I mean you've mentioned Alaska a couple times on the ongoing projects. The Willow discovery as well as discoveries by others in the region, Alaska, have mostly kind of flown under the radar up to this point. Can you talk a little bit about what activity you may have planned in Alaska in that area over the next 12 plus months and what role it could play in either driving modest growth or maintaining volumes in the region?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, we have this pipeline of projects in Alaska, a lot of good news there on things that have been going well, everything from CD5 to GMT1 to 1H NEWS that are all going well. Just take CD5 for an example for a moment. When we took FID on CD5, we were projecting plateau volumes of 16,000 barrels a day gross and we're now at 26,000 barrels a day. So projects like that have allowed us to continue to extend maintaining our production and we've already said that we plan to drill five exploration wells in Alaska this winter. In addition to that, three of those wells by the way are appraisal wells for Willow and two that are new wildcats along the lines of what you were hinting at there, that some of the other opportunities out to the west. And we also have submitted permits for new seismic on those state leases that we picked up late last year. Remember, we picked up about 740,000 acres gross in December of last year and so we're starting to plan our seismic work around that. And so we see additional opportunity out to the west, but also have a nice pipeline of projects that we're working on today. And we hope to get GMT2 over the line to FID next.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Al.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Good afternoon. Given the upcoming Analyst Meeting, I'll ask you just a couple of modeling ones and more specific questions. First on the pension, do we consider that very much a one-off, or is that going to be a future payment? Secondly, along cash flow lines, you talked about the $4.5 billion, the potential for lower, for increased efficiencies going forward. Should we push $4.5 billion as your spending into our long-term modeling? And then I have a separate follow-up. Thanks.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Paul, this is Don.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, Don.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: I'll address the pension question that you had. I think you should view this as a unique opportunity that we had to make a fairly substantial discretionary contribution to the pension fund. You see a lot of companies doing that these days for a variety of reasons. I explained our reasons, but to answer your question, our plan doesn't include significant contributions going forward next few years.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: And I guess on the CapEx, obviously we'll be talking about the forward CapEx here in a couple of weeks. Don't forget that we have been ramping through 2017 in our Lower 48 rig program and from the low levels we were at last year. And so that spending has been increasing quarter over quarter to get to the kind of levels that we're at today.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. And there's been some press out on Australia, domestic gas issues. Could you talk a little bit about that? Thanks.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, we've talked about that on the last few calls where the government has been working on considering export restrictions and using this basis of making sure everybody is a net dom gas contributor, particularly out in the east. And the decision they've taken recently that you would have seen in the press is they've decided not to restrict exports in 2018. And what facilitated that decision by the government is that the three Curtis Island operators in Queensland that all have these similar coal seam projects have agreed that we will offer to the domestic market any spot cargos that we have planned next year, we'll offer that gas to the domestic market at an equivalent net-back price before we go to spot LNG sales. And so for us, from an economic standpoint of course, that's we're indifferent to things that bring us the same net back. There's been some noise in the press about LNG operators selling spot cargos at net backs that are less than domestic prices. And obviously, you know us well enough to know we wouldn't do that. We're not in the business of selling our gas for less than whatever the best is in the marketplace. But we have also seen just here today in the press, where we announced our latest domestic gas sales, so this is an example of where we had some gas that could've gone spot and 21 petajoules of gas that we've just agreed to sell into the domestic market that would've gone to spot LNG, because we were able to sort of achieve those net-back objectives. So with that sale being added on, we now are north of 180 petajoules of domestic gas that APLNG will be selling into the market next year. So in 2017, APLNG is supplying about 20% of the dom gas market in eastern Australia. And next year, with this latest sale, we'll be just shy. We're already just with what we've done so far almost up to 30%.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: That's interesting. I don't know if this is public or not, but can you talk about how you calculate the net-back comparability?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I mean it's reasonably straightforward. You know what all the pieces are. The piece some people sometimes miss when they just look at sales prices is there are significant transportation costs in Australia to get from the tailgate of our – to get from where we're producing the gas to the market to our individual customers. There's significant transportation distribution costs, so that's a big. And of course, you have the same thing on LNG, where you're paying to liquefy and to ship. And so it's just getting to the equivalent net back for us all the way back to the wellhead is the way we think about it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Folks, good morning. Al, I wanted to go back to the capital commentary that you provided. Last quarter, I thought it was interesting. I think you said for every $1 of inflation you were seeing in the Lower 48, you were seeing $2 to $3 in deflation globally. It sounds like that Lower 48 increase has kind of begun to plateau or flatten out. I'm just curious on the international front. are you still seeing that deflationary trend that you were witnessing? Or is that going to change at all?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. Hey, Blake. The international deflationary trend has begun to flatten out as we've gone through the year. We're not seeing as strong a deflation percentages in the third quarter as we were say in the first half, so there's a little bit of an offset. At the same time, as I said, it's flattened out in the U.S., so those two are offsetting each other a bit. We still expect as a corporation to be net deflationary in 2017 versus what we saw in 2016. And internationally, we are still seeing deflation on subsea equipment, seismic costs, offshore rigs, support vessels, even software. Software is another area where we continue to see some deflation this year. And in the U.S., as I said a minute ago, with the industry slowing down a bit, we've seen a flattening. We actually, on some of our contracts in the U.S., even seen downticks versus where we were earlier in the year.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. The second question, I'm sorry if this is a little bit detailed, but I'm kind of having trouble getting to some of the 4Q guidance on production. And if this is something you guys need to follow up with after, that's perfectly fine. But I'm just trying to kind of think about the moving pieces. You've yet to close Barnett, so that's a net negative. And then obviously San Juan and the Panhandle probably come out from a full quarter contribution, but then somewhat offsetting that is an increase of 15,000 barrels a day of the Eagle Ford. Am I kind of addressing all of the right moving pieces there?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. Yes, that's right. Those are all appropriate moving pieces.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. I think that kind of covers what I need, so thank you.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. And so I think when you look at those numbers and compare the underlying, after you adjust for asset sales, and look at kind of midpoint of our 4Q number, you'll see about 4% growth versus the fourth quarter of last year. So year over year, fourth quarter 2016 to fourth quarter 2017, you should get about a 4% number.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Blake, there's a chart in the appendix if you haven't seen it that takes you from midpoint to midpoint on a same-store sales basis.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Ellen.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, team. The first question I had was just on Libya. I know we often think about production excluding Libya, but it did stick its head up here in the quarter. So I was curious what you're seeing out there and any thoughts on the sustainability of it in what's obviously a very volatile region.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. Yeah, Libya is an interesting case because if you look back to last year, we averaged 2,000 barrels a day for the year from Libya, and we just did 24,000 in the third quarter. And we're currently north of 30,000 if you look at sort of what our current production rate is. That's all on a net basis. So it's over 200,000 on a gross basis, current production. We lifted three cargos from Libya in the third quarter, so that's 10 that we lifted in the first three quarters of the year and in fact, we're lifting another one here just recently, so we're up to 11. We've got six workover rigs active in Libya that's helping drive some of this production increase. So it's getting to be a more significant number, I guess, particularly year-over-year in our bottom-line production.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. That makes sense. And then the follow up is – and recognizing you guys make very clear that you're price takers that plan for a lower-for-longer crude price environment. But where do you think we are in terms of the crude rebalancing? We obviously have seen products clean up and OPEC compliance has been good and some of the hyper U.S. growth expectations have been moderated. But curious on terms of how you guys are thinking about the market evolving here.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. I mean, we're seeing the same numbers you are of watching things tighten. And also, it's not hard to predict, with the rollover in U.S. rigs, that that's going to give a different U.S. production profile than I think people were expecting a quarter ago that's also going to tighten things up. But there's also such large wildcards with things like the Libya that we were just talking about, the latest things going on in Kurdistan, et cetera, et cetera. It is a long list of things you can name there. So for us, you'll see at our Analyst Day here in a few weeks that we're just very focused on not counting on anything good happening for us there on prices. But really keeping our company structure, keeping things tight and disciplined to where we continue to give the results you've seen out of us in the last four or five quarters where we can get good financial results at prices below where we are right now.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Congrats on the good quarter.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Neil.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks, and good morning.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Good morning.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Since it's still morning here in the Central Time Zone. Just trying to stick with the let's not talk too much forward, look a little bit back. You mentioned APLNG running 110%, the breakeven's in that I think $45 to $50 range. I was curious though, if you can run at those kind of levels, and it seems typical in these LNG projects to sort of have a base assumption and then exceed it. Does that lower the breakeven by a material amount? I mean in other words, can APLNG get more competitive as we go forward?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well I mean, I think the kind of breakevens we've been talking about are based on the performance that we have been achieving for a while now. So the 110% performance is not news, and so that's baked into our numbers, really.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So as good as it gets? No, you don't have to answer that. I'm just -
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, no, I wouldn't say that. I'd hate to leave that impression. But we actually have a lot of work going on to continue to drive down our operating costs and our sustaining capital costs on the upstream side of the project. And so we and the joint venture have significant plans to continue to improve it. I was really just trying to comment on what you asked about, the extra 10% throughput. That's something we've been doing for a while now, and is built into our plans. It's one of the things that pushes you. It does push your breakeven down some, but you shouldn't expect a dramatic change just from that effect.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: No, I know with all the drilling activity, I was just, you know, more volume typically, a little better unit cost structure, I would imagine.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Follow-up question, since I presume earlier when you were talking about the cost inflation/deflation was more on the CapEx front, can you give us any sort of how the OpEx side – I know you give the OpEx guidance number, but what are you seeing in terms of cost inflation on the OpEx side? And is any of that a function of the non-operated part of your portfolio as well?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, so on OpEx side, let me just mention some of the numbers. Our third quarter OpEx number that we just published this morning is down 15%, on the adjusted OpEx that we focus on, down 15% versus the same quarter in 2016. And obviously there is asset sales that are built into that. If you look at the same store sales basis and take out all the asset sales confusion from that, basically we're right on our original budget guidance, but we're doing that with a couple percent higher volume, so our budget was originally based on a midpoint 1% volume increase. It's that 0% to 2% range, midpoint 1% and we're accomplishing 3%. And so basically we've been able to eat all the extra OpEx, transportation, et cetera that comes with those extra barrels and still meet our guidance. So as I look forward into what we're doing there, we're certainly not done on our OpEx work in the corporation. We have a lot of focus on it around the world, and I expect that we will continue to see additional improvement there. From the inflation side, the story is pretty similar to what I was talking about on CapEx, that it's a little bit to the benefit to us in 2017 versus 2016 so far.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And we'll see you in about a week and a half.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Roger.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Gammel of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Thanks very much. If I could just maybe follow up on the pension contribution. Don, can you talk about what made that discretionary payment more attractive than, let's say, accelerating some further debt repayment and maybe also address the level of funding relative to the obligation.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yes, Jason. So I think what we're looking, the way we looked at it is, is that this was a really good way to put a portion of our large cash balance to work. So essentially what we're doing is moving cash from short-term low return investments on the balance sheet to the pension fund that can invest in much longer-term higher-yield type return in investments, and so it's an arbitrage there. We compared it to incrementally to reducing the next best bond retirement opportunity that we had, and it had advantaged economics with respect to that. And then your other question was around the level of funding of the plan, I believe. So with this contribution, and this was to the U.S. qualified plan, it would bring our funding level up to right around 85%. And that will be, if I remember correctly, that will be about the highest level of funding that we've had since before the spin of the company in 2012. The liability for that U.S. pension fund would be down from a little over $1 billion, I believe $1.1 billion before this contribution to bring it down to about $0.5 billion.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Great. Very clear. And I almost hesitate to ask this follow-up question, given that I'm sure we'll hear a lot about your premium Eagle Ford position in a couple of weeks, but another operator did take a pretty big writedown in the Eagle Ford today and talked about how they had significantly down spaced further than what their acreage would actually produce at optimally. So I was hoping maybe you could just address it at a very high level what distinguishes your position from some of the other operators there.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, so obviously I can't comment on any of the details of the other operator's results, but clearly it doesn't apply to us. We've been very deliberate in our development plans there in the Eagle Ford. We're very tailored to the specific reservoir characteristics, the different areas. You know that we're right in the sweet spot. We've got a lot of running room. You remember that map that we showed at last year's Analyst Day, Ellen tells me it's page 48 of last year's deck that showed -
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: We can show you last year's material.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, showed how much running room we have there. So we really have no concerns or anything like that. Our Eagle Ford continues to make us proud and outperform and even took a beating from hurricane Harvey and came back pretty quickly right back up to full production.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Yes. I appreciate that. I think it's just useful to distinguish you from some of the other operators. Appreciate that.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons. Please go ahead.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company: Thank you for taking the question. Al, on the production side, you did a good job highlighting the outperformance of your base portfolio. Can you speak to the performance year to date from the major projects that have been ramping up? You gave some color on Surmont, so it looks like that's getting closer to max rates, maybe where that is right now. But then Malikai as well, maybe specifically, has that fully ramped up? And then where are we on the KBB gas ramp up?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Sure. On Surmont, we'll be fully ramped basically end of the year or early next year, we'll be at our full rate. So we're right toward the end of that. Malikai, we are still ramping and won't hit the plateau there until next year, in 2018. And KBB has been kind of an odd story, because we've had gas availability from our side for a long time, for several years and have been limited by non-owned third party infrastructure that has had some pretty significant maintenance issues, and which have slowly been getting lined down. And so we are seeing higher volumes from KBB in recent weeks actually, and expect it to be part of what allows us to grow volumes a bit into the fourth quarter as we've been basically allocated a higher rate from KBB into MLNG. And so I think that year-over-year, we'll see higher rates again in 2018 versus 2017 for KBB because of that effect.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company: Yes. That's helpful. And then my follow-up is on the capital spending side, you highlighted some of the variables that might contribute to a bit higher CapEx going into 4Q, with higher Lower 48 activity a partial driver there. Are there any specific offsets you would call out into next year? And I'm thinking specifically about if there is any noteworthy major project longer cycle spend maybe associated with Surmont, or other projects that's set to fall off on a year over year basis. Or if lower CapEx going forward is just going to be a function of you guys continuing to get more efficient and capture deflation where you can.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, there's a lot of moving parts there, to answer that question. And so we are going to have a segment in two weeks at the Analyst Meeting where we give you some fairly detailed plots and charts that show you how all those pieces add up from both a capital perspective and a production volume perspective. So I think that's probably the best way to answer that, is to point to those charts.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company: Fair enough. Thank you.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Guy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. Just two quick kind of housekeeping items. As we watch spot LNG prices in Asia picking up, can you remind what portion of your APLNG exports are fixed-price versus what's being sold in the spot market?
Donald E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, this is Don. From APLNG, 100% of the gas from APLNG that's not dedicated to the domestic market is contracted under long-term contracts to customers in China and Japan. Now those customers have a right to reduce their obligation by up to 10% in any particular year, and so that can make as much as 10% of the capacity available for the spot market.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And then on Libya.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I can add to that, in fact, our customers have taken that downward quantity tolerance for 2018, and that's what's made these spot cargos available in 2018 that we've been in this discussion with the government about, about making those available as domestic gas.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Right. Understood. And then on Libya, so you're up to 24,000 BPD. If you were to get back to pre-revolution, pre-2011 normalized levels, how much higher would that number get all else being equal?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, if you go back, we were in the 40,000 to 50,000 range net, back when if you can ever define normal there again, that's the kind of rate we were at.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question is from Michael Hall of Heikkinen. Please go ahead.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thanks very much. A lot of mine have been addressed, but I guess quickly on Surmont following up on that, from the prior question, do you have what that averaged during the third quarter in terms of contribution from Surmont?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: In terms of the volumes?
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Correct.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, 63,000 barrels a day was the 3Q number for Surmont.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. And as we think about kind of maintenance capital levels for Canada coming out of the year after Surmont's effectively ramped up, how should we think about that? If you could provide it.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: You're thinking about the maintenance CapEx, you mean?
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Correct, yeah.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, so I mean it's down to a pretty low level. Not sure I've got a number handy, but it's with the point that we've gotten to now, and particularly with some of the technology work we've been doing to improve things, the need to spend CapEx on a sustaining is down to a pretty low level. We're going to show you at our Analyst Meeting in a couple weeks some other kind of margin improvement projects that we have planned there that are low dollar, but we'll show you kind of how that adds up. So there is still some work to be done there at Surmont given current market conditions on the diluent side, et cetera., to allow us to improve our margins there, and we'll talk about that a little bit in a couple weeks.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. Great. And then as I think about like I guess fourth quarter capital spending levels, is there anything kind of one off or one time within that spending level that we should not think about as recurring?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: No. I'm not expecting any big lumps, like a dry hole expense or any of those kind of things in the fourth quarter. I can't think of any lumpy one-off type stuff.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Michael, and Christine, thank you very much. If you would close this out. We look forward to seeing everybody in a couple weeks. Thanks for your time today.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips
Analysts: Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd. Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2017 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP-Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Christine. Good morning to our participants. Welcome to this quarter's earnings call. Today's presenters will be Don Wallette, our EVP of Finance, Commercial and our Chief Financial Officer; and Al Hirshberg, our EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects. Our cautionary statement is shown on page 2 of today's presentation deck. We will make some forward-looking statements during today's call that refer to estimates and plans. Actual results could differ due to the factors noted on this slide and described in our periodic SEC filings. In addition, we will refer to some non-GAAP financial measures in today's call. These measures help facilitate comparisons across periods and with our peers. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and also on our website. Finally, during today's Q&A, we will limit questions to one plus a follow-up. Now, I'll turn the call over to Don.
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Thank you, Ellen and good morning. I'll start on slide 4, which summarizes the progress we've made during the second quarter on our key strategic, financial and operational objectives. These highlights underscore the magnitude of the transformation we've made as a company in a short period of time. Starting on the left side of the chart, the key catalyst that has accelerated our transformation is the success of our asset sales program this year. During the second quarter, we closed the previously announced Canadian transaction and announced the sales of our San Juan Basin and Barnett shale assets. We're on track to close these transactions in the third quarter. Earlier this week we also entered into an agreement for the sale of our Panhandle assets, and we're progressing the sale of our Anadarko position. In total, we expect to achieve asset sales of over $16 billion this year. Earlier this year, we described plans to use most of the proceeds from these asset sales to enhance and accelerate both our debt reduction plans and shareholder distributions. During the second quarter, we reduced debt by $3 billion, and we expect balance sheet debt to be under $20 billion by year-end. We also announced a doubling of our three-year share buyback program. We expect to repurchase $3 billion of shares in 2017 and another $3 billion over the course of 2018 and 2019. We repurchased $1 billion of shares during the second quarter, a pace that we expect to maintain through the remainder of the year. Moving to the middle column, our second quarter financial results were also notable. On an adjusted basis, we realized profit of $178 million or $0.14 per share, and that's at Brent prices of about $50 a barrel. We also generated over $1.6 billion operating cash flow, right in line with our published sensitivities. This was the fourth consecutive quarter where operating cash flow more than covered our capital spending and dividend. We've consistently demonstrated that we're able to generate free cash flow at oil prices in the $45 to $50 a barrel range and we continue to focus on further reducing our cash flow break-even point. To be clear, when we talk about free cash flow, we're including only operational cash flows. We're not relying on an assist from asset sales. This provides the clearest view of the sustainability of our spending and our resilience to commodity price movements. Moving to operations, we continued to run well during the quarter. Production exceeded the high end of our guidance, and we achieved 3% year-over-year underlying growth when adjusted for Libya and the impact of closed and contracted dispositions. Given strong year-to-date performance, we're increasing our 2017 underlying production guidance by 25,000 barrels a day. We now expect our underlying full-year production growth rate to be 2 to 4%. At the midpoint of the updated production guidance, that would be about 8% growth on a per share basis. Finally, while we're increasing our production outlook, we're also lowering capital spending guidance to $4.8 billion. Let me recap the rapid progress we've made on executing our strategy. We've exceeded our asset sale, debt reduction, and share repurchase targets. We've demonstrated the ability to generate both free cash flow and profits at $50 Brent. We've improved our outlook for high margin per share growth, and we're doing it for less capital. We're exceeding every expectation that was communicated at last year's November Investor Day. And we believe we're strongly positioned to continue executing this differential strategy, one that is focused on discipline through the cycles, financial strength, free cash flow generation, and high return per share growth. If you turn to Slide 5, I'll review the quarter financials in more detail. With Brent averaging just under $50 a barrel and Henry Hub about $3.20 an Mcf, our realized price was around $36 a barrel equivalent. Strong operational performance drove positive earnings of $178 million. Compared to the prior quarter, adjusted earnings improved about $350 million. With most of the improvement coming from lower depreciation and lower exploration expenses. Compared to the year-ago quarter, adjusted earnings improved by about $1.2 billion, with the improvement being driven by higher commodity prices and lower depreciation and exploration expenses. I should note that we are lowering our guidance on depreciation expense by $1 billion, which reflects the impact of asset sales as well as price and performance-related reserves increases. Al will cover each of our guidance changes later Second quarter adjusted earnings by segment are shown in the lower right. Four of the five producing segments were profitable this quarter. The supplemental data on our website provides additional segment financial detail. If you turn to Slide 6, I'll now cover our cash flows during the quarter. We began the quarter with $3.4 billion of cash and short-term investments. We generated $1.64 billion of cash from operations, which exceeded spending on capital and dividends by about $300 million. We received cash proceeds from the sale of assets of $10.7 billion. We used $3.2 billion to retire debt, bringing our debt balance to $23.5 billion. You can see from the ending cash figure of $10.3 billion that net debt at quarter's end was down to about $13 billion. I'll also note that after the quarter closed, we paid off our 2019 term loan and issued notice for additional bond redemptions. As a result, we expect to record a further $2.5 billion reduction in debt during the third quarter. Our balance sheet debt will stand at less than $20 billion by year-end. The combination of dividend payments and share buybacks represented a return of capital to the shareholders of $1.3 billion during the quarter. And we ended the second quarter with $10.3 billion in cash and short-term investments. The majority of this cash is earmarked for future debt reduction and share repurchases. We consider that the success we've had with the disposition program has pre-funded these strategic priorities. Now let me turn it over to Al to review the quarter's operations in more detail.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Don. Well, we've had another strong operational quarter. If you turn to Slide 8, I'll cover the highlights. For the quarter, production excluding Libya was 1.43 million barrels oil equivalent per day. That exceeded the high end of guidance and beat the midpoint by 40,000 barrels per day. Once you adjust for the impact of closed and signed asset sales, we had underlying production growth of 3% compared to our second quarter production last year. We accomplished this production increase while continuing to maintain our discipline on capital and operating costs. We completed all our planned second quarter turnarounds safely on or ahead of schedule. Lower 48 unconventional production averaged 226,000 barrels per day for the quarter. Eagle Ford was at 128,000, Bakken at 69,000, and Permian at 16,000 barrels per day. With the balance in Barnett and Niobrara. As I forecast last quarter, the low point for unconventional production was the first quarter, so the inflection point is now behind us as production increased 2% quarter over quarter During the quarter, we ran 12 development rigs, five in Eagle Ford, four in Bakken, and 3 in the Permian, with one of these Permian rigs drilling conventional zones. We have recently added a sixth rig in the Eagle Ford, taking us to 13 development rigs. This was an opportunistic addition based on attractive contracting terms. We expect to average about 12 rigs in the big three plays for 2017. In Alaska, through the winter construction season, the key infrastructure components at Greater Mooses Tooth 1 were completed, so this keeps us on track for first oil by the end of 2018. The 1H NEWS drill site facilities are also complete and first oil is expected by the end of this year. Excellent execution performance has led to lower costs on both of these Alaskan projects, and that increased efficiency is contributing to the lower capital spending that we've announced. If you'll turn to Slide 9, I'll cover some operational highlights from the rest of the portfolio. In Australia, the APLNG plant continues to perform well above expectations and 60 LNG cargos were loaded from APLNG during the first half. We just concluded the 90-day operational phase of the two-train lenders' test in July with the LNG plant operating at more than 10% above name plate capacity and running with very high thermal efficiency and minimal downtime. We expect the remainder of the completion certification process to be finalized in the third quarter, which will release the remaining $1.3 billion of our loan guarantees for the project financing. In Western Australia, the Barossa-6 appraisal well was completed. The well tested at a robust rate of 55 million cubic feet per day even though it was choked back due to facility constraints. The results from the Barossa-5 and Barossa-6 appraisal wells confirm the commerciality of the project, allowing us to progress our plans to develop Barossa as the backfill for the Darwin LNG plant. In Malaysia, Malikai continues to deliver strong performance from the initial wells. Drilling operations for the second batch of Malikai wells began in June. This followed the successful shutdown of the KBB and Malikai fields for maintenance work. In Norway, the Aasta Hansteen spar arrived in June and has been floated. The project is on track, and first production is expected by the end of 2018. So those were just a few of the operational highlights from the first quarter. Now let's move to Slide 10 to discuss the remainder of the year. On the left side of the slide, you can see our updated guidance. Bottom line, our strong performance continues across the company. We're increasing full-year underlying production guidance by 25,000 barrels a day, and at midpoint adjusted for dispositions that's 3% production growth and 8% per share production growth. We've also reduced capital guidance by $200 million to $4.8 billion. Even with lower capital, we were able to opportunistically add a sixth rig to Eagle Ford and extend attractive terms for two rigs in the Permian. This activity will allow us to expand cash flows while maintaining our investment discipline. Several slides in the appendix give more granularity on all the guidance updates. And then finally as a reminder, please save the date for our 2017 analyst and investor meeting. This year's meeting will be held in New York on November 8. You can expect to hear about our strategy in action, a deeper dive into the portfolio, and a path to a lower breakeven and higher returns. So now I'll turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon. Congratulations on a strong quarter. First question I wanted to ask about was this production outlook, the 2% to 4% growth on an underlying basis on $4.8 billion of capital spending. I guess what I'm wondering is if I go back to last year's Analyst Day and the $4.5 billion of sustaining CapEx at the time and adjust it for all these divestitures, et cetera, how do you think about that sustaining capital number moving forward given the growth you're able to achieve?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay, Phil. I'll take that one. I think that's a good question that obviously at the analyst meeting, we'll dive into a fairly detailed analysis comparing to that $4.5 billion that we quoted before. But I think you can make some observations from our performance so far. So what we said at last year's analyst meeting was $4.5 billion is about what it would take to hold us flat to maybe a little small amount of growth. And what you can observe happening this year is that – that number did not include exploration. So that, you add another $0.5 billion or so to get to the $5 billion that was in our budget. So if you look at our $4.8 billion number that we're using for CapEx this year, about $0.6 billion of that we think will be exploration. So it's about $4.2 billion that we plan to spend this year and grow at the midpoint around 3%. So from that, it's obvious that the new number, the new stay flat CapEx is lower than $4.5 billion. And we're in some analysis right now and we'll talk about that more in detail at the analyst meeting
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. My second question would be given there's been so many moving pieces in the portfolio, off of this new base that you talk about in the appendix, as we look ahead to 2018, could you just remind us where you feel you are with the ramp of certain projects? How much growth do you see in 2018 just coming from projects that are already underway? And maybe if you could just elaborate generally on the portfolio how you're thinking about it right now?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, the projects is becoming a smaller piece of our growth as we move forward from the past few years where we've been into 2018. And we're – that's another item that we're going to cover in the Analyst Day and show you all the detail from those smaller projects. We do have as we finish the two mega projects that we were working on, Surmont 2 and APLNG, what we now have in front of us is a pretty significant stable of smaller to medium sized projects that have more flexibility to them. And so we'll be laying all that out in some detail, including the volumes that we'll expect from 2018 but really if you look at what's driving our volume momentum going forward 2017 into 2018 and 2019, it really comes from our unconventional resource plays.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, everybody.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Morning, Doug.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: So ConocoPhillips and the super majors too have increased their investment in U.S. shale over the last several years as understanding of the subsurface has grown, which seems pretty prudent to me. But in contrast there are a lot of public and private E&P companies that seem to be determined to drill many of their best prospects even at low commodity prices which seems kind of curious given the NPV profile of these wells. So I have three questions. First for Al: Do you agree with this broad characterization? And second, where do you think we are in the subsurface learning process? You guys have talked about that a lot in the past. And then also maybe for Don, when you think about acquisitions, do you think that some entities have effectively disqualified themselves from strategic action due to operating or financial practices or is it staying not really relevant to the decision-making process. So first two questions for Al, third question for Don.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: You remember all that, Al?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I'm not sure I can remember all that. The first part – let me see, the first one was do I agree with your characterization that a lot of E&Ps are over drilling I guess, and I guess you...
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Well, yeah. Where are we in the learning process?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: And that's the second question?
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: So for the first question, I think you already know the answer to our views on that is that, yes, we think that you can drill too fast in these unconventional plays, and we like to make sure that we've progressed sufficiently in our technical understanding and down the learning curve before we go into full manufacturing mode and really drill things up. And we think we get ultimately better – much better recoveries and avoid causing damage to an area that you can't go back and fix very easily once you've changed the subsurface pressures. And so we think that has stood us in good stead and allows us to maximize the value that we get from our acreage. Second, with regard to where we are in the learning curve, I so far, despite the reports sometimes of early demise, I haven't seen any slowdown in the pace of improvement in our unconventional. So it still feels to me like we're in the relatively early innings. Maybe we've advanced getting toward the half-time, but to mix metaphors between different sports, but I haven't seen any slowdown. I've seen the tools that we've used to continue to make progress have shifted over time. But the kind of pace of progress has stayed pretty consistent. I haven't seen a slowdown. So we've still got – I still think we have a long ways to go.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thanks for the sanity check. And, Don, do you remember your question?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: I think I do, Doug, yeah. And, yeah, I think I would agree that financial weakness or operational capability limitations should disqualify companies from being acquirers. That should be the strong buying the weak rather than the weak buying the strong, but in practice I'm not sure that they do serve as limitations. And I guess I would throw into your mix there strategic shortsightedness as well.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Sure. Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Doug.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. Or good morning still, I guess, in Texas. So, guys, one of the comments in your earnings release was on inflation or the lack thereof as one of the reasons you were able to keep lowering operating cost and I guess come on underspending. I'm kind of curious if you can elaborate on which parts of your business you're seeing that and why you think it's not coming through and I guess how sustainable you think that might be. And I've got a follow-up, please.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. Well, Doug, I'll address the inflation question, but I should just mention on the front end that some of our lower spending on both the CapEx and OpEx side is not just due to the deflation capture we've had. There's been other savings that are driven by more efficient operations. So that's certainly a significant piece of the puzzle as well. But on deflation, we are still seeing net deflation as a company worldwide. 2017 versus 2016. I would say for every dollar of inflation we've seen in certain areas of the lower 48 related to the unconventional side, we've seen $2 to $3 of deflation elsewhere in the U.S. or around the world. To give you some examples of some of the places where we're still seeing deflation year-over-year, lower 48 chemicals and some of our construction work in lower 48, OCTG internationally, not in the lower 48 but outside the lower 48, OCTG, Alaska, construction costs in Alaska, subsea, costs for subsea equipment in the North Sea, those are all down year-over-year. Another area you see people talking about in the U.S. is sand. We've seen a pretty stable sand cost this year. So sand really hasn't been a big issue for us. I was looking at some data the other day comparing with some of the inflation we've seen in some of the areas in the lower 48, normalizing our cost, so the cost per pound of proppant pumped, which is one way to normalize our cost over time since the jobs have gotten bigger. And compared to the peak that we were seeing, say back in 2014, we're still down about two-thirds in our cost per pound of pumped proppant from where we were at the peak, where we stand today, even with some of the increases we've seen.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's true (24:42). I guess the proportion of your spend U.S. versus international, I'm guessing that on an aggregate basis you're still seeing deflation across your portfolio, Al?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: That when you add it all up, it's substantially still deflation for us overall. And it's the mix of the same kinds of things that we've been talking about. Some of it is resistance to the lower 48 inflation because we've got some contracts that we're locking things in. But really it's that inflation, so more than half our spending being international and still seeing deflation here.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate that. Don, my follow-up is for you hopefully. So obviously tremendous progress on the debt, now you've locked down those debt reductions. I think you had suggested previously that you might want to get down to about $15 billion. I guess where I'm going with my question is your cash breakeven continues to drop, oil prices appear to have kind of stabilized somewhat. So how do you see the balance between buybacks even though you're early in the process versus your continued commitment to drop that debt level? Is $15 billion still the right number? I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, thanks, Doug. Well, we fully intend to do both, continue with the debt reduction beyond 2017 and to continue with our buyback programs. The question as to whether $15 billion is the right number, you point out that the cash flows from the company are very strong, and we continue to look at that. And of course our plans to expand cash flow as we go forward will factor into our thinking. But right now $15 billion is our target, and we'll stay on that course.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate it. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Folks, good morning
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Good morning.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Good morning, Blake.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: I wanted to – the first question is really just clarity on the buyback commentary for $3 billion over 2018 and 2019. I just wanted to make sure I understood, is that supposed to be $1.5 billion per year or is that actually $3 billion per year?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: No, it's $3 billion over a two-year period.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Got it. Okay. And then secondly, I think in the past you had addressed deferred taxes, and the commentary, I believe, was something around $60 a barrel, at that point you would really start to see kind of a reversal or a benefit of what has been a drag on cash flow over time. Is that still a good number, or are there any changes as kind of your efficiencies and costs are coming down?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. That's a great question. It continues to evolve. I don't think it's a good number anymore. You know, if you look at this quarter, of course we had a large use of deferred taxes, and that was driven by a lot of the inorganic stuff, the acquisition – or the dispositions. If we normalize out for that and a few other minor discrete items, we would have had deferred taxes probably as maybe a couple hundred million use of cash, which signifies that we're pretty darn close. And that's in a $50 environment. And so, yeah, you know, a year ago we would have said we needed $60 or better prices to breakeven; today we're really breaking even right around $50 on profit breakeven, not cash breakeven. So I think that flip point, Blake, is probably closer to $50 today rather than the previous $60.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning, everyone. Two for me, please. Al, you guys differentiated yourselves initially in the Eagle Ford and subsequently have pursued growth there quite specifically to avoid cost inflation in the Permian. Can you update us on where those costs are as regards how the strategy is playing out, how you see the differentiation between cost inflation in the Permian versus the Eagle Ford, please? And my second follow-up is for Don. Don, could you just address – it's a bit of a modeling question. I apologize. But could you just address the issue of shareholders' equity. That's moving quite fast. I just wondered if you could talk a little bit about the dynamics of what's changing it. Thank you.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. On the first question, we do continue to see ourselves advantaged in the Eagle Ford. You noticed that when we had an opportunity to add another rig here a few weeks ago, we chose to add it in the Eagle Ford where we had a good opportunity to add it at an attractive contract cost. We – remember also for us that the Eagle Ford is also where we have our infrastructure already fully developed and can add rigs and add production there without a significant infrastructure build, unlike in the Permian where we have to make additional significant commitments to infrastructure in order to expand there. So those are kind of the things that are driving us there. We still have a long list of good very low cost of supply opportunities in the Eagle Ford, so you'll see us continuing to have that be our sort of favorite area to invest in the U.S.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: I guess you're going to hold the Permian position then sort of fallow?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: No. You know, I also mentioned that we're running three rigs there in the Permian now, two in the unconventional, one in the conventional. And one of the scope adds that I mentioned in my prepared remarks is that we not only added an additional rig in the Eagle Ford here a few weeks ago, but we've also taken the decision to – you've heard me talk about our (31:05) being a little bit up and down as the year moving across the Niobrara, et cetera. We've decided on those three rigs to extend the contracts all the way through the end of the year. So that's going to effectively add about another six rig months of drilling to the Permian this year versus what our original $5 billion budget had been based on. So we are putting a little more money into the Permian than our original plan – not a little more money. A little more scope activity. It's actually costing us less money
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. So from your point of view, the cost inflation is not dramatically worse if at all in the Permian than the Eagle Ford?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: We have seen some things being tighter in the Permian versus the Eagle Ford just because there's a bigger frenzy there. We're still down dramatically. We still only have about a third of the number of rigs running in the Eagle Ford as there were at the peak, and so it is an easier place to work. But our Permian acreage is attractive also, and we're continuing to pursue that development as well.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks, Al.
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: And Paul, this is Don. On your question regarding shareholder equity, of course, we've seen some reductions over the last few years for a number of reasons. Part of that is related to some rather large impairments that we've taken. You hope that a lot of that is behind you. Of course we exited the deep water program, so we feel like our exposure is essentially eliminated from that area. You saw the recent write-down of APLNG as well. Of course, shareholders' equity has been reduced as we've taken the portfolio actions that we have through our asset sales over an extended period of time. But we believe that we've created value from those asset sales. So that's not at all troubling to us. And then our buyback program we think is a good use of cash, which is also bringing shareholder equity down as we use that cash. But it's a good use of cash I think. And then of course we've been in this period of low prices for a number of years, which has resulted in losses to earnings. As we look forward, we can see equity growing as we become profitable going forward.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Would there be write-backs as well or would you need a lot higher prices?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Write-backs?
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, I mean, you know, for the write-downs. I don't know what your particular...
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: We're not European, so we don't get to do that under U.S. rules.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So the dynamic would be retained earnings and buyback I guess.
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Right.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hi, Paul.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two questions. I think first is for Al. The second one maybe either Al or for Don. Al, for Permian, the two unconventional rigs, I think you're still sort of doing escort (34:36) and not yet manufacturing commercial development. So the question is that do you have a timeline when that you guys are ready to do it? Or what would be the criteria before you reach that timeline?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Really, I mean, it's crystal clear to us that the cost of supply that we need to have it compete in our portfolio to move into manufacturing mode is definitely there. And so, really, what we're doing right now is just phasing our way in to the offtake commitments, and the infrastructure commitments that we need to make, and the time it takes to build those that is really driving the timing of how fast we start to drill up that acreage and move more into manufacturing mode across our acreage in the Permian unconventional.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Any kind of timeline?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think you'll see it happening steadily over the next couple of years. It – you can't move to manufacturing mode till you have the infrastructure and the takeaway capacity to allow you to do it. And so we've already contracted for the first phases of that infrastructure, and it's moving forward to be built. But a lot of it won't be online until 2019.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So we should assume 2019 or 2020, then?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, I mean, I think in 2019, you'll see something that will probably start to look to you like manufacturing mode as that infrastructure becomes available to us.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. The second question is for Don. Don, APLNG in the second quarter, are they positive free cash flow by now? Or that they are still just paying off the project financing? And also then in the $1.6 billion of the cash flow this quarter, what is the cash flow associated with the asset to be sold? Or that you already sold?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Let's see. Paul, on APLNG, they had good production through the second quarter as they were conducting their performance test for the part of the lenders' test. Their cash flow breakeven is somewhere between $45 and $50 Brent. So they would have been probably generating some free cash flow and building cash balances within the joint venture. As far as what part of the $1.6 billion was associated with divestitures, I'm not sure I have that figure at hand. We may have to get back with you on that. Of course, you know, we had FCCL, those – the cash flow associated with that would have been whatever we anticipated for distributions. They wouldn't have had any in the second quarter. So that would have been a zero. We had about half of a quarter of western Canada that contributed to second quarter, and that's a very small number of maybe $30 million or $40 million. So it's a pretty -
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: San Juan.
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: And San Juan is in the second quarter, and that's about $200 million a year, so, $50 million a quarter, something like that.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So that we should call it somewhere on a pro forma basis that at $50 is more like in the $1.45 billion, $1.5 billion?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: No.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: The cash flow?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: I wouldn't do that. The reason I wouldn't do that is because a couple of reasons, but one thing that you need to keep in mind is that a lot of these proceeds that we're using are going to retire debt, and so our interest expense is coming down, and that's serving to offset a good portion of that lost operating cash flow. So I don't think that we're going to see a significant – at $50 oil, I'm not anticipating that we're going to see a significant degradation of our operating cash flows. Previously I've talked to you guys about at $50, the company is able to generate about $6.5 billion. You've heard me talk about that before. I think when all these dispositions are said and done, we might have lost $100 million or $200 million out of that. But it's really not a significant amount at $50. Of course the cash flow impacts will increase as the oil price increases. You go to $60 it's going to be more material. But at $50 it's just not – it's not a big loss.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Maybe, I know the oil price certainly feels a bit more stable now, but if we were to see a lower – potentially lower oil price into 2018, how should we think about the response of ConocoPhillips? How much flexibility is there in that kind of $4.8 billion run rate into 2018? And what type of environment would prompt you to reduce the activity levels in the 12 rigs you're currently running in the U.S.?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Ryan, I'll take that. We'll talk more obviously in November about our outlooks and our plans for 2018, and I think we'll be in a better position to talk about how we would react to different potential outcomes and scenarios in 2018. But I think it's important to note how resilient the company has become to lower oil prices. Our cash breakevens continue to decline. Our profit breakevens continue to decline. We've pretty much pre-loaded on the balance sheet with $10 billion. We've got more assets to close as we go forward in the third quarter. Like I said, we've basically pre-funded our plans for the next couple of years there. So you'd have to get down to some pretty low scenarios before we thought about significant changes to our strategy.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: And with regard to our flexibility, if you did get into that kind of scenario, we haven't set our 2018 capital plans yet, obviously. We'll be talking about that later in the year. But I expect that on the order of half of our CapEx plans for 2018 will be fairly flexible, and the sort of thing that you could ramp down if you needed to in a very low price scenario.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And then maybe, I guess just one very specific one. You mentioned the additional asset disposal, the Panhandle asset agreement in the release today. What's the – could you give any details in terms of how much production is associated with that asset and maybe what the potential proceeds would be?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, I can do that, Ryan. I think the sales price on that is right around $200 million, and let me just check my facts here. But we're looking at a 2017 pro forma, so for the full year, a rate of 8,000 barrel equivalent a day. That's mostly gas.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning.
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Good morning, Roger.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess maybe just real quick on Alaska, given that things are going well up there and on the cost side. But there's been some movements inside the state there to raise taxes, more so on idle than active projects. But I was just wondering if you can give us sort of an update on the political tax outlook in that area?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, if you look at what's happened so far, the tax changes that have been made really don't have any significant impact on us, and so haven't had an impact on our plans in Alaska with what's happened so far.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Any prospects for anything we need to keep our eye on or anything you're watching there?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, I mean, I think the tax and spending situation in Alaska is still difficult in today's environment, and so we continue to watch it closely to see what happens. In terms of our level of investment activity in Alaska, we're pretty sensitive to the fiscal regime up there. So in the handful of years since SB21 was passed that made things more attractive for investment, we've been able to increase our production there. We've been spending about a billion dollars a year of capital. So on the order of 20% of the whole company's CapEx going into Alaska. And if the tax regime changes, we would of course have to reevaluate that. We have forward projects where we have control of the pace.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Appreciate that. And then if I missed it in your discussions earlier, I apologize for asking this question. But the improvement on the depreciation, understand a portion of it related to asset sales, but the part related to production performance, kind of where is that and maybe the magnitude of that in the $1 billion?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yes, I think it's about $0.3 billion out of that $1 billion is from performance. And it's really driven by – the biggest single item's the lower 48, and some in Alaska as well. So really kind of U.S. driven.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Great.
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: In the lower 48, you know, we have a lot of restrictions on the way we book our reserves there. But as we've gotten more and more experience and more time and more confidence in our type curves there, you're able to book more of the EUR that you're expecting to get in the base case. You can actually book, and so that improves your unit depreciation rate.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Well, you've always said you were conservative on your initial bookings. So I guess that's pretty consistent?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yes. And I think we still are. But we're catching up a little bit on that, and that's helping.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, team.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Good morning, Neil.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just wanted to connect with you guys on second quarter production. You exceeded the top end of production guidance. And relative to your expectations, where did you see that out-performance, just relative to our forecast, it was Norway, Malaysia, and felt like a little bit in Alaska. But curious where you saw that out-performance?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. Neil, I'll give you the rundown of that and kind of some of the reasons behind it. So we beat the midpoint by 40,000 barrels a day. 14,000 barrels a day of that was actually in Alaska. That was the single biggest place. And that was really driven by better uptime and some better well performance. We were plus 10,000 barrels a day in Malaysia. That was driven by a shorter turnaround time for the KBB turnaround, and also better than expected Malikai well performance. Norway was plus 7,000 barrels a day. Again, we had better uptime and well performance, but also some increased gas off-take in the summer. Australia was plus 5,000 barrels a day. We had better performance at both APLNG and Darwin LNG and the UK was plus 5,000 barrels a day. We had better uptime in the J block area, and some better well performance. So when you look at all those, you wonder how can that be that you had all those pluses all at the same time. And I guess the observation I would make from my travels around the world visiting our operating groups is it seems to me that in this period where we've been spending less CapEx, our operating groups have had more time to focus on our base operations. And so what's really driving this is better than expected performance out of our base.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That brings me to my follow up, which is just how do you think about that decline rate on the base both mitigated and unmitigated? And then tying it to a bigger picture question, I know you guys have built the business to be sustainable in any type of oil price environment, but you do as good modeling on oil macros as anyone we've seen. So just where do you guys think we are in terms of the oil market rebalancing right now?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I would say no significant change. To move the decline rate at the corporate level takes big shifts, but so I still think we're in that kind of 8% to 10% range over time that we've talked about. If we continue to have this sustained improved performance out of our base, we may have to do some more analysis on that. It could be that there's a shift there over time. As far as the macro goes, I think what's interesting for us is that the recent weakness that we've had and a little bit of the kind of (48:51) has not been a surprise for us. I mean, I think the macro environment we found ourselves in is the exact one you've heard us talking about since last year's analyst meeting, and the one that we've prepared ourselves for. We've said that we're going to be prepared to have free cash flow that covers our CapEx and dividends in this $45 to $50 environment, and that we're going to be ready to thrive in that environment over an indefinite period of time. So this matches up well with the way we've prepared ourselves.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Hey, Al, if I could just follow-up on that question on the quarterly production out-performances. You guys forecasted obviously higher production by on average 25,000 BOE a day this year. That implies still a pretty healthy increase in 3Q, 4Q. And in your second quarter commentary there, you used the word uptime a lot as far as the out-performance. What is really driving the higher production outlook? And my numbers looked about 30,000 BOE per day in the back half of the year.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, I'm not sure what your 30,000 BOE is. Are you saying 30,000 BOE up from 3Q to 4Q?
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Well, yeah. So if you're increasing your full year number by 25K, and you outperformed by 40,000 BOE in 2Q – yeah. (50:28)
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Okay. I got you. Right. Yeah. I mean, the only problem with that – now you've got to be careful with that math, about same store sales and taking out the dispositions because if you look at our underlying growth, same store sales, 3Q to 4Q, it's in the 7% to 8% range of what we expect to grow from the third quarter this year to the fourth quarter this year once you take out the dispositions, and between 4% and 5% year-over-year. So if you compare what we expect this year's fourth quarter with last year's fourth quarter, same store sales 4% to 5% range. And so part of that is our normal bathtub shape that we get every year because we tend to have our turnarounds in the second and third quarter, and we do have some very significant turnaround load planned in the third quarter. But, also, with the timing of some of our rig additions in the lower 48 unconventional and then the completions coming in behind that and the timing and getting the completion crews out there, we'll have a – we're expecting to have pretty strong production in the fourth quarter from our lower 48 unconventional.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Understood. That's helpful. Also, there's been some, I guess, news that Tokyo Gas is looking to renegotiate some of its LNG pricing agreements and, obviously, you discussed the write-down at APLNG due to weaker pricing. Can you give us a sense of what that market looks like? And what kind of conversations you all are having with some of your counterparties?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, this is Don. Our APLNG is really sold out under 20-year long-term contracts, both to Sinopec and Kansai in Japan. So I'm not familiar with what you're reporting with respect to Tokyo Gas. We do sell gas from our Darwin LNG to Tokyo Gas. I'm not aware of any discussions we've had about renegotiating contracts.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Okay. There was just something out in the news within the last week, so I can follow up with that.
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Okay.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question, guys. Once the asset sales wrap up, you'll be one of the few North American companies to have about as high gas exposure in Europe as you are in North America. So I would ask, given the magnitude of your European gas portfolio, is that something that you expect to grow over time? Or is it a noncore asset that you would be potentially looking to monetize as you've done in North America?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, I'll try to take that one. I mean, you're pointing to the comparability of our European gas sales to our North American, but I'd have to remind you that after the asset sales in North America, North America gas represents less than 10% of our total portfolio. So these aren't the largest positions that we've got from a commodity perspective. With respect to the strategic nature of our European gas sales, that's coming primarily from Norway and as well as the UK. But, yes, I think that we consider the North Sea assets, which are primarily oil producing assets, to be strategic to the company.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Let me ask a quick one on exploration expense. Less than $100 million in Q2, the lowest, I think, on record. Is that a run rate that can be sustained, given your CapEx plans? Or was that a bit of an outlier?
Don E. Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, I mean, the exploration expense tends to be a bit lumpy with specific events that occur, things like lease acquisition that'll happen at one time. We did have in the first quarter, the last vestiges of some of our deep water drilling costs and exploration that are completely done now. And so I wouldn't call $100 million a run rate necessarily, but it's not too far off. I think we're expecting to be around $600 million for the year this year. But $100 million a quarter is not too far off.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Gammel of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Thanks very much. I just had a two-parter on APLNG. First of all, can you make any comments about what the domestic gas situation on the east coast of Australia is potentially going to have on the operations of APLNG? Especially given that it appears to be the project that is producing the most feedstock gas at the current time? And then I guess the second question is given that you're very close to achieving completion and getting certification from the lenders, and lifting of the loan guarantees, gives you quite a bit more flexibility in the role of that asset in the portfolio. So I guess the question really is, would you still consider APLNG a core asset that you would hold for the long-term or would this potentially be another candidate for divestiture, and then you can potentially redeploy the proceeds elsewhere?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. Let's start on the export licensing. You've seen some material in the press lately where the government is starting their process for 2018 to think about what they want to do there. But remember that the key to the regulations, the way they've been written is that the test is whether you're a net domestic gas contributor or not. And so APLNG has always been, and our plans going all the way as far as you can see into the future are for us to always be a significant domestic gas contributor, which just means that as we buy and sell in the domestic market, we're selling much more of our own production into the domestic market than we're buying. And so we're a very significant supplier. We supply about 20% of the domestic gas into the east coast market in Australia as APLNG. So given that that's the case, we don't expect any impact on APLNG's operations from the export licensing process that's ongoing. With regard to our view of how APLNG sits in our portfolio, I guess I could say that we don't have any plans to market or sell APLNG. It sits – we've got all the CapEx behind us and are now in the flat production mode. As Don mentioned earlier, when you include the debt service, we do need $45 to $50 to get to breakeven. But if you exclude the debt service, just to give you an idea of where the operations sit, it's $30 to $35. You need $30 to $35 Brent to breakeven cash, excluding the debt service. So at the kind of levels we're at today, we're able to cover that debt service as well. And we're very pleased with the way that the facility has operated. It's really been better than expected and continues to get better. We had 72 cargos that we shipped all last year from APLNG and we've already done 60 in the first half of this year.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Very helpful. Thanks, Al.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Christine, we're at top of the hour so we'll take our final question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Michael Hall of Heikkinen Energy. Please go ahead.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. Quick one on my end. Just curious kind of on a similar front to some of the questions earlier around if you've seen any varying inflation pressures across the different lower 48 focus areas. But taking that on the learning curve side, you mentioned you're still seeing a lot of progress on that front. Just curious how, if any, those learning curves differ across the different Eagle Ford, Williston and Permian? And then on a related angle, have you had any success kind of bringing technologies from the offshore and other conventional areas into your onshore unconventional projects?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. A number of different questions there. I guess I would say that we don't see any huge differences in terms of learning curve from our different areas. There's some difference with maturity. But even in the Eagle Ford where we're the most mature, we still continue to get very significant improvement in both recoveries and in how many days it takes to drill and complete our wells from year to year. So even where we're mature, we're still continuing to see a significant pace of improvement. The bigger differences for us come around infrastructure and how that impacts our ability to get things done, and have good netbacks. So I think that that's really – oh, and you also asked about the knowledge transfer from the offshore to the onshore. I talked about this on the last quarter call that the big thing for us has really been around data analytics and our integrated operations, which really started many years ago in the North Sea for us in Norway, and then spread across the company and served as the foundation years ago for our data analytics effort in places like the unconventional. That's a good example of some of the offshore coming to the onshore. So I think that's a good place for us to wrap up. And that's a good topic that I'm sure we'll be talking more about at the Analyst Day that we have coming up in November. So we hope to see everybody there.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, folks. Christine, we'll go ahead and wrap it up. Obviously if anybody has any follow-up questions, feel free to ring IR. We'll be glad to help you out. Thank you for your interest and participation. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips
Analysts: Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2017 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP-Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Christine. Hello everybody and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Our speakers for today will be Don Wallette, our EVP of Finance and Commercial and Chief Financial Officer; and Al Hirshberg, our EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects. Our cautionary statement is shown on page 2 of the presentation materials we've provided. We will make some forward-looking statements during today's call that refer to estimates or plans. Actual results could differ due to the factors described on this slide and also described in our periodic SEC filings. We will also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today to facilitate comparisons across periods and with our peers. Reconciliations to non-GAAP measures to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and also on our website. Finally, during this morning's Q&A, we will limit questions to one and a follow-up. And now, I will turn the call over to Don.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Thank you, Ellen. I'll start by covering a few highlights from the first quarter and Al will close with more on our operational results and what to watch for the remainder of the year. I'll begin on slide 4 with a summary of the first quarter. 2017 is off to a good start for the company. We continue to deliver strong underlying performance, both operationally and financially. But the biggest news of this quarter was the progress we made strategically. So let me start there with the left side of the chart. Consistent with our cash allocation priorities, we grew the dividend 6%, we paid off $800 million of debt and we repurchased 2.2 million shares. In total, we've announced over $16 billion of dispositions along with our intent to use a significant portion of the cash proceeds for debt reduction and share buybacks. These strategic actions mean we've not only accelerated the three-year plan we laid out in November into less than one year, but greatly exceeded it. We're on track to close the Canada transaction this quarter and the San Juan Basin transaction in the third quarter. So we're making rapid progress on our transformation. Moving to the middle column, financially, we had an adjusted loss of $19 million. Our first quarter results included dry hole expense of $101 million, which accounts for the slight variance to consensus. This quarter, we generated $1.8 billion in cash from operations excluding working capital. This exceeded capital and dividends by over $0.5 billion. Our adjusted operating costs were 6% improved compared to the first quarter of 2016. Finally, both S&P and Moody's improved their rating outlooks on the company after our announced dispositions. In terms of day-to-day execution, our operations are running well. We exceeded the high end of our first quarter production guidance, delivering 2% underlying production growth year-over-year. In the Lower 48, we are executing our drilling program in line with our plans and we expect to average 11 to 12 rigs for the year. Bottom line, we remain on track to meet our 2017 operational targets, which Al will cover in a few minutes. If you turn to slide 5, I'll review the quarter financials in more detail. This quarter, Brent averaged about $54 a barrel and Henry Hub averaged about $3.30 an MCF. This resulted in an average overall realized price of about $36 a barrel. We reported an adjusted loss of $19 million or $0.02 a share. Year-over-year, adjusted earnings improved nearly $1.2 billion. The biggest driver was a 58% improvement in realized prices, but we also benefited from the actions we've been taking to improve our cost structure. Sequentially, adjusted earnings improved about $300 million. The benefit came primarily from improved realizations and lower cost. One way to think about this quarter is that with $54 Brent, on an adjusted basis, we were very close to being profitable. A year or so ago, we would have needed oil prices in the mid-60s. That's how much improvement we've made and those improvements also drive cash flow. First quarter adjusted earnings by segment are shown on the lower right. Three of the five producing segments were again profitable this quarter. Both Canada and Lower 48 showed significant improvement on the path to profitability. The supplemental data on our website provides additional segment financial detail. If you turn to slide 6, I'll cover our cash flow waterfall for the first quarter. Here is our typical cash flow waterfall, which you are familiar with, so I won't go through each element. But I do want to add some color to a couple of items. While we generated $1.8 billion of operational cash flow ex working capital, we had two items in the quarter that I would not expect to factor into future quarters. First, we had a hedged cross currency swap contract from British pounds to Canadian dollars that was put in place pre-Brexit, but matured this March. So at the termination of the contract, we realized about a $200 million currency loss due to the sterling devaluation over that period, which adversely impacted cash flow. Second, our cash flows in the quarter benefited from the recapture of tax loss carry forwards in Libya when crude oil exports resumed in late 2016. We had four liftings during the first quarter and cash flow benefited by about $100 million due to the tax recoupment. So those items netted to an overall adverse impact on operating cash flow ex working capital of about $100 million. Also of note, we paid down $800 million of debt and made distribution to shareholders of $400 million between dividends and share repurchases. I should point out that we suspended our buyback program during the quarter, as we work to progress the transaction with Cenovus. Shortly after the public announcement of the deal, we resumed repurchasing shares and as we previously announced, we plan to complete the $3 billion of buybacks this year. As you see, we ended the quarter with $3.4 billion in cash and short-term investments. In summary, our focus on free cash flow generation and the lowering of our breakeven price is showing up in our financial performance for the third straight quarter. We're delivering on our cash allocation priorities and the business continues to run well. I'll hand over now to Al to review the quarter's operations in more detail.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Don. Well, we've had another good operational quarter with strong performance on production, capital and operating costs. If you'll turn to slide 8, I'll cover some operational highlights from our Lower 48 and Alaska segments. For the quarter, production excluding Libya increased to 1.58 million oil equivalent barrels per day. That exceeded the high-end of guidance and beat the midpoint by 24,000 barrels per day. As Don said, once you adjust for 2016 asset sales and downtime, it was an underlying increase of 2% compared to our first quarter production last year. We accomplished this production increase while maintaining our discipline on capital and operating costs throughout the company. Lower 48 unconventional production averaged 221,000 barrels per day for the quarter, with the Eagle Ford at 133,000 barrels per day, the Bakken at 59,000 barrels per day and the Permian at 17,000 barrels per day, with the balance in Barnett and Niobrara. This result is a 2% decline versus the same period last year. On the last call, I mentioned the low point for unconventional production was expected to be in the second quarter this year. We now see the inflection point behind us in the first quarter. In April, we reached 12 rigs in the Lower 48 as planned. We're currently running 5 in the Eagle Ford, 4 in the Bakken and 3 in the Permian. In Alaska, production increased 3% compared to the first quarter of 2016 when adjusted for asset sales. Through the winter construction season, the Greater Mooses Tooth 1 ice roads and associated key infrastructure components of the project were completed. This keeps us on track for first oil by the end of 2018 at GMT1. The 1H NEWS drill site facilities are complete and first oil is expected by the end of this year. Following our 2016 exploration discoveries and success at the December lease sales, we completed shooting 3-D seismic in the GMT Unit, which includes our Willow discovery. If you turn to slide 9, I'll cover some operational highlights from the remainder of the portfolio. At our Surmont operations in Canada, we reached a record production rate of 128,000 barrels per day gross, just before disruption of third-party diluent supply force curtailment of the field. We're currently operating at about two-thirds of the pre-disruption volumes, but we expect to return to our planned ramp this month. At this time, we do not anticipate this disruption to have a material impact on full year Canada volumes although it negatively impacted first quarter volumes by around 5,000 barrels per day. In the UK, commissioning began for the Clair Ridge production platform. This is another important step for this project, as we move toward first production in early 2018. In April, the Aasta Hansteen spar left port in Korea en route to Norway. The project is on track and first production is expected by the end of 2018. Moving to Australia, APLNG continues to operate well and the first turnaround to Train 1 was successfully completed in April. 27 LNG cargoes were loaded in the first quarter. We're continuing to hone in on the range of resource for the promising Barossa development to backfill the Darwin LNG plant. The successful Barossa-5 appraisal well increased the estimate of gas in plays and significantly reduced the downside uncertainty. The Barossa-6 well is currently drilling. And finally, in Malaysia, after full commissioning of both gas trains, the Malikai development continues to deliver better than expected production rates. The project will continue to ramp after the planned KBB Malikai turnaround currently underway. So those are just a few operational highlights from the quarter. Now, let's move to slide 10 to discuss the remainder of the year. As we move forward in 2017, we're on track to deliver on continued strong operational performance. In the Lower 48, we expect our unconventional production to increase throughout the year, with an exit rate of around 250,000 barrels per day while maintaining the average rigs at around 11 to 12. In the next two quarters, we have planned turnarounds in Alaska, Europe and the APME segments that will impact production. The table on the left provides some perspective on how key operational metrics will be affected by our two announced asset sales. Given that we don't know the exact dates of closing for the sales transactions, the table shows the metrics both with and without these sales. On the left are the numbers excluding any impact from dispositions. The numbers on the right are pro forma guidance numbers, assuming both the Canadian and the San Juan dispositions had closed on January 1. 2017. As Don said, we expect Canada to close sometime in the second quarter and San Juan in the third quarter. We will update guidance during the year as those transactions close. In the appendix, we provide additional guidance on each of the two dispositions. But the bottom line is this, underlying performance is on track to meet or exceed our budgeted plans. And finally, please save the date for our 2017 Analyst & Investor Meeting. This year's meeting will be held on November 8 in New York. We're on a fast track to transform ConocoPhillips into a company that thrives at today's oil prices. We look forward to updating you on strategic progress and providing a deep dive into our unique portfolio. Now, I'll turn the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good afternoon.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Phil.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hi, Phil.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Phil.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: My first question is just on the second quarter production guidance, I just want to make sure I understood it on an apples-to-apples basis. I understand that you don't have the asset sales in there that have been announced, but I just wanted to go back to the 2Q 2016 and make sure I understood those numbers, because you did have some asset sales in 2016 as well that you were talking about when you discussed the 1Q performance. So is the right base from 2Q 2016 1,546 MBOED, so the midpoint would be down 2% year-over-year? Or am I looking at that the wrong way?
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Hang on, Phil. We're looking here.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, 1,546 MBOED is the actual from Q2 last year.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So because 1Q, you were up 2% year-over-year, so I was just trying to tie that to the midpoint being about down 2%. I think you mentioned that there's some maintenance in the second quarter of this year. I was just hoping to understand a little bit better some of the moving pieces there.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. The 1,546 MBOED, though, does not have adjustments in it for sales that have happened since then.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Like Block B.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So I don't think it's right to take that number and then compare it directly to 2Q. That would be missing the adjustments for sales since then.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: We can take that offline, Phil.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good. No problem. No problem.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Our 2Q of this quarter does include the delta between its dispositions and it does include the delta on planned downtime as well.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. In the...
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure. Sure.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: ...Q2 number, there is a significant turnaround downtime built in, but that's not so different from last year either, so.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, second question, maybe just to follow up on the buyback commentary, so you obviously were blacked out for a period of time there, but it sounds like you're committed to the $3 billion number for the full year, which would imply you're going to go from like $100 million run rate in the first quarter to something closer to $1 billion for the next three quarters. Is that the right way to think about that?
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yes, Phil, I think that's a reasonable assumption. You know our philosophy is to dollar-cost average mostly, so it will be pretty consistent over the quarters.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Maybe to start out with one on CapEx, the CapEx run rate in the quarter was certainly well below kind of the full year guidance on a quarterly basis. Can you talk about what was driving that and some of the moving pieces that will drive the trajectory of quarterly CapEx throughout the year?
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Sure. The quarterly came in at about $950 million. So if you take the run rate times 4, you get like a $3.8 billion kind of number. We do still expect to spend $5 billion on the year. It's interesting, though, that we were able to continue to grow volumes even at that lower CapEx rate. I think so, partly, it does reflect our continuing capital discipline and our success in resisting some of the inflationary forces that are out there. But we did have, in the quarter, some more roll-off in project activity, particularly in our APME region, Malaysia, Indonesia, some lower project activity. Our exploration CapEx was lower, a bit of a timing thing, in the first quarter. Our CapEx in places where we are ramping, projects like Alaska and places like L 48 where we were coming up on rigs, was increased. But just to give you perspective around the Lower 48 where we have our biggest ramp going on, we came into the quarter at 8 rigs and we exited the quarter at 11 rigs, we're now at 12 and of course, the majority of the cost associated with that rigs is associated with the completions, and the completion work comes along behind that, and so, that's still ramping. And so, I think that will be a key driver that will push our quarterly CapEx numbers up going forward through the rest of the year, and I expect that we will spend that $5 billion even though you don't see it in the first quarter pace.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And then, maybe just one follow-up on the U.S. onshore. Can you talk a little bit – the comments that you had previously that you expected the trough in Q2, it looks like you're going to trough in 1Q now. You were able to hold production relatively flat quarter-on-quarter versus 4Q 2016. Could you talk about some of the things that drove the better than expected production? The exit rate looks like it's a little bit above the kind of 5% to 10% exit rate increase that you had talked about on a previous call. So can you run through some of the things maybe? Is it earlier activity? Is it better well performance? What's driving the better than expected production out of the Lower 48?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, no, Ryan, I think you are right, we are continuing to see better than expected numbers there. Our first quarter production out of this piece of our business was up 2% or 3% over what we were predicting, say, a quarter ago. And it's the continuing drumbeat of improvements from technology and other efficiency drivers, things like data analytics that are helping us continue to get more and more efficient in the results that we get there. So I think that last quarter, I said I thought that on a full year basis that 2017 would be 5% to 10% somewhere in that range lower than 2016. I think it's clear just from the progress we've already made so far this year that we'll be at the low end of that decline range, if you will. So we'll do better. Instead of declining 5% to 10%, we'll be closer to the 5%. If you look at it 4Q to 4Q, I said on the last call I thought we would be up 5% to 10% 4Q of 2016 to 4Q of 2017. And I think you're right, it's already clear that we're at the very high end of that guidance now that we'll be the top end just based on what we see so far. And it's consistent with this idea that 11 to 12 rigs, we said we would grow 10% to 15% based on that chart we showed you back at the Analyst Meeting. And I think it's clear from the progress we made so far that we're on the upper end of that kind of range, if not beating it all, so.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Is it safe to assume that – your estimates here are based on the fact that in the current environment that you pause here at 12 rigs, and the rig ramp doesn't go any farther beyond that?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, that's right. In 2017, as we've said before, we don't plan to go above this kind of 11 to 12 rigs for 2017. And so, all those numbers are based on continuing with that same scope that we've laid out in the past, no increase.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Good day.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Hi, Paul.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. You said that you'd bottom sooner than expected in the Lower 48. Is the rig count that you've got there, the 12? What's the progression now anticipated if it's changed at all? And could you break that down by – between Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian please? Thanks.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, like we said a minute ago, the rigs are five in the Eagle Ford, four in the Bakken, three in the Permian. The Permian, two of those are in the unconventional, and one is in the Permian conventional.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Apologies, because I just completely missed the. Go ahead.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. And so, we do plan to do some work in the Niobrara this year, and so, some of these rigs may bounce up and down a little bit, but I expect to be in the 11 to 12 kind of range all year.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Where would you think that goes next year, Al?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, that's a 2018 CapEx question. It's just too early to say. We'll obviously be watching the macro environment as we go through the year, and that includes where the cost and inflationary environment is going as well to sort of see how we judge that. But it's just too early to say. I imagine we'll be talking about that at our Analyst Meeting come November about what our plans are for 2018.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Just a follow-up and apologies if that previous question was some already asked. When you look at the proceeds that you've got from these big disposals and I'm also thinking back to conversations you and I've had about cash again in the past, you're getting really outstanding valuations relative to where your stock trades. Is there not a strong temptation to re-up the disposal program out? Thanks.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: To re-up. I mean I guess – I mean that we talked at the Analyst Day just not too long ago, last November, about $5 billion to $8 billion over two years, 2017 and 2018. And we've already announced, what is it, $16 billion.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Over.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Over $16 billion and have said we're still going to continue with the rest of our program and get probably another $1 billion to $2 billion as we...
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes. I guess it's the upside to the $1 billion to $2 billion is what I'm driving at. Could you add another leg when the valuations are so attractive?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: We don't have any plans to do that right now. I mean we identified from a strategic standpoint the kind of assets that we wanted to sell. And part of the consideration there was which types assets did we think we could get good value for in today's market and so that's how we put that list together. And I haven't seen any fundamental change in the market that would make me want to change that right now.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: I understand that. You answered the question. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Paul.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Paul. Sorry, we preempted you on your question by answering it ahead of time.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Excellent, so I don't have to waste my one question or two questions.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Right.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I think the first question is maybe both for Don and Al. Have you guys received any dividend payments on the APLNG at $54 Brent? And also that Al, can you talk about Queensland LNG export quota? What kind of timeline and decision-making process we should be able to monitor to understand that – how that process?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. I can comment on both of those, I guess. I mean we're in the – we have not received any distributions so far this year from APLNG. Of course, that cash sort of builds inside the joint venture, and then, the joint venture decides when to make distributions. But we are in that kind of range where we're – as we move in the kind of 50s, that – and ramp up – and as we ramp up our volumes that you would expect to start getting some distributions. With regard to the export licensing, the government of Australia has announced some key principles around that just here recently and have said they'd like to put it into effect by July 1. With regard to that, we're of course very engaged with the government and the details around how we're going to – how this regulatory – how these regulations are going to roll out. And we can see that APLNG is very well-positioned relative to what the government's trying to do here. Their focus is on wanting the LNG export projects to be net domestic gas contributors is what they call it which just simply means that of all the production that we control and a portion of which goes through our LNG plant that we also are a net provider to the domestic market. So we may be buying gas on the domestic market, selling gas, but we need to net provide gas. And APLNG has always done that and has a firm plan to continue to do that. In fact, APLNG provides about 20% of the domestic gas on the East Coast market in Australia. So because of that and the way they've laid the rules out, we don't expect that there'll be any impact on APLNG exports from these new rules as they come into detailed regulations.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. Second question I think is for Don and maybe also for Al. Don, how much is the debt you may be able to buy back or pay down without any penalty over the next two years? And in terms of the dry hole, do we still see a lot of exposure for the remainder of the year or those are behind us by now after the first quarter dry hole?
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, maybe the second question first, Paul, as far as dry holes. We had about $100 million dry hole expense in the first quarter and I think our guidance on that for the year was $200 million. So we've taken a look at that. We haven't changed our guidance. We're pretty comfortable that we'll be somewhere around the $200 million range when we look at the program and the way that the risk is distributed across the quarter. So no change to the $200 million guidance. As far as debt repayment, we said that we want to reduce our balance sheet debt down to $20 billion this year, which is nearly $7.5 billion of reduction. Your question was around how much can you reduce without a penalty. What we're doing in this first phase, if you will, to get down to $20 billion is basically focused on near-term maturities and the term loan that we have out there in 2019. The term loan has no penalties associated with it. The balance of the debt that's going to be retired this year will be retired through make whole provisions and I don't know if you consider that a penalty, but we will pay a premium over the par value on the bonds. But since there's such near-term maturities, the penalty is fairly modest or the make whole premium is fairly modest and so what I'm looking at is cash efficiency and we believe we can retire that $7.5 billion of debt, we'd spend about $1.04 roughly to retire each dollar of debt. So that's pretty efficient.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Edward Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Yeah. A question just on inflation and deflation, I mean obviously, your program is spread across the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian. The Permian is where people think inflation is the most severe, but maybe any comments what you're saying in the other basins. And you did touch on that some of its timing on CapEx, but maybe just any comments on deflation in the non-shale spend of the $5 billion program that you're seeing.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. I would say at a high level, there's really been no big changes in my views about inflation for this year versus the comments I made on the last quarter call. If I look at our spending year-to-date where we track this every month, we are still net deflation year-to-date as a company. So we've certainly experienced more deflation in our costs after the first quarter in 2017 versus 2016 and there is a mix there. And as you correctly point out, I think the Permian is hotter than some of the other Lower 48 unconventional areas, but all of the Lower 48 unconventional is experiencing some pressure, although, actually, only in certain business lines, I mean it is variable. We're experiencing inflation in the Lower 48 and pressure pumping, proppant, cement, tubulars, those kind of categories, but we're actually still experiencing deflation on some of our labor costs, oilfield chemical costs, some of our fabrication costs in the Lower 48 are lower than they were last year. And so, there is some mix there. But overall, because we are still experiencing significant deflation internationally, that plus a little bit of help we're getting for some of our fixed contract pricing in the Lower 48 is more than offsetting that and allowing us to be net deflating so far this year.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: That's very helpful. And switching it around geographically, I mean Alaska seems to be a real progress area. Obviously, you gave guidance on the production potential out to 2021 at the Analyst Day last year, which included some of these projects that you're starting up. Is there anything that you can do to drive production harder before 2021. I know on the last call you mentioned that the Willow discovery was maybe 100,000 barrels a day but that was 2023. I'm just trying to get a sense of the levers to lean into Alaska as you get more confident in the resource base and maybe oil picks up.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, I think we have a lot of continuous coil tubing drilling work there, rotary drilling work there. So we have a fairly continuous program, a lot of which is driven by different kinds of new technology that allow you to see where to drill. And so, you do have some ability to change the pace of that work. And also, as we continue to march out GMT1, GMT2, our next projects, you maybe have some control over the pace of those. And recall, on Willow, when I said 2023, I think I said that the most important thing driving timing there was the permitting process and that based on experience from the past, 2023 would be the earliest, that would be if we had cooperative Federal permitting process.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Thanks for that clarification. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Good morning, everybody.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Hi, Doug.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: I have a few questions that I think are probably for Don. First, can you provide some specificity on the deferred tax item in the quarter in that it was fairly high and also any insight as to how it may trend in the future?
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Sure, Doug. Yeah. The deferred tax used in the first quarter was very high at $1.2 billion. It does stand out, so I'm not surprised you're asking about it. But that was mainly driven by that large financial tax benefit that we had on the Canadian transaction that we booked during the first quarter. If you remember, that was like $1 billion or so.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: So when you remove that and a few other special items, non-recurring type items, we would get down to about $100 million use of cash for the quarter, which is right on line with what we would expect, and probably more in line with what you would expect.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. Okay. And then, second, just to clarify, and getting to your debt reduction target of $15 billion in 2019, it looks like you're assuming Brent prices of only $55. So number one, to clarify that figure. Two, ask what divestiture proceeds are included in that outcome. And then, three, is it correct to assume that net debt to total cap in that scenario is less than 10% in your scenario by that point in 2019? Is that about right, Don?
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, as far as the planning scenario, I think what we've shown is around $50 Brent plan over the next few years, that's what we're planning for. And as far as what mix, what the dispositions contribute to the debt reduction, it gets pretty fungible pretty quick. I would say based on these two transactions we've announced closing, that $16 billion of proceeds, you can look at our current cash balance, if you use current strip going forward, we're going to end the year with a pretty large cash balance.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Sure.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: But we still have a bit to do in 2017 and 2018. We've pretty much earmarked another $5 billion for debt reduction over those years and another $3 billion in share buybacks so that's $8 billion, that's going to have to be funded from the combination of our cash balances, which are the result of the dispositions as well as free cash flow that we're able to generate. I don't know if that answers your question. Doug, on net debt to total cap, I don't have that statistic handy right now, but based on my projections as far as say CFO, to net debt, I'm looking at a leverage ratio somewhere around 1.5 times, closer to 1.5 times than the 2 times that we've talked about previously.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. Okay, Don, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: A lot of the detailed ones have been asked I guess, but Al, I wonder if I could, a little prematurely, I guess, talk about major capital project spending and your thoughts beyond the current year. And what was at the back of my mind is your comment on Barasso – or Barossa, I guess, sorry on some speculation that ConocoPhillips might consider on expansion of Darwin. So just sort of big picture comments on where you see major capital project commitments on Darwin specifically, and I've got a follow-up, please.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think consistent with what we've said in the past, I expect that we're not eager to get into any inflexible super major projects like things like APLNG and Surmont 2 anytime soon, but we do have this nice pathway of semi-flexible midsize projects that we can modify the timing of that extend well out in time. And so, we'll be managing that as we figure out how much of our capital do we want to allocate to things that are flexible on the month and things that are flexible over a period of years. And so, we have a lot of optionality there and keep adding new things into the hopper, things like Willow up in Alaska. But with regard to Barossa, I mean we have Bayu-Undan supplying the Darwin plant now and it's coming toward the end of its life. And so, we know that we need to backfill with some new development and Barossa is what's in our plans. And Barossa fits into the current Darwin plant as it is; we don't need to expand it. There has been interest from many other parties in the area who have – there's a lot of discovered gas off the coast there, and so, there's been interest from a lot of other parties in whether we would consider expanding the plant and so, they've been willing to put up money to do some engineering study work to see what it might cost to do that and so we've been supporting that effort. But that's not in our current plans, to expand the plant, but that possibility is being studied, primarily to see whether you could accommodate some of the other gas that's been discovered in the area. You don't need it for Barossa.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. And I guess my follow-up is also for you, Al. It really goes back to an earlier question about the pace of growth in the Lower 48. I mean obviously, given the environment we're in right now and oil kind of struggling to break $50 on a sustainable basis, what's the governor for your growth targets for the Lower 48? It's obviously not cash flow or cash, given the amount of cash you're going to have in the balance sheet, but what's the right rate of growth, as you think about the 12-rig program looking beyond 2017? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think for us, you really have to go back to the priorities, those five priorities that we laid out back at the Analyst Meeting, where we've got this high-return disciplined-growth CapEx that we have available as an option, but it's competing with how we spend our cash on share buybacks and net debt reduction that Don was talking about a minute ago. We don't plan to chase production growth into the cycle. We're quite pleased with the amount of growth we've been able to get in the unconventional space just at the rig levels that we're at now. If you look at entry to exit in 2017, even as we've been increasing our rig counts and really haven't gotten to steady-state till here in April, you'll see on the order of about a 20% entry to exit growth rate for us in our Lower 48 unconventional. So we'll be considering those trade-offs between how to use that cash, as we work through our plans and establish, working with our Board of Directors what's our 2018 CapEx level going to be and be talking more about that as we move back into the later part of the year and into the November Analyst Meeting.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. I will wait until then. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Sorry. I had to take mute off there. Thanks. Good morning.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Good morning, Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey. I guess coming back to the Eagle Ford shale and your guidance or your indication that you may perform at the top end of the guidance range, if you're not spending any more money, I presume that means it's the same well count, but the wells themselves are more efficient or they're getting completed more quickly? Maybe just a little enlightenment there, please.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, well, Roger, it's sum of both. It's this continuing improvement year-after-year that really hasn't slowed down for us in the Lower 48 unconventional space where we're getting better production, better recoveries and continuing to drill and complete faster, quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. And so, that's really what drives it. We build some of that into our forecast when we lay it out, but we've had a pretty good history here, quarter-after-quarter, of having it perform even better than the level of improvement that we had forecast.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Any particular item you'd single out or call out?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I would say, there hasn't been anything involved here that I would call a step change. So we're working on some step change items for the future, but I wouldn't say there's been a particular step change item that's driven this. If I had to call out one thing that's really gained steam over the last couple of years and it's paying significant dividends for us now, it would be just generically data analytics, big data where we've been working hard on that for quite a few years, but we've been able to standardize and drive it through more and more of our operations and have it much more handily helping us make day-to-day decisions on how to develop as a stronger force. And I think if I had to pick one thing that threads through all of this, that's probably what I would say is the biggest trend driver.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. I'm sensing a theme for November 8. And then, switching gears a little bit, over to you, Don. Production out of Libya, and I recognize there are a lot of things moving around, but are there any prospects for cash flow from Libya in 2017?
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, we had some pretty good cash flow from Libya in the first quarter, Roger. I tried to explain that a lot of that was due to tax loss carry forwards that had been built up during the couple of years that operations had been suspended and when they resumed, that's the first money we get back. So we're getting the lion's share of the cargoes – or the proceeds of the cargoes that are sold. We sold four cargoes, I believe, in the first quarter.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: We're continuing to sell into the second quarter, but the majority of that tax loss carry forward has been exhausted and we would expect if production continues uninterrupted in Libya, that we would fully exhaust that carry forward during the second quarter, so I would expect it to carry.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Sorry, I should have been more specific like after the loss carry forwards. Does the business underlying generate cash flow? Or is it simply a recapture of the tax loss carry forward?
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I would call that pretty modest cash flow.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Morning, folks.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, Blake.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: A question on the Lower 48 profitability. It looks like a loss of about $170 million or so this quarter with oil averaging over $50. Al had mentioned the inflationary pressures being experienced there. I know we get some volume growth, but is there anything that you can think of that would meaningfully change the profitability of the business? In other words, at $50 to $55, should we just think that this is going to continue to be the net income negative business? Or is that a step change also acknowledging, of course, the gas sales may impact some things?
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, I'll try that one, Blake. Of course, some of the things that we're doing on the portfolio, we expect to be accretive to income going forward and profitability. Obviously, we've taken a lot of measures over the last two years to reduce our cost structure. Those efforts continue in the Lower 48 commensurate with the dispositions and other programs that we have underway. So yeah, in the first quarter, pre-tax, I think that loss was around $260 million. You know what, if you look back over the last, say, five quarters at the pre-tax losses versus different prices, you'll see that it's about $500 million of profit improvement for every $10 increase in oil price, of course, there's a lot of gas price improvement going along with that. So we're getting pretty close on the commodities side, but we still got a ways to go.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I would say one other area of improvement, Blake, in that arena, is our DD&A rates. We have been seeing larger bookings across the unconventional, as we get more time with that, and that has been driving down some very high DD&A rates. And I expect that to continue, as we get more experience and are able to book more proved reserves. We really have pretty small bookings relative to what we know is there, and so, that should continue to help our earnings. I guess there's also the dry hole money that's built into those numbers as well.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yes. Over the last few years, of course, we had been active in the deepwater in the Gulf of Mexico and we incurred quite a few dry hole expenses. In this quarter, we saw some dry hole cost there as well, so we would expect that that trend would abate with time and that will improve our earnings.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: That's helpful. Thank you. The only other question I had – and you may not have these numbers at your fingertips – but on your kind of post transaction guidance of 1,145 MBOED to 1,175 MBOED of production, do you happen to have a comparable number of what those numbers were in 2016?
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Blake, I don't have those numbers. We don't have those handy. Can we come back to you on that?
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Yeah. Absolutely. No worries.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: It won't be hard to do.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Yeah. Okay.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: I don't have that handy.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Thank you.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons & Company. Please go ahead.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thank you very much for taking the question. Al, on the topic of Big Data and data analytics and the impact that has had on operational performance, it seemed as if your comments primarily apply to your U.S. unconventional operations. Is that an accurate observation? And then, the question would be to what extent can those learnings and processes be applied globally across the broader portfolio? Where might you be in that process or assessing that?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. No, that's actually not an accurate way to think about it. Our data analytics work, actually, started outside the U.S. It's one of the things that we actually first started doing that work in the North Sea. And it made its way around the world from there. And so, it's been a powerful force for us. I would say where the U.S. has led that effort is the early days of data analytics for us were really focused on operational efficiency, operating your rotating equipment better, that sort of thing. And in the Lower 48 unconventional where you're drilling so many wells all the time, then data analytics was very helpful at helping to drive up our EURs, make our completions more efficient, our drilling more efficient. And you get a lot of opportunities to practice and so it has a quicker impact on your results. And we also use it in the U.S. to drive our uptime efficiency to manage our equipment and to help our multi-skilled operators in the field to be the most efficient they can be, in terms of what well do I work on next and those sorts of things. So it's really got universal use across the company globally and has moved from being an above ground kind of thing that we use on equipment to being something that helps drive the work we're doing below ground as well.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International: That's helpful, Al. Thanks. And then, I wanted to talk a little bit more about the key major project ramp-ups this year, the longer cycle projects. You mentioned that Malikai was exceeding expectations. Can you speak to that a little bit what might be driving that, where we are in terms of production versus peak capacity? And then, can you give us an update on the KBB gas project in Malaysia, how that ramp might be progressing towards full capacity?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. The Malikai project, we've had better well performance, better reservoir performance than we expected. We're still ramping there, so we're going to continue to get more benefits from that. KBB has continued to be constrained by third-party pipelines downstream of it. And so, there's been a lot of progress made on that. There's some additional work being done on those facilities while we're in shutdown right now. We have an extended shutdown that we're on, on KBB right now that – and since Malikai gas flows through KBB also, it's got both of those shut in while we complete this turnaround. And as we come up from that, we'll be doing some testing downstream of KBB to try and verify what gas capacity we have now through these third-party facilities and that should allow us to ramp KBB some more as we move back through the back part of the year. And of course, Malikai will be ramping as well.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question, guys. You've spelled out five Eagle Ford, four Bakken and three Permian rigs, and recognizing that you do not have any near-term plans to add rigs, if you had the choice to add one additional or two additional ones, which of those three plays would be your first call on capital?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: It's pretty clear that the next place we would add a rig would be the Eagle Ford. The Eagle Ford is mature enough, it has the infrastructure capacity that you could add a rig there and wouldn't have to spend any additional money on take away, et cetera. And with all the pressure in other places like the Permian, the Eagle Ford has been a good place to operate with less pressure on inflation and better netbacks for the barrels that you're sending out. So, for us, all of the – and we still have a lot of very high quality acreage to be drilled great drilling locations in the Eagle Ford. So it's a pretty straightforward answer for us.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then, just a quick follow-up on Alaska. You've mentioned that you are in the process of trying to sell the Kenai LNG plant. Do you have any involvement at the moment in the Alaska LNG project?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, the Kenai LNG plant, started up in the late 1960s and, really, the area has sort of run out of gas to feed it, and so, we've been marketing it thinking it might have more value to others and it had some interest in it. So that's something that's in progress. The Alaska LNG project is a mega-project that has had a lot of engineering work going to it, trying to find the most economic way to develop all the gas that's being recycled right now at Prudhoe Bay. The current environment of that project is that the state has taken over the engineering and commercial work to drive that project forward, hoping to do it in a more tax efficient way and we're supporting the state in those efforts.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Appreciate it, guys.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Pavel.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Michael Hall of Heikkinen Energy. Please go ahead.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thanks, appreciate the time. Maybe kind of one in the weeds and one higher up – higher level question. I guess, first, on the detailed one, you just mentioned a difference in netbacks for your crude in the Eagle Ford relative to the Permian. Are you seeing any differences in the way – in the sort of pricing you're getting for your crude in the Delaware relative to the Eagle Ford, as it relates to gravity discounts or anything along those lines at this point?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I don't know about gravity discounts, but the Eagle Ford market has improved significantly over the last several years. It's become a lot more competitive. I guess a couple things probably contributing to that. One is the decline of supply in the Eagle Ford. The other is the crude oil exports last year, which opened up new markets for the Eagle Ford. So we are seeing netback improvements year-on-year at equivalent pricing of several dollars. So it's become very competitive there.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: So it sounds like maybe less about the Permian degrading, more about the Eagle Ford improving. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, that's probably fair.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. And then, I guess, the big picture question, you've kind of hit on it a little bit, but in just trying to think about the non-shale, or let's say non-U.S. businesses, you guys have a pretty unique perspective as it relates to kind of the deflationary impacts of improving productivity and efficiency outside of the U.S. I'm just curious if you could kind of compare and contrast how meaningful, how impactful that's been in terms of reducing state flag (58:52) capital now versus expectations a year ago and how you think that might continue to progress in the years ahead, it's big picture?
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think it's been a not-insignificant factor in driving down particularly our capital, but also somewhat on our operating costs as a company overall and in the first quarter, we continued to see some pretty strong deflation outside the U.S., as we were rolling into the contracts and maybe even a little more deflationary than we would have predicted in the first quarter. And so, that's been a continuation of a trend over the last couple of years. It's certainly not the key thing that's been driving down our costs and driving down that sort of breakeven CapEx that we've talked about. That's been driven more by other factors, but deflation has been one of the significant pieces. Our model predicts that we will continue to see deflationary forces throughout this year outside the U.S. internationally, but that they'll be becoming smaller and smaller, and that by the time you get to next year that you would stop seeing significant deflation even outside the U.S. and that would start to even up. And so, if we continue to see inflation in the Lower 48, I would expect, as we go from 2017 to 2018, that we'll start to have a net inflationary environment.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Great. Appreciate it. Helpful color.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Michael. Christine, do you want to wrap it up here? Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-02 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips
Analysts: Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2016 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP – Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thank you, Christine. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call. Our speakers for today will be Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Don Wallette, our EVP of Finance and Commercial and our Chief Financial Officer; and Al Hirshberg, our EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects. Our cautionary statement is shown on page two of today's presentation. We will make some forward-looking statements this morning during the call that refer to estimates or plans, and our actual results could differ due to many of the factors described on the slide as well as in our periodic SEC filings. We will also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today, and that's to facilitate comparisons across periods and with our peers. Reconciliation to non-GAAP measures that most closely correspond to the GAAP measures can be found in this morning's press release and also on our website. And then finally, during this morning's Q&A we will limit questions to one and a follow-up. And now I'll turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Thank you, Ellen, and let me also welcome those joining the call today. Since our analyst and investor meeting in November we've received quite a lot of positive feedback on our disciplined returns-based value proposition, but I think we also heard that we needed to show you that we can deliver on this plan; in other words, we said it, but you need to see it. So that's the punchline of today's call. Since November we've taken several actions that offer a snapshot of our value proposition in action. In addition, our fourth quarter results underscore the inflection point we're at as a company. I'll build on these themes over a couple of slides and then I'll turn the call the call over to Don and to Al. So we turn to slide four, this is an updated version of our value proposition on a page that we showed you in November. We showed our principles on the left and our cash flow allocation priorities and targets in the middle column. Shown on the right are proof points that these priorities are activated and delivering. Let me step through them. In the fourth quarter we generated sufficient cash from operations to cover our capital expenditures and pay our dividend for the second quarter in a row, at an average of $45 to $50 Brent prices. As you know, our first call on cash flows is to invest capital to maintain our production and pay our existing dividend, and we're reiterating our 2017 CapEx plan of $5 billion which can achieve this priority. Our second priority is grow the dividend. Earlier this week we announced a 6% increase in our quarterly dividend rate. The dividend is an important part of our commitment to return capital to our shareholders, and we believe this increase sends a strong signal that we intend to operate dividend that is competitive, sustainable, and affordable through the cycles. In November we set a debt target of $20 billion by the end of 2019. We're making steady progress towards that goal; we reduced debt by $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter. We're committed to maintaining a strong investment grade balance sheet through the cycles, and our plan is to reduce debt as it matures but we're willing to reduce debt more quickly if we find ourselves with additional cash due to higher prices or earlier proceeds from our disposition plans. We stated a goal to pay 20% to 30% of our cash from operations to shareholders through dividend and share buybacks. In mid-November we began repurchasing shares under the initial $3 billion repurchase authorization. However, like our debt reduction target, we would be willing to put more money to this priority if cash is available and the value is compelling. Finally, we grew production by 3% on an adjusted basis, 2016 versus 2015, and we did this while spending only $4.9 billion in capital. We're on track to grow up to 2% on that same basis in 2017 when excluding the full year impact of our 2016 disposition plans. We're putting more money to shorter-cycle low-cost of supply investments in the Lower 48. Growth will be balanced against our other priorities, and that's key to our disciplined approach. Our ongoing commitment to these priorities is that we can enable us to deliver more predictable and sustainable returns to shareholders no matter what the prices do. We believe these priorities are unique and they are working, that's why it's a compelling time to invest in ConocoPhillips. Another reason is we're at a significant inflection point as an E&P company, and I'll describe that in more detail on the next slide. This slide describes that inflection point in three ways: transformation, acceleration and differentiation. On the left, we've significantly transformed our company. The fourth quarter performance highlights the many changes we made to our business during the past two years which led us to cash flow neutrality in a $45 to $50 Brent environment. As we go forward you'll see sustainable improvements in both our cash flow and income drivers which will also drive improvements in free cash flow generation and in returns. Our margin should improve as we allocate more CapEx to high cycle, short cycle investments – high return, short cycle investments. We've guided to lower adjusted operating costs, expiration costs, and DD&A versus 2016, and we think these improvements are sustainable, and we're reducing our share count. These factors should provide strong momentum in 2017 and beyond. We're also accelerating our value proposition. Investors don't have to wait for a significant price move to the upside for our priorities to start kicking in. As I mentioned, since November we've increased the dividend, reduced our debt, initiated a share repurchase program, and shifted capital within our portfolio to higher marginal Lower 48 activity. We also expect to deliver $5 billion to $8 billion in asset sales that can fund additional debt reduction, buybacks or incremental growth. Our marketing processes are underway, and we'll provide updates throughout the year. Finally, what differentiates us compared to other E&P companies; we're managing the business for free cash flow, and we laid out clear priorities about how we'll allocate our free cash flow to generate strong returns. Our value proposition balances commitment with flexibility and balances reinvestment in the business with returning cash to owners. Our 20% to 30% payout of CFO is distinctive. We're focused on returns; not absolute growth. We intend to differentiate ourselves by maintaining discipline through the cycles and across all value drivers; we're not going to chase prices up and down. We believe our diversified low cost of supply portfolio is also an advantage. We have an 18 billion barrel resource base with an average cost of supply of less than $40 Brent that can drive future returns. We believe this inventory of high quality investment opportunity is distinctive amongst our competitors. So transformation, acceleration and differentiation; these are the themes I hope you take away from today's call. We're on a more disciplined and resilient future path, and that's good for all our stakeholders. Now let me turn the call over to Don and Al who will describe our 2016 performance and our outlook for 2017 in more detail.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Thank you, Ryan. I'll begin on slide seven with adjusted earnings. This quarter Brent averaged about $50 a barrel, and Henry Hub about $3 in MCF, resulting in an average realized price of just under $33 per barrel. We reported an adjusted loss of $318 million or $0.26 a share. Year-over-year, adjusted earnings improved about $800 million. We benefited from a 15% improvement in realized prices and a reduction in exploration expenses. Sequentially, adjusted earnings improved about $500 million. Approximately $300 million of the benefit came from improved realizations, and $200 million from lower depreciation expenses. Depreciation expense in the fourth quarter was lower, and this was primarily a result of performance-related reserve revisions and the addition of new reserves. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings by segment are shown in the lower right side of the slide. Each of our producing segments showed improvement, and three of the five producing segments were profitable in the quarter. The supplemental data on our website provides additional segment financial detail. 2017 guidance is also provided in the appendix of the deck, and I want to comment on two expense items that are significant reductions from prior years: depreciation and exploration expense. We expect lower depreciation to continue in 2017. Our guidance for the year is $8 billion versus $9.1 billion in 2016. This may seem a little counterintuitive given the reserve revisions we announced this morning, however about 90% of the revisions were PUDs, undeveloped reserves, which have minimal impact on our depreciable asset base. Additionally, 2017 depreciation will benefit from the performance-related reserve increases we saw in the fourth quarter, and finally our consolidated volumes will be a little lower in 2017 but offset by higher equity affiliate volumes. Exploration expense guidance for 2017 is $200 million versus approximately $700 million in 2016, reflecting the wind down of our deepwater activity. If you turn to slide eight I'll cover cash flow for the fourth quarter. There's a full year of cash flow waterfall in the appendix but we wanted to highlight the fourth quarter as a better reflection of the current environment, and to demonstrate the inflection point message that Ryan emphasized earlier. As you can, see we continue to make progress on our cash allocation priorities. Again, this quarter we generated sufficient cash from operations to more than cover our capital spending and dividend. We started the quarter with $4.3 billion in cash and short-term investments. During the fourth quarter we generated $1.75 billion from operating activities excluding operating working capital. Working capital was a $200 million use of cash in the quarter. Proceeds from asset sales generated $900 million. We retired $1.25 billion debt maturity and accelerated the repayment of our term loan by $150 million for a total debt reduction in the quarter of $1.4 billion. Capital spending was $1 billion. We initiated our share buybacks mid-quarter and, along with dividends, returns to shareholders totaled a little over $400 million, and we ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in cash and short-term investments. One final comment, as I mentioned last quarter, at Brent prices around $50 a barrel, we would expect to generate about $6.5 billion of operating cash flow on an annual basis. Based on the midpoint of our production guidance, that's still a good marker for 2017. We're going to be keeping a close eye on this just like you. That concludes my comments. Now I'll turn the call over to Al for his comments on operations.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Don. Well we've had another strong operational quarter. Production came in at the top end of guidance and, again, we again beat guidance for both capital and adjusted operating costs. I'll begin with a review of our preliminary 2016 reserves. Final reserve details will be published in our 10-K in late February. So on slide 10 you'll see that we started the year with 8.2 billion barrels of reserves. We produced 0.6 billion barrels and had additions of 0.5 billion barrels, excluding market factors. So on that basis, our replacement from additions was 81%; that's an 81% replacement of production from additions in a year when we spent less than $5 billion in capital and sanctioned no major projects. Our addition of 482 million barrels results in an adjusted F&D cost of about $10 a barrel. Market factors reduced our year end reserves by approximately 1.6 billion barrels, and the oil sands represented over 70% of that reduction. About 90% of the reduction was PUDs. Of course, these resources have not gone away. Remember, these reserves were on the books in 2015 when the average Brent price was similar to today's price, so we expect to rebook reserves if current prices hold. The 18 billion barrels of resources with an average cost of supply less than $40 a barrel that we discussed at our recent analyst meeting are also unaffected by these market-driven reserve changes. More details will be available in our 10-K filing. If you turn to slide 11 I'll cover some highlights from our Lower 48 and Canada segments. In the Lower 48, our production in the fourth quarter was 458,000 barrels per day. Once you adjust for asset sales, that's an underlying decrease of about 9% compared to our fourth quarter production last year, primarily driven by our reduced activity levels in the unconventionals. Production from unconventionals in the fourth quarter was 226,000 barrels per day, a decrease of about 14% compared to our fourth quarter production last year. Underlying declines were in line with expectations, but we also had some impact from winter weather in the Bakken that's behind us now. We began ramping up unconventional rig activity in the fourth quarter and are currently running 10 development rigs. Moving to Canada, our production in the fourth quarter was 321,000 barrels per day. Once you adjust for asset sales, that's an underlying increase of about 17% compared to our fourth quarter production last year. The increased production in Canada is coming from our oil sands production ramp-up. For the quarter, we averaged 213,000 barrels per day; this is a new record for us. We've been pleased with the project execution in this segment, and we expect Surmont to continue to ramp-up during the year. As I had mentioned during our Analyst Meeting, we added another 30,000 net acres to our liquids-rich Montney unconventional play in the fourth quarter, and we also had encouraging results from our Montney appraisal program last quarter. If you turn to slide 12 I'll cover Alaska, and Europe and North Africa. In Alaska, our production in the fourth quarter was 187,000 barrels per day. Once you adjust for asset sales, that's essentially flat compared to our fourth quarter production last year. Only a few years ago this segment was in decline, and we've now turned the corner. Alaska continues to be a very productive area for us with access to medium cycle projects with competitive cost of supply. We concluded Phase 1 of Drill Site 2S in the fourth quarter. Drill Site 2S is another example where our experienced Alaska project team delivered ahead of schedule, and under budget. In addition, we recently announced an important and exciting discovery in Alaska. In 2016, we successfully drilled and tested two exploration wells on the Willow discovery in the greater Mooses Tooth Unit with encouraging results. Initial technical estimates indicate the discovery could have recoverable resource potential in excess of 300 million barrels of oil. Appraisal of the discovery commenced in January 2017 with the acquisition of 3-D Seismic. As a follow-up to the discovery, we acquired significant new acreage in the December 2016 lease sale to allow us to follow-up on the discovery. In 2017, we will also continue to progress development of the GMT1 and 1H NEWS projects. In Europe, our production in the fourth quarter was 221,000 barrels per day; that's an underlying increase of 1% compared to our fourth quarter production last year. We've been able to deliver low cost of supply projects that will add production in Europe. We brought Alder on stream in November, and it's continuing to ramp-up. For 2017 we will be continuing to progress Clair Ridge, Aasta Hansteen, and development of the Greater Ekofisk Area. If you turn to slide 13 I'll cover APME and Other International. In APME our production in the fourth quarter was 400,000 barrels per day. Once you adjust for asset sales, that's an underlying increase of 15% compared to our fourth quarter production last year. During the year we've achieved key milestones with first production at Malikai, Bohai wellhead platform J, and APLNG train two, which marked the completion of the six-year megaproject. For 2017 the focus is making sure we reap the full year production benefit of APLNG, KBB and Malikai. We will also be progressing Bayu-Undan infill wells and appraising Barossa as a backfill option for Darwin LNG. Our Other International segment is focused on the exploration and appraisal of unconventional reservoir potential. In 2016 we drilled two exploration wells in Chile. In 2017 we'll continue to focus on exploration and appraisal of both Chile and Colombia. So let's move to slide 14. Our 2017 operating priorities remain unchanged from what we outlined at our Analyst Meeting in November. That's production of flat to 2% growth compared to 2016 production, excluding the full year impact of dispositions in Libya, for $5 billion of capital and $6 billion of adjusted operating costs. We expect first quarter production to be between 1,540 and 1,580 thousand barrels per day, and expect to have our typical profile through the year with second quarter and third quarter turnarounds. We will also continue to implement our more-focused exploration program. And finally, as Ryan mentioned, we're making progress on our planned $5 billion to $8 billion of asset sales. We have active processes underway, and we'll update you throughout the year. So operationally, everything is on track for 2017. And now we'll turn the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning to you guys. The first question I have for you is around the dividend raise. So earlier this week you raised your dividend by 5% to 6%. Is that a good proxy for what we should expect going forward post-2017 as well? And then, Ryan, can you just talk about the buyback program and how you weigh that versus dividend growth on a go-forward basis?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Thanks, Neil. Yeah, certainly a couple of days ago we announced a 6% increase to the dividend, so what we're doing – no, it's driven by the fact that we've reached cash flow neutrality in the company; we're generating free cash flow. What we describe to our investors it was important, our second priority to grow the dividend; felt that was important to do, we'd reached that milestone. As we look at the market, we see some recovery in the market. We continue to, as Al said, operate really well and we'll continue to generate free cash flow as we go forward. So recognizing that priority, we're going to – we'll be growing our dividend, and that's our intention to do that. We're augmenting that right now with share repurchase as we generate the free cash flow, so I kind of view those together. We're going to target our 20% to 30% return to shareholders. I think we're at the upper end of that right now with respect to both the dividend and the share repurchase. We'll balance those two as we go forward. We're going to set the fixed dividend, make sure it's affordable and make sure it's sustainable through the cycles. So that's kind of how we're thinking about the fixed portion of our return to the shareholders combined with the flexible part through share repurchases. By the way, on the share repurchase piece, too, Neil, I'll just remind people we got started in mid-November after the Analyst Meeting, so that represented only kind of a half a quarter in terms of our – the amount we're trying to buy back over the course of the year.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Appreciate that, Ryan. And a follow-up on just the asset sale program, the $5 billion to $8 billion. When do you expect to be able to provide us an update on San Juan which seems to be the one that's most progressed? And can you just comment on early market appetite for North American natural gas assets?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I think we're seeing a lot of interest. These are pretty high-quality assets, so we expect a lot of interest and in fact we're getting that through the data room right now. We expect to get bids in and have some decisions probably over the next couple of months with respect to San Juan.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning or good afternoon I guess at this point.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Hello, Phil.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: First question, I think you kind of answered it on the buybacks that you're run rating more like, I guess, $250 million per quarter, and with oil probably averaging closer to $55 at this stage relative to the $50 you talked about at the Analyst Day. Just kind of wondering how you think about that excess cash. And you had given an example in one of your slides at the Analyst Day that kind of looked like $2 billion, maybe $3 billion of debt paydown per year into the next few years. Is that a reasonable way to think about this year for debt paydown?
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Phil, I'll jump in on the debt. I think what we said is that if you look at our maturities I think a $1 billion this year and a little more next year that we pay it down as the bonds matured. If we had excess cash flow then we would look at potentially accelerating some of that, and we certainly have a convenient way and efficient way of doing that with our term loan that's due out in 2019. But beyond that we're not providing guidance on what proportion of excess cash flow would we allocate to debt versus buybacks versus investment in the business.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then a second question would just be we've seen a lot of activity out there from an acquisition standpoint, particularly in the Permian, and given your positioning in US shale and your strategic objectives that you've talked about, obviously M&A really isn't on there. So is it fair to assume you're really not looking at those type of opportunities or if something came up with say contiguous acreage that could enhance your position, would you consider it?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well, I mean, as we've said in the past, Phil, we're in the market. We look at all of these. We watch everything that's going on and we give our teams money to core up their acreage in and around their positions. Al described what we did in the fourth quarter up in the Montney. We had a unique opportunity to core up a fairly significant position that was contiguous to our acreage. We've done – we've been doing deals like that in all the big areas that we operate in. So that's nothing new to us. The hurdle rate is quite high in the company; it's got to compete on a cost of supply basis for us. So right now we don't really feel like we have a gap in our portfolio, so we're not out looking to build. We're building some new areas through the exploration channel that we're excited about, but we have a lot of undrilled locations to go drill. On your previous question, I might just add one thing to Don's response, too: follow the priorities. If we get free cash flow, we've already satisfied and grew our dividend. We're going to look to reduce debt on the balance sheet, and we'll look to increase our share ramp-ups from share repurchases if we think that's the right thing to go do.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, everybody.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Doug.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Doug.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Doug.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hi, Doug.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Ryan, the company reported positive free cash flow again this quarter and free cash flow should rise further in 2017 it looks like. And on this point, you guys seem pretty confident that you can make your growth and returns profile despite a level of spending that is historically lower than it was in the past. So my question is what is it in the new reserve and production mix or the spending and financial framework that's so different than what was the case in the past? Because you're spending a fraction of, I mean, what some of your peers are that should support your confidence to deliver in this area?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Thanks, Doug. Yes, it's really the journey that we've bud (27:04) on, getting the major projects up and running and the switch in the portfolio to the shorter cycle, high return, low cost of supply investments that we've got. I remind people that 30% or so of our portfolio doesn't decline for over a decade, and that allows us to reduce the capital burden to maintain and modestly grow the company which is why we feel very confident that we've got that capability to do that at the $5 billion-ish capital level. And then the proof point is exactly as you point out. We grew 3% last year and spent $4.9 billion of capital. So that's why we have confidence. We've exited the deepwaters, so we're not into that piece of it, and we've seen the technology and the innovation pretty apparent in our portfolio. So all of those things come together and it's buried in that deep 18 billion barrels of resource base that we have, and the journey that we've been on over the last couple of years, and we've gotten now to a place where low capital intensity in the company and it can support a very strong returns-focused value proposition like we laid out to investors last November.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And then also strategically, there seems to be a lot more private equity funding in the United States energy sector during this cycle than there has been in past cycles. So my question is how do you view this competitive threat both in terms of competition for resources or oil field services or whatever else you deem meaningful to the topic? And do you think it's significant enough such that it could hold broader implications for your portfolio down the road or is it too early to know?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well I think it's a really good – a good question. We're spending a lot of time and I'd say probably not a little bit of private equity, I mean, a lot of private equity money chasing, certainly, in the Permian right now. And I think as we look at it, for us I guess where our focus and attention is right now is sort of on the re-inflationary pressures that you might see, and just make sure we've got a myopic focus on holding our margins and making sure that we keep everything. As I said, we're not going to chase prices up and down as the prices rise if we see a lot of inflationary pressures, which some of this activity and the PE guys are kind of driving right now, we'll spend really – pay really close attention to that. We don't have to chase it up and chase growth down. We've got a portfolio that we can make sure we do it right and make sure we're focused on margins and returns. But it is – we've got a close eye on it. We're wondering, we're watching the activity in the rig rates, and it's interesting. We're not sure what they're selling.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alastair Syme of Citi. Please go ahead.
Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Thanks very much. Hello, everyone. Can I just ask about the new U.S. administration, how that influences your thinking and particularly maybe your view around the Canadian heavy oil position?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well I think it's a little early to tell. We certainly hope the new administration, at least in terms of what they've talked about, is going to give us a little bit of regulatory relief, which is we think is good. There are some things that the last administration were proclamating that were a bit worrisome on sort of how it might slow the business down, both on the regulatory side and on the infrastructure side. We've seen President Trump make his decisions on DAPL and on Keystone, so hopefully some of that infrastructure will get moving that's needed to be there. I think a lot of uncertainty on the Border Adjustment Tax and its potential impact on how crude and other products move across the border, whether it's south of Mexico or some of the crude that moves down from Canada into the U.S. I think there's a little bit to be seen yet what that means. Does it get exempted or how are the details of that going to unfold? We're watching it closely, but I think it's a little bit too early to tell on that last piece.
Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Thank you. Then my follow-up is just in terms of Doug's question on sort of the capital coming into North America. I mean, given your perspective and looking across the industry, is the pace of the restart in the U.S. surprising you?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I guess it surprised us a bit to the upside. But in the heart of these unconventional plays, the cost of supplies come down. So – and we're still getting more efficient, and the technology and the innovation is still improving. So, yeah, there's maybe some pace at which people are coming back is a bit surprising, but the idea is not surprising in terms of the overall macro. The growers are protecting their multiple, so they trade on multiples of cash flow. So they've got to get on and run hard.
Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: That's great perspective. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Edward Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yes. Good morning, and congrats on the cash and discipline, and you've sort of clearly said that your priorities aren't really going to change. But I guess you've got a couple of assets which possibly could benefit from higher activity, particularly thinking the Delaware, the Red Hills and China Draw have seen some very good well results in the industry there. So maybe just talk a little bit about what are the gating factors if you just decide to go a little bit faster in that shale portfolio?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, we just – Edward, if I just kind of summarize where we are in our Lower 48 activity. Remember on the last call I told you that we were still at three rigs at that point in time, but we were planning a ramp to eight by the end of the year, and be four and four in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. And then we would start adding rigs in the Permian in early 2017, and that is what's happened; we did end the year at eight with four and four. And since the beginning of this year we've added an additional rig in the Eagle Ford, so we're up to five there, and we've added one rig in the Delaware at China Draw. We have a second Permian rig that'll be coming on in the next week or two that'll then take us to 11, and then we'll have additional activity with another rig in the Permian that may also have part of the year in the Niobrara as well. And we also plan to do some drilling in some of our Permian conventional this year. So we'll be in that kind of two to three-rig range in the Permian this year. As we've been adding these rigs, we've been doing what I talked about on the last call of very carefully checking the costs and going out into the market, seeing what kind of rates we can get, and seeing what kind of – how long we can lock for, and that's been one of the things that's driving our pace of moving back into these areas.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Is it fair to say that one of the surprises that might come over the next few years, I mean, obviously we can't predict oil inflation. But just because of the productivity that you're seeing in the Delaware, is that – your production growth may even be slightly above the 2% range for the level of sort of CapEx that you're putting in because of the productivity improvements?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think that's certainly a possibility, that's one of the things that's driven our outperformance over the last couple of years, is that exact sort of thing. I think you've seen some of that across the industry, so it's a little early to predict that one. But we do – given the low number of rigs that we're running through most of last year, we do – we are going to continue to decline in our Lower 48 unconventional out through about the second quarter before we start to turn back up with these rigs that we've added as we get to more of a steady state at higher rigs.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks. Helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Guys, you've still got a number of projects that are ramping up and obviously some start-ups next year, the biggest of which has been train two in Australia. Can you give us some idea what the exit rate, the trajectory is going to look like through 2017 for production?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: The exit rate of...
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No, for the portfolio generally, but I just illustrate there being a APLNG ramp-up. You've also got Gumusut and I guess Kebabangan and a few others. But I'm just trying to get an idea of what the trajectory of production looks like and what the capacity of the portfolio looks like at the end of next year when everything is online.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I think, Doug, you will see our traditional U-shaped production curve where we've got – it's really driven mainly by turnarounds in the second quarter and third quarter that will cause our second quarter to – and third quarter to be lower and back up higher in the fourth quarter. But I think that, that U-shape, I expect by the time we get out to the back end, to the fourth quarter, that we'll be at production levels higher than the first quarter. So it's got that kind of shape to it.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I'll...
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: And the major project momentum is a significant part of that. It will add probably 80,000, 90,000 barrels a day next year in 2017 volumes over 2016 from these various major projects.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So going into 2018, the momentum should be north of 1.6 billion barrels kind of is what I'm getting at? That sound about right?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, it should be in that kind of neighborhood. We'll get to those kind of quarterly projections as we move through the year. And of course, all these numbers are ex-asset sales, ex – don't have the dispositions in there, whatever those may turn out to be. So you got to be careful there with these numbers, but yeah, that's...
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Go on.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: But – yeah, so that is the kind of shape that you'd expect in the curve, that we'd be up in that kind of territory by the time you get to exit of 2017.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: And it's those projects combined with the momentum that comes out of the Lower 48 as we come through our profile, and the rigs that Al mentioned are running in the Lower 48 gives us a strong exit coming out of the year into 2018.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for that.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Again, our full year guidance, Doug, has been 0% to 2% production growth for $5 billion of capital. So that's kind of – you can kind of look at that trajectory and figure out where we exit the year.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. It was kind of a segue I guess into my follow-up, which is on the asset sales. Ryan, I don't know to the extent you will share with us, but $5 billion to $8 billion, what is the, if you could frame for us, the production that goes along with that and more importantly the operating cash flow that goes along with that? And I'll leave that there. Thank you.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. We haven't really talking – it's really highly dependent on the mix of the assets that we ended up selling, Doug. So we haven't provided any guidance specifically on the cash flow and the production. We'll update that as we go through the quarters and tell you exactly what the cash flow and the production impacts are as we sell the assets. But the timing of that, we're trying to move as quickly as we can, and it's really hard for us to sort of forecast right now what order those things might go out in and what the annual – quarterly or annual impact might be depending on the assets we're selling.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Ryan, just for clarity, would it be reasonable to frame it that the asset sales will be accretive to the remaining portfolio unit margins?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Absolutely.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Good afternoon, everybody. On the reserves replacement, I was wondering could you outline to the best extent possible how much of the reserves replacement was associated with long-term projects that started up in the course of 2016? And the reason I'm asking is you're clearly getting to the point through your actual performance where $5 billion a year seems to be easily your stance – standstill CapEx level sort of maintaining volumes. But I was wondering would that imply also quite rapidly or that you wouldn't replace reserves at that level of spend? Further to that, does it matter? Thanks
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. There's two or three parts in there. I'll try and take them, Paul. First of all, as I mentioned earlier in terms of our additions, we had no project FIDs in 2016. It's those FIDs that generate those lumpy reserve adds from major projects. And so, really, that wasn't a factor in 2016. That 81% additions was not – didn't have any drive from major projects. So that's I think the first part of your question.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: It is. Thank you.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. And so it's not that we're not going to have any sort of these medium-sized project FIDs in the future; we will. And I think in years when we have some of those FIDs we'll likely move our way above 100%. If you look at our plan out through the next five years, we average around 100% but it's lumpy as major projects hit FID. But I think you're correct in your thinking that as we move more CapEx to these shorter-cycle unconventionals and you have a year when you don't have FIDs, this is not an unreasonable level to kind of expect to be at. And the second part of your question about does it matter? I mean, my answer to that is no; I think the important thing to really remember here is what Ryan mentioned earlier, the 18 billion barrels of resource base which doesn't change one iota from the things we're doing here on reserves that's got an average cost of supply below $40; that's really what we're busy processing. And then, of course, there's the other 27 billion barrels in our resource base that's above $50 cost of supply that we're busy using new technology, and driving costs down to try to move it below $50, that those are – and our exploration program, those are all feeding that feeder pool and that's what we're drawing off of. It tells you that we're not – despite a number like 81%, we're not getting ready to run out of opportunities to invest in any time many decades out into the future.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. Thanks very much. The follow-up would be is there a new breakeven price given that you've been cash flow-neutral in the second half of 2016 at a somewhat tiny bit lower price than $50 and performance improvements continue? Could we now think about you guys as a $45 in 2018 or can you set some new parameters for yourself? Thanks.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Well, Paul, I think we'll stay with what we've got there. I think in the high 40s is probably the right way to think about our breakeven price going forward. And acknowledge that the fourth quarter cash flow was very strong, and if you annualize it you may come with a higher result – you will come with a higher, stronger cash flow result. But you do have to keep in mind the product mix that we anticipate as we go forward with consolidated volumes at least in the – over the next year declining and being replaced by equity affiliate volumes, and you're kind of in that range at $50 to $55 where distributions are pretty uneven and difficult. So I think we'll stay with where we are on our cash flow breakevens.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Just a very quick update. The $6.5 billion of cash flow you talked about was at what price for what year for long-term guidance?
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: That was, for this year, at $50.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Paul
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Hi, Paul.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Paul.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Or good afternoon. Ryan, just curious that it seems like that volume, now everyone want Permian and not too many people want Eagle Ford and Bakkan. And you mentioned that you have some extra cash you're thinking about to accelerate the debt repayment. But at the same time that I think in business that you want to be countercyclical investment. So on that basis that how internally you contemplate, is it better off to see you have extra cash to look at opportunity to be a consolidator in the Bakken and Eagle Ford given not too many people are interested at this point then accelerating paying the debt? Can you maybe help us to understand how is the thought process behind when you decide one way or the other?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well we'd look at each opportunity individually and then somewhat collectively as well, Paul. So if the guys come up with a good opportunity like we saw the swap that we did up in Canada in the Montney. If we see good opportunities like that in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken we're constantly looking. So the guys are doing 5,000 acres and 10,000 acres or a couple thousand acre trades constantly in our business both in the Permian, in the Bakken and in the Eagle Ford. So if we see an opportunity, absolutely. If it competes on a cost of supply basis and it can mold in and not just be additive to our portfolio but substitutive in our portfolio, we'll absolutely take a look at it. We're not letting those go, but we judge that against our progress towards making sure our debts are coming down on the balance sheet and make sure that we're giving an appropriate amount back to the shareholders. So we are putting all of those few things into the bucket and trying to make those assessments as we go through the course of the year.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: This may be for Al or maybe for, Ryan, you also. The cost environment that you guys have talked about, can you give us some idea there and update where you see the cost pressures start to picking up or that even some sign that you start to have evidence saying that it may be picking up very soon. Some idea on that. And also to Al, along the way, since I always ask that question, maybe you can give us the number for the shale oil production by play? Thank you.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. I'll start with the cost question. I would say so far – from what we've seen so far this year we would expect our 2017 cost levels to be broadly in line with 2016. On the call last quarter, in response to a similar question, I told everybody that we really hadn't seen any request for cost increase yet and I can't say that this quarter. I mean, we are starting to see some request for increase, some cost pressure in the Lower 48 in the last month or two as you've kind of seen the whole industry talking about. But in our particular case, there's three offsets to that, that you just think about in terms of how you think about how it's going to impact ConocoPhillips. One is that our international costs are still coming down. So if you look at our Lower 48 unconventional drilling, it's on the order of $1.5 billion out of the $5 billion that we're spending. So, really, when we talk about some of the pressure we're seeing, it's just against that slice of our $5 billion, that $1.5 billion. That's the first point. And that's being offset by still seeing some things coming down in the other parts to our business internationally. Then – and so that's the second piece, is that international offset. And then the third piece is that we have, as you heard me talk about before, done some locking of cost levels, and so we're benefiting from that as we go through 2017. We've got cost locks on various contracts that are on the order of over a year or less that will kind of slow down how we see some of this inflation as we go through 2017. So overall, with what we've seen so far, I think we're kind of broadly in line in 2017 with where we were in 2016.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Al, can you give us which particular portal or service that you are seeing the cost increase request?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I would say in the Lower 48 unconventional space, so rigs and pressure pump and then cement and all those sorts of things, where as Ryan said earlier there's been a pretty – I mean, the pace that things are being put back to work is nothing like the pace that they came off in the last few years, but it's been steady. And particularly in the hotter areas, places like the Permian, things where – places where the excess equipment and crews have been taken up, that's where you obviously start to see some price pressure. So it's been a mix kind of across the board and some of it is geographic depending on how much is available in a given area. Then let me answer your other part on doing our fourth quarter volumes. So Eagle Ford came in at 143,000 barrels per day, Bakken and at 53,000 barrels per day, and Permian at 18,000 barrels per day. And the total, there's some other smaller pieces so our total L48 unconventional is 226,000 barrels per day for the quarter. I should mention that in those numbers we had a weather impact of about 8,000 barrels that was unusual winter weather impact across the fourth quarter. So when I think about those numbers – when I look back at what our projections were for the fourth quarter, we're actually spot on what we expected from our Lower 48 unconventional, except that we were down 8,000 barrels from where we would've projected, and that was really weather-driven.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Hey, folks. Good morning. I had two questions for you. One is on deferred tax and one is on Libya. Maybe if I could start on Libya. Can you quantify what the earnings contribution was in the quarter and whether you're actually producing in 1Q? And then if we're kind of at a sustained run rate here when that's back online, does that change your capital outlook whatsoever?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: So on Libya, you would've seen in our numbers that we actually averaged 9,000 barrels a day net in the fourth quarter. If you look at our January numbers, we're producing more like – it's grown to about 12,000 barrels a day. So that's over 80,000 barrels a day gross now coming from Waha. I also said on the last call that we were having a lot of difficulties with damage at the tank farm and the loading port at Al-Sider. With the kind of production we were having, we might be able to get a first cargo before the end of the year. That that did not happen with the time it took to get everything repaired there. We have now loaded three cargoes just in January from Al-Sider, so as this production has picked up we've been able to load three cargoes. And that's an advantage for us because during those years when we didn't have any production we did establish a tax loss carryforward. And so now as we're picking these cargoes up, we're getting that cash flow back. So that's a benefit to us here in the quarter
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: I could also add that we don't know what the future of stability of Libya is going to be that's why we always exclude it from our results, and so forth, or segment it. But if Libya were to continue as it is now without interruption, then that could generate between $150 million and $200 million of cash flow that's not included in the cash flow estimates or sensitivities that we have
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: And I forgot, Blake, I forgot to answer your question about CapEx pressure from Libya. If you look at what's going on there now, there's a lot of work just kind of in repair mode. You think about fields like North Gialo that were kind of the next medium cycle project we might do there; it's still way off. Things are not organized in country, and I don't think will be this year, to begin to spend any significant CapEx on things like that. I think it's going to be mainly basic blocking and tackling this year just trying to, in repair mode, trying to keep what we've already got online flowing.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And then really the deferred tax. I'll just be brief here. Don, I think you mentioned $50 a barrel should equate to about $6.5 billion of cash flow. I noticed deferred tax is still a negative drain as Lower 48 has negative net income. When that reverses I guess I'm wondering does that cash flow sensitivity that you guys provide, should we be thinking of applying that plus maybe some additional benefit from deferred tax once you hit say $60 a barrel or so?
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Blake, you should be – those sensitivities should be good. I think we qualified them that they were sensitivities for 2017, and they were within a specific range of oil prices of $50 to $60. So once you get above $60 then we'll probably give you some different guidance that's going to be driven by the deferred tax.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Roger.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Roger.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, I guess coming back to kind of the cash flow and the production commentary earlier, the lost 8,000 barrels in the U.S. and the cash flow was good in the fourth quarter. Was there anything in the cash flow or as we think about maybe over the second half of 2016 that you would call out as was either helped or hurt by circumstances? I don't know, I'm just trying to think about it again relative to the guidance given, and whether we should think of it as there really isn't much play or there have been some one-time items both favorable and unfavorable.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Roger, the cash flow in the fourth quarter I consider really clean. We always look at our underlying cash flow that we don't publish, but what's the business – how's the business really performing, and that CFO ex-working capital, $1.75 billion, almost identically matched our own internal view of what the underlying business was. I'll mention the only add to that was really the realizations were a little higher than we would've expected driven by tighter basis differentials pretty much across the board. So what that means is that our cash flow sensitivities have embedded our own assumptions about product differentials, and the realizations that we're getting are reflecting improvements over our assumptions. So we're not changing our views of those differentials that are embedded in the cash flows, but as we go forward that provides a bit of upside to the cash flow potentially.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then as we think about what's going on with the reserves, and obviously things could get rebooked, but I don't know this question is for Ryan or for Al, but what's the right way to think about kind of a reserve production ratio that you would either be comfortable with or want to target? Or is that just something that falls out relative to all the other factors that you're managing?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think we've said it repeatedly at our Analyst Meeting stuff. Our R/P had been running 14 to 15 or so. We've been willing to let that drift down, and that's a consequence, as Al talked about, as we move more investment to the shorter-cycle investments. So I think we'll let that drift down a little bit, but it probably doesn't fall off the cliff or anything because, as Al said, we've got a lot of resources, and as we look forward in our plans over the next five years or so we actually average about 100% reserve replacement. So R/P will drift down a little bit and then it'll flatten out naturally.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And would we expect much of an impact on reserves with the planned asset sales?
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well, yes. I mean, there will be – commensurate with the – like San Juan Basin. We've got reserves booked against that asset. So, yeah, as we see the assets and the disposal process work forward, we'll see the rate and reserve impacts from those as well.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And I guess I can't get you to give me a number there? I'm just kidding, of course. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. A couple of quick ones. First, Al, you commented obviously there was a pretty good opportunity for you to bolt up in the Montney. Could you just give us a sense of what the plans are up there in 2017 and do you all think that that can compete with some of the other stuff you've got going on in Lower 48?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I mean, I guess, I would characterize the Montney at this point as we're still in appraisal mode. We've been quite impressed by our latest batch of wells and what they've done and the liquids mix that we've gotten from those. And so I would say that we've seen enough up there to see that we've got something that looks like it could compete in our portfolio. And so we're going to continue with that appraisal work, make sure we know what we have. One thing we haven't mentioned is part of that, some of that work that we did to pick up that acreage, we also did pick up some gas plant capacity, and that's given us a little bit more infrastructure, allowed us to – some of these wells, frankly, that we brought on have flowed strong enough that we need a little more capacity to be able to just handle the offtake. So we're – I would say that it's come on better than we might've expected, and now we're continuing to press forward with our appraisal plan, and that will drive us to figuring out what pace we want to put in infrastructure and develop that asset out. But I expect that over time you'll see that it looks like something that could compete in our portfolio along with – even against the Lower 48.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. So certainly it sounds like an 2018 thing if things work out. In Alaska, you talked about the discovery in the Greater Willow area, and obviously bolting on some acreage up there as well. Could you guys give us a sense of how that would play out? Like when could we see the potential impact of some of these obviously high-returning conventional projects like that?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I think, Willow is a very interesting discovery for us in the Greater Mooses Tooth area, out west of Alpine. We not only have that discovery but we were also able in both the state and federal lease sales in December to pick up another 750,000 acres gross; we're 78% across all this acreage in our ownership. And so we, really, we've stood up a team up there in Alaska to really do the work, the development planning work, to figure out what's the most optimum way to develop this new discovery. You could see it being on the order of 100,000 barrel a day kind of production rate that would be supported by just what we've discovered so far. So we need to think hard about how we move forward around infrastructure, et cetera. It's tough to predict timing because, as you know, the regulatory up there, dealing with the federal government has been pretty uncertain in the past on our other step-out projects. But I would say the earliest you could imagine bringing on a new round of things like Willow that we just discovered to be out in the 2023 kind of timeframe.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Understood. Thanks a lot.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Christine, this is Ellen. We'll take one more call, just to be respectful of the time here – or one more question, excuse me.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Thanks for squeaking me in here at the end, guys. A couple of quick ones, the first on costs. I mean your CapEx came in quite a bit lower in the quarter, which kind of continued a trend of doing that all throughout 2016. Can you talk a little bit about what drove the beat on CapEx? Was it efficiency gains or deferrals activity? And does it have any implications? I know that you're – I know that the $5 billion number for 2017 is the base case at this point. I mean, is that – does it put some downside risk potential on that number or does – is that offset by the things? And then I have one follow-up.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. You're right. Every quarter, it seems like our operating groups have been getting more and more efficient and surprising us with lower costs that's happened on both the capital cost side and the operating cost side because you've noticed we've been lowering that number all as we went through the year; now we've projected an even lower number there for 2017. But the – as you look at what generated this latest beat of $300 million, basically we had said $5.2 billion in our guidance and came in at $4.9 billion. About 80% of that under spend is outside the Lower 48. So it's consistent with some of the comments I was making earlier about where we're starting to see a little inflation and where we're still getting more deflation. So we had lower costs in Indonesia, Malaysia, Norway, UK, Alaska; and we also had lower cash calls from APLNG which were driven by just the higher price environment that we had in the fourth quarter. So it really was not a slippage or deferral kind of thing but really continuing to drive down costs that drove that. We were able to do that, still grow the 3% production as Ryan talked about earlier, and still leave us very well-positioned on volumes coming into 2017. So I think we're in good shape there; it's not like there's been anything that we – there was no change in scope that really drove that. As far as how that goes into 2017, I just rely back on the comments I made earlier about what we're seeing in inflation so far. At this point, I think that we expect the overall cost environment to be similar enough to last year that we should be able to execute the plans we have in mind in these kind of – this kind of range of prices, in the $5 billion range again next – this year.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And then maybe a quick one. I appreciate the granularity you gave us on maybe some of the near-term trajectory in the U.S. on conventional volumes. But if we think about you ramping the rig program up to that 11 or 12 rigs over the course of this year and if you were to stabilize at that level, I mean, what would that mean for – what would that type of activity mean for the medium-term trajectory in the U.S. onshore? Is that flattish production? Is that kind on a single-digit growth, low double-digit growth? Anything that kind of...
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So let me kind of paint a picture for you there to give you an idea of how that looks. As I said before, I think we'll probably hit the low point in the Lower 48 unconventional in the second quarter. If you look at where we'll end up, if you look at 2017 versus 2016 Lower 48 unconventional volumes, I actually expect we'll still be down between 5% and 10% year-to-year. We were down 5% in 2016 versus 2015. But if you look fourth quarter-to-fourth quarter, 4Q 2017 versus 4Q 2016, I expect we'll be up 5% to 10% in the fourth quarter versus the prior fourth quarter. But even that doesn't really reflect this rig rate. If I reference you back to our Analyst Meeting, we gave you that handy-dandy decoder ring – Ellen tells me it's slide 55 in case you want to check – but if you look on there – If you look on there at 11 rigs we'll average, actually, a little less than 11 rigs this year. But of course you have to get to steady state on the rigs, which we're certainly not at yet before you get the kind of things that are on that slide 55. But 11 rigs gives you between 10% and 15% compound annual growth rate in our Lower 48, in our big three, from the low point this year. So once we get to a steady state, assuming we do with that kind of rig level, that's what you should expect from us, is in the kind of 10% to 15% annual growth in our big three areas at these kind of rig rates.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Very helpful.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Ryan, and I'll go ahead and wrap things up here. By all means, if there are any additional questions feel free to ring into IR. Christine, thanks for moderating for us, and thanks to all of our participants. I appreciate your time and interest.
Operator: Thank you, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America / Merrill Lynch Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd. Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2016 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Christine. Hello to everyone and welcome to the third quarter call. With me today are Don Wallette, our EVP of Finance, Commercial and our Chief Financial Officer; and Al Hirshberg, our EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects. Our cautionary statement is shown on page two of today's presentation. We will make some forward-looking statements during today's call that refers to estimates and plans. Actual results could differ due to the factors noted on this slide and in our periodic SEC filings. We may also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today. These help facilitate comparisons across periods and with our peers. For any non-GAAP measures that we use, we provided a reconciliation to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure, that can also be found on our website. One final note before we jump in, as most of you know, ConocoPhillips will hold our Analyst and Investor Meeting on November 10 – that's just around the corner. At that time we'll provide an update on our strategy and our 2017 operating plan. So we will not be addressing those topics on today's call. And then as always, during Q&A if you would, please limit your questions to one and a follow-up. And now I'll turn the call over to Don.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Ellen. I'll start by covering a few highlights from the third quarter and Al will close with more on our operational results and what to watch for through the remainder of the year. I'll begin on slide four with a summary of the third quarter. We had a strong operational quarter, and again exceeded the high end of our production guidance range, delivering 4% underlying production growth year-over-year. We safely completed an active turnaround season and achieved a major milestone with the startup of Train 2 at APLNG. Financially, we had an adjusted net loss of $826 million. We generated $1.23 billion of operating cash flow excluding working capital. It's notable that during the third quarter, operating cash flows covered capital spending and dividends. Cash flow in the quarter was also negatively impacted by about $230 million from special items related to rig termination cost and severance expenses. So if you take the clean number and adjust it to today's prices of about $50 a barrel, then on an annualized basis, that would be about $6.5 billion of operating cash flow, which is about what we would expect. Again, sufficient to cover sustaining capital and dividends. Looking at operating cost, we continued to drive cost down and achieved an 18% reduction in adjusted operating cost compared to the third quarter of 2015. Most of these reductions are structural and continued to lower the overall breakeven price of our business. With respect to strategic objectives in July, we entered into an agreement for the sale of our three exploration blocks offshore Senegal, which is part of our ongoing exit from deepwater exploration. We also reached agreement on the sale of our Block B assets in Indonesia. We expect both of these sales to close before the end of the year. Earlier this month, we retired $1.25 billion of maturing debt and expect to end the year with debt a little over $27 billion. I'll go through our third quarter financial results on slide five. While we operated well this quarter, low commodity prices continued to impact financial results. For the quarter, with an average realized price just under $30 per barrel, we reported an adjusted loss of $826 million or $0.66 per share. Year-over-year, adjusted earnings decreased as the result of a 9% drop in realized prices and lower equity affiliate earnings. Sequentially, adjusted earnings benefited from a 7% improvement in realized prices, mainly driven by improved North America natural gas prices, as well as higher contract LNG prices. Third quarter adjusted earnings by segment are shown in the lower right side of the slide and are roughly in line with expectations. The supplemental data on our website provides additional financial detail. I'll cover production on slide six. Last year's third quarter volumes were 1,554 MBOE per day or 1,484 MBOE a day when adjusted for dispositions. Adjusting for the impact of less downtime, production increased by 56 MBOE a day, representing 4% year-over-year growth. That increase came primarily from higher volumes at APLNG and in the Canadian Oil Sands. Those increases were partially offset by a 28,000 BOE per day decrease in natural gas, primarily in North America, bringing us to the 1,557 MBOED for the third quarter. Al will provide more color on third quarter operating performance. If you turn to slide seven, I'll cover year-to-date cash flow. We started the year with $2.4 billion in cash. Year-to-date we've generated $3.1 billion from operating activities excluding operating working capital. Total working capital has been a use of cash of $600 million. Proceeds from asset sales have generated $400 million, debt has increased by $3.8 billion but this number will decrease for the full year once we include the $1.25 billion repayment we made in October. Capital spending year-to-date has been $3.9 billion and after dividend payments of around $900 million, we ended September with $4.3 billion in cash and short-term investments. So financially we are very well-positioned. We've made good progress on driving the business to cash flow neutrality and on improving our balance sheet since the first quarter. I look forward to providing more detail on our financial plans next month in New York. Now, I'll turn it over to Al to take you through our operational performance.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Don. I'll provide a brief overview of our third quarter operating highlights starting on slide nine. Then I'll provide some additional thoughts for the rest of the year, including updated guidance for capital and adjusted operating costs. Third quarter production averaged 1,557 MBOED, which exceeded the high end of guidance. The beat was driven by better-than-expected performance in Canada, Norway, lower 48 unconventionals and Malaysia. We completed some significant turnaround activities in Alaska and Europe during the quarter, which brings an end to our major turnarounds for the year. We continue to see some production resiliency in the lower 48 unconventionals despite the fact that we've been running only three rigs for the majority of the year, although we do expect more decline in the fourth quarter. Now that APLNG Train 2 has started up, the major project capital roll off that we have been experiencing is essentially complete. So we've been working to shift more of our capital spending to the lower 48 unconventionals. We've already been able to secure drilling rigs and pressure pumping crews at attractive rates to maintain our low cost of supply, so we expect this incremental drilling work to start ramping in November. This work will have no impact on 2016 volumes but will give us a head start on our 2017 production. In Canada, Surmont fully recovered from the impact of the wildfires earlier this year and achieved a milestone of more than 100,000 barrels a day of gross production in mid-October. We're on track to exit this year at over 110,000 barrels a day gross as we continue to increase toward our 150,000 barrels a day gross capacity. In Australia, we achieved first production from Train 2 at APLNG in September, and have again experienced a very smooth startup, which allowed us to begin delivering cargoes with Train 2 LNG in early October. We also have several conventional projects underway across the portfolio that are expected to come on production over the next couple of years. Alder and Clair Ridge in the UK, Aasta Hansteen in Norway, Malikai in Malaysia, and additional phases at Bohai in China as well as GMT1 and 1H NEWS in Alaska. So moving to slide 10, I'll provide an update of our 2016 full-year guidance. For the second quarter in a row, we've hit the trifecta. We increased production guidance based on robust production year-to-date while at the same time lowering both capital and adjusted operating cost guidance. We're driving strong execution and are focused on improving every aspect of our business. And we're not done with our improvements, there's more to come. We've revised full-year production guidance to a range of $1,560 MBOED to 1,570 MBOED, that's up 10,000 barrels a day from prior guidance at the midpoint, reflecting our strong third quarter performance. Fourth quarter production guidance is 1,555 MBOED to 1,595 MBOED. We're lowering our capital guidance by $300 million from $5.5 billion to $5.2 billion. Even though we're beginning to add rigs in the lower 48 as I just mentioned. Our efforts to reduce operating cost across the business are also succeeding. We're lowering our adjusted operating cost guidance by $200 million from $6.8 billion to $6.6 billion. As you can tell, we're continuing to improve the company's breakeven price and deliver strong momentum going into 2017. So that was a very, very quick recap of the third quarter. We look toward to giving you a deep dive of our portfolio and providing our 2017 operating plan at our Analyst and Investor Meeting on November 10. So now I'll turn the call over for Q&A related to the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America / Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, everybody. It's going to be interesting to see how many of us can stay on the quarter but we'll have a go. Okay. So, Al, this year I think you talked about major capital spending being around $1.5 billion. I'm just curious, when we look at the maintenance capital, and obviously that theoretically rolls off next year, is that the kind of level we should be thinking about in terms of what pivots to unconventional spending per your comments in the quarter?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, Doug, nothing's really changed from what I've said about this the last couple quarters. The $1.5 billion was sort of the roll off amount. About $1 billion of that was from some mega projects finishing up and about $0.5 billion was deepwater related. And some of that I've said in the past will roll into some other mid-cycle type projects that are coming up and the rest will tend to roll into lower 48 unconventionals. So I do expect that a fair chunk of that is going to go into lower 48 unconventionals in 2017 and that's what you see us kind of starting now. As that work has rolled off, we've gotten ourselves ready. First, we went out and checked the market to see what kind of pricing we could get on rigs and frac crews. And provided that we still could get attractive rates similar to what we've been getting all year long, we were interested in getting started with that. And that's what we have found and so we've done that.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America / Merrill Lynch: How many rigs are you at right now in the lower 48?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, as of right now we're still at the three rigs that we've been running all year. We have contracts now to add five more, and so I expect that we'll be at eight before the end of the year.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America / Merrill Lynch: That's helpful. My follow-up is for Don, if I may. So, Don, I just want to get clarification on your opening remarks. I'm sure you'll get into this in a couple weeks' time, you did hit cash breakeven in the third quarter. You were pretty close in the second, but you're talking about a $50 oil number in your opening remarks as covering dividends and spending when the target is $45. Can you just close the gap or us?
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, Doug, I mean, if you look back to the third quarter and our reported CFO was about $1.2 billion, then I mentioned the special items. So when we look at sort of the underlying performance of the business, ex recurring items and adjusted for timing effects, reclassifications of liabilities and things like that, we kind of look at it as about $1.5 billion. So that's what we are saying, that we get to – when you adjust it up from $46, which was the marker price for the third quarter, Brent, up to about $50 and you annualize all that, then we're looking about a $6.5 billion type of run rate at a $50 Brent marker.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America / Merrill Lynch: I don't want to labor this point, but I guess why – the target is $45, right, to cover CapEx and dividends? And ex the adjustments you just pointed out, you were at $1.5 billion, why do you – what's the gross up to $50 all about. I don't understand why that is coming into the picture when you're up $1.5 billion in the second and third quarter?
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Yes, I may not be following you fully on that. We were just trying to take the third quarter and adjust it to today's prices, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America / Merrill Lynch: I'll take it offline. We'll get into it in a couple weeks. Thanks a lot, guys, appreciate it.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Okay.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys. Quick question here on asset sales, in the quarter I don't think there was anything particularly notable, but how do you think about the potential for larger scale asset sales in the portfolio, and then how does that compare to the $1 billion to $2 billion that you talked about previously?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, Neil, I mean, you're familiar with our history since the spin, we've been pretty active in managing the portfolio. I think up through 2015 we had generated about $16 billion in asset sales. And then with the falling prices and the soft market, we backed off and said we'd done most of the strategic things we wanted to do and we kind of set sort of a status quo, business as usual goal of maybe $1 billion to $2 billion, in a really weak market, maybe more towards the $1 billion, which is sort of what we've guided toward this year, in a better market, maybe $2 billion. I think as prices recover then we continue to look at the portfolio for opportunities. And so we get a little more interested in asset sales in a recovering market than the one that we've been in the last couple years.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Appreciate that. And then, in terms of the capital spending number, you continue to impress us on this point. It's now down to $5.2 billion, there has been multiple times you've been able to do this while simultaneously raising production. Just in terms of where you've been able to drive that delta, can you kind of comment on the underlying drivers of it and how much of this is related to more cyclical type of deflation as opposed to gains that you can hold on a more sustainable basis?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, Neil, just to recap where we've been, we started out the year with a $6.4 billion CapEx projection and flat volumes and where we are now is down to $5.2 billion, so down $1.2 billion, and about a plus 3% on volumes once you adjust for dispositions. So that shows you how much progress we've made as we've gone through the year. It's been a combination, as you know, of both the structural work that we've been doing, we've had a very rigorous problem ongoing with a lot of concrete steps to drive down our costs. In addition to the more cyclical side of the deflation that we've been able to capture. And so it started strongest in the U.S. and the lower 48 unconventionals but as we progressed through the year and as that has kind of asymptoted a bit, we're getting bigger savings in the later parts of the year in Alaska, Europe and the Far East, the of the world outside the U.S.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's great. Thanks for the color, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, thanks for taking my question here. Just a couple of quick ones in the quarter. And you all had strong performance in 3Q and everything rolls nice into 4Q. Can you give us a sense of what some of that production outperformance was really driven by? Was it better than anticipated turnarounds? Or was it better well performance that you've seen in the unconventionals? And as a sidebar, could you also provide the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian production if you have that as well?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: You're not allowed to ask Paul's question. All right, we'll let you take that one over for this quarter. Well, the first part of your question, the turnarounds were – we had some pluses and minuses, overall quite a successful operationally and came about right about on target. So less than 1,000 barrels a day delta from turnaround actuals versus what we had expected. The increase really has been driven by the lower 48 unconventional, by Canada, the Oil Sands side there, by stronger well performance in Norway and KBB in Malaysia, some better volumes there. Those have been the biggest pieces. A little bit in Alaska, as well with the continuing outperformance from CD5. So it's been – if I had to put a headline across all of that, I would say it's been really well performance and uptime beyond not so much that planned downtime, but our unplanned downtime has been performing better than expected. So uptime has given us a little boost, but primarily just well performance. In terms of the – let me give you the actual numbers on the – first, if you look at the total lower 48 unconventional last quarter, we were at 262 MBOED in the second quarter. Third quarter came in at 259 MBOED, so down 3,000 (sic) 3 million barrels a day. The three big pieces of that, just because we got to get Paul Cheng's fell question in here, Eagle Ford was 171 MBOED in second quarter, it was down 8 MBOED to 163 MBOED. The Bakken went from 64 MBOED in the second quarter to 61 MBOED in the third quarter, down 3 MBOED and then the Permian was an offsetter, it was plus 8 MBOED. The Permian shale went from 13 MBOED to 21 MBOED for a plus 8 MBOED. So that – and everything else was flat, our other unconventional lower 48, so that's why the total added up to minus 3 MBOED. Minus 8 MBOED in the Eagle Ford offset by a plus 8 MBOED in Permian and a minus 3 MBOED in Bakken.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great color. The Permian jump is a bit of surprise. Is that pretty much non-operated stuff? You all haven't been doing any completions there recently, have you?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Actually, it mainly has been operated, actually. We've had some very nice wells there in both our Red Hills and our China Draw area. The timing of our completions and our hookups and our gas plant access have driven some shift there and when some of the volumes have come on into the third quarter.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, okay. Thanks for that color. And then a follow-up question. APLNG, Train 2 is now online, is Train 1 still outperforming, are you seeing similar indications with Train 2 in early days and I'm assuming you're still selling those excess cargoes at spot. Is that correct?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. So Train 2 actually started making LNG in late September, had a very smooth startup as we were able to get to first cargo, I think October 8 was the official date, really been ramping up with no issues there. Train 1 continues to run very well at more than 10% over the nameplate capacity. So where we're headed next there is that we're now, we're focused on the upstream side, on ramping our gas supply to be able to run both trains at full capacity. We're not at that point yet. I expect it will be sometime in the second quarter before we have enough gas supply from the upstream side to be able to run both trains at full tilt. And that's when we'll be looking to do our Train 2 lenders' test. We've completed the lenders' test on Train 1. Train 2, tentatively thinking around May or so that we'd be in a position to run that test. Just to give you an idea, year-to-date, we've now shipped over 50 cargoes from APLNG.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good afternoon. Just following up on the lower 48 commentary, the five additional rigs, where do you expect those to go, and then generally I guess, how are you thinking about the exit rate on production and what the rig additions could mean for 2017?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I mean, this is, of course, using this roll off CapEx to move to lower 48 unconventional in 2017 is not a change in plan for us. This timing, taking advantage of today's rates to get started a little earlier in 2016 is a little bit of a shift, but where we're – we are adding in the Eagle Ford and in the Bakken. So we have the three rigs, there's been two in Eagle Ford, one in Bakken. We're going to add three rigs in the Bakken and two rigs in the Eagle Ford, so that we'll be four rigs and four rigs. So that eight rigs that I mentioned earlier we expected to be at at the end of the year will be four rigs in the Bakken, four rigs in the Eagle Ford. We will be looking to add rigs in our Permian acreage in 2017, but that's not part of this late 2016 effort. In the Bakken, we've been fairly steady there on our progress in terms of recoveries and cost, but recently we've put a new completion design into place that we're going to talk more about at our Investor Day. And so we're really pretty excited. That's part of why we're eager to get some rigs back to work in the Bakken. In the Eagle Ford, if you look at our cost of supply there, we've got such a huge segment that's got down in below $25 fully burdened cost supply, single well cost supply in the mid-teens, and so who wouldn't want to go run more rigs there in the Eagle Ford? And so that's where we've got those extra rigs allocated, in those two places right now.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Okay, and any and thoughts on the impact this could have on production for next year relative to where the exit rate might be?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I mean, it's not going to change the exit rate in 2016. We won't get any volumes from these five extra rigs in 2016, but it just fits in with our plan for 2017. We're going to talk more about that at our Investor Day here in a couple of weeks, and we'll show you quite a bit more detail around how we expect all that to come out. I'll save that for then.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes, good morning. And congrats on cash and just on the CapEx inflation-deflation debate again, 20% of your CapEx I think in Q3 was really in the lower 48 and obviously there's still projects in the international side but costs are sort of still coming down as you said in the international area. So maybe just – maybe a sense of how much further deflation you think is possible on that chunk of underlying project sort of CapEx that you guys have?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: We, if we look just that deflation now, not talking about some of our other efforts to drive down cost, but just the – we have a pretty rigorous tracking system for trying to keep track of the structural and the cyclical and look at the deflation side. We achieved about $1 billion of savings, that's CapEx and OpEx, from deflation last year versus 2014. And we're on track in 2016 to get almost another $1 billion in 2016 versus 2015 of deflation savings. And even though there has been some shift geographically, if you look at how we've been capturing that, we look at it every month. It's been fairly ratable across the year, there's just been some shifting in geography.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then as you think about allocating rigs to North America, as everyone else is starting to do, I mean, what type of inflation assumptions do you think it's prudent for investors to think about?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, I mean, as I hinted at a minute ago, so far we have not seen any increases in cost in these rigs or pressure pumping crews as we've gone back and that's part of what's driven us to move ahead. I think we have a ways to go where we'll be in that situation. We're also helped somewhat by the fact that we're, as I said earlier, focused on places like the Eagle Ford where a lot of the other folks have left and the rigs are down 85% from where they were, and everybody is busy flogging the Permian. And so that actually makes it easier to continue to get good logistics and infrastructure costs and net backs and contracts in the Eagle Ford. So we do assume in our plans that there will be some reflation as we move over the next couple of years if prices improve. But we haven't seen any of that so far.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe if I could follow up on one on the CapEx, your run rate on CapEx during the second half of 2016 has been impressive, running probably at an annualized rate of around $4.5 billion a year, certainly below the kind of the $5 billion plus number that you've suggested in the past as sustaining CapEx. Has there been any change in your expectations for sustaining CapEx as we look going forward? Or is this just a sign as I guess the 4Q budget is a little bit of an indication of acceleration in capital as we head into 2017?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, we'll talk about this more at the Analyst Day, but the fact is that our stay-flat run rate has continued to come down. Every time we look at it in detail again, we find a lower number. If you look at our run rate through three quarters of CapEx this year it's at $3.9 billion and the $5.2 billion is exactly ratable with that, that we're projecting. I just want to be clear about one thing so that nobody gets the wrong impression. When we talk about adding these five rigs back and rotating some of this major project and deepwater CapEx over to the unconventional, I don't want anyone to get the wrong impression that that hints in any way at an increase in CapEx for us next year versus this year. That's certainly not what we have in mind, and we're going to – you'll see a plan at our Investor Day that continues to show strong discipline in the way that we're spending our capital.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And then maybe one follow-up on the quarter. Any color on the resilient performance of the U.S. onshore volumes? Is that just lower than expected declines? Or have you adjusted completions and that's driving improved productivity? Anything you can share there?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. It really is as we continue to use our latest technology, latest things we've learned from our stimulated rock volume work – I'm going to show you some of that at the Investor Day. We continue to get better recoveries and better production for longer from these wells. So it's all about well performance and better IPs and slower declines than what we had put into our plans back when we set up the budget a year ago.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Good morning.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Well, I'll do you the favor of sticking to kind of Q3-Q4 things and save all the fun for two weeks. Don, I'd like to ask you as we think about cash flow and the impacts of deferred taxes going against you, at what point given sort of a flat CapEx outlook for next year at a minimum it sounds like, should we expect that to come back around and be a favorable tailwind instead of a headwind?
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think it's going to be a while, Roger. I mean it's going depend on prices. And between – if you think about prices between $50 and $60, you've got a number of operating areas, tax jurisdictions that are flipping back and forth between tax paying and not tax paying position. So if prices were to stay about where they are or in that $50 to $60 range, I don't think you're going to see a substantial change. So I think the guidance we've given on trying to estimate cash flow is probably legitimate, still within that range, and that is to take the earnings sensitivities that we've given you and gross them up for the effective tax rate, put it on a pre-tax basis. It's going to be a while as I mentioned before, I think, in North America and the U.S. and Canada before we move into a tax paying position. So I would take those earning sensitivities and divide by, say, 0.65. And that's going to keep you pretty close within that price range that I mentioned.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess the other main thing, and you've covered this to some degree with adding the rigs, but what should we think about in terms of the lower 48 CapEx? Clearly, $1.75 billion here in the third quarter going up and adding the rigs, but does – the number we see in Q4 probably a pretty good run rate? Or as you mentioned, if you do add some rigs in other regions like the Permian, it's more of a steady increase? And I kind of apologize for saying I'm not going to ask about 2017, but I'm just generally trying understand as we think about $5.2 billion this year and next, kind of regionally how we should think about that?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. Okay. You did violate your own rule there. But we will get into that, Roger, in a couple weeks. But as I've already said, we are going to be rolling more into the Lower 48 unconventional. So without talking about the absolute amount, there is going to be a continued shift beyond what we're just doing here at the end of the year into the Lower 48 unconventional. And there's going to be plenty of room to do that without having to increase CapEx. And that follows the plan that we've been really talking about all year with the CapEx roll off.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good afternoon...
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Morning, Paul. So now what are you going to do when they've already asked your question for you?
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Excellent. So I ask other things. Two questions, actually. Al, when you negotiate the contract, the five rigs, have you been able to get, say a fixed rate for the next two years or three years? Is that kind of, the option is available that you can lock in for a longer period of time at this point to take advantage of the low price?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Paul, we did explore that with a lot of our different business partners that we work with looking at who might be willing to do that. And we have been able to get some lock in, but nothing like two years to three years. If – most of the suppliers we were – all the suppliers we were talking with, if you wanted a lock for that period of time, they wanted a much higher price to start with. So they were willing to lock but it had to be at much higher rate...
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: ...because of their perception that prices will be that much higher over that timeframe. So we weren't able to get those kind of locks. We were able to lock for shorter periods.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And with the five additional rigs, you're at eight. I think in the past you guys are talking about to keep production flat you need about somewhere in the six rigs to seven rigs. Is that still the kind of number or that I got it wrong, the number?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. No, I don't think that's the number we've talked about in the past. When we first started quoting that number a few years ago, it was in the 15 rigs to 16 rigs range. Earlier this year we talked about 12 rigs to 13 rigs. And, yeah, the eight rigs number you're thinking of may have been just for Eagle Ford alone. I'm really talking about for the L 48 unconventional.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, so...
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: We are going to show you a graph on that at the Analyst Day that really lays out what kind of – for our total L 48 unconventional how many rigs it will take to stay flat, and what kind of growth rates do you get as you add rigs back? So I've got a whole chart to kind of address that coming up here in a few weeks. But suffice it to say that that number has continued to come down.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. But eight rigs will not keep you flat, yeah?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, we'll see. I'll let you interpolate that off the graph in a couple weeks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Hey, folks. Good morning.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Blake.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Just using the midpoint of your production guidance, it looks like we're looking for a decent ramp into 4Q. Al, I know you said lower 48 would probably continue declining so I just want to make sure kind of regionally we have our model calibrated correctly. I think you referenced some turnarounds coming off from Alaska and Europe. So is it fair to think that that's really part of the drivers in addition to your ongoing ramp in like Canada and APLNG?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. I mean, you just hit it all the key pieces really. It's the absence of those turnarounds and the continued ramp on the big projects at APLNG and Surmont and some FCCL as well as Malaysia.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay. Got it. And then if I could, Don, I wanted to go back to Roger's question, back on the deferred tax. If I'm understanding correctly, the numbers you were using, $6.5 billion, it sounds like that does not contemplate any kind of reversal of the deferred tax. So I guess is it fair to think that your cash flow sensitivities potentially have upside longer-term as the portfolio moves to more of a breakeven posture?
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Yes. Beyond $60, I think that would be right, Blake.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay. Great. All right. Thank you.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Good afternoon. Al, I think it's come -
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Paul.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey how are you doing? It's come across quite clearly that this is a change in rig count that essentially is a sustaining change, that is to say where you've been growing you're not adding rigs, but you are in the areas where you've been declining. And at the same time, I assume that the cost of these rigs is essentially baked in to firstly your lower guidance for this year but also the idea that you're going to hold flat for next year?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. That's right. I mean, I don't know about the whole flat for next year. I think that's a number we'll talk about in a few weeks. I suspect it might even creep down some more. But, yeah, that is built in. The additional – the $300 million savings, getting down to $5.2 billion on our CapEx guidance for this year includes those costs, although because they're coming on fairly late in the year, it's not a – it's $100 million to $150 million of additional CapEx from those five rigs coming in late in the year for 2016. But we've got...
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: With all the roll off, there's plenty of room to increase rigs in the lower 48 unconventional without any kind of CapEx increases in 2017. And that leaves us in very good shape to be able to hold our production volumes.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. And just to be clear on what you just said when you talk about drifting lower, what you mean is CapEx may yet still drift lower next year?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. You said something about holding CapEx flat.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: No. No.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I wasn't necessarily agreeing with that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Gammel of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Yes. Thanks very much. I just wanted to ask about the Canadian operations. Clearly the production has been holding in very well, but realizations in bitumen prices have been quite low. So I was hoping you could address what type of cash margin that you're actually generating from those businesses in the current price environment?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. I mean, at the current environment – in the environment we've been in this year, we've been moving back and forth between negative to positive on the cash margin. So we're just breaking into kind of positive territory at these kind of prices.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Okay. Great. And then maybe if I could just clarify on some of the earlier comments on the Permian drilling, I might have misunderstood this, but I thought you said that the improvement that you were seeing in the Permian production was coming from your operated activity. I might have misunderstood that, but you don't have any rigs running there right now and you're really not contemplating on adding any, I'm just trying to square where you're getting the production growth?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. It's – I mean, there might be some amount of non-operated, but it is dominated by operated. And all I was saying, it's just a matter of timing. There were some wells that were drilled previously that even though you're not running rigs there, you've still got things that are being hooked up. We had issues with a third-party gas plant that was down for a while. So as it came back up, we were able to get gas plant access. So it was that kind of – it's timing of completions, hookup and gas plant access that really allowed those previously drilled wells to come on production and gave us that plus 8 MBOED quarter-to-quarter.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Great. That's helpful. That squares it.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Hi, everybody.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Hey, Doug.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Hi, Doug.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: First, bravo to Al on his disciplined capital allocation point. I like that one. And then second, I wanted to ask another cost question but from somewhat of a different perspective than we talked about so far. Specifically, while it seems that well performance and efficiency gains are going to end up being structural benefits, it also seems that high grading and operational drilling and completion costs are going to be cyclical. And so first, would you agree with these basic cost categories? Or, Al, do you guys think about them differently, meaning am I leaving something out there. And then, second, do you think that the cyclical/structural cost decline ratio is kind of 60:40, which seems to be an emerging rule of thumb for the industry? And then finally, how do you think your cost profile is going to change during the next year or so? And the reason I ask is because there are some rumblings out there that service companies are obviously operating at unsustainable margins and something has to give. So three questions, on cost, framework and your expectations.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, so, Doug, I think that that 60:40 rule we're largely in agreement with that. We have as I mentioned earlier a rigorous tracking system to track all these reductions, and when we turn the crank on that system, it says about two-thirds of the savings we've achieved over the last couple years are structural and about one-third cyclical. And then there's the question about the timing of how those come back. Of course, the industry hasn't been through a cycle like this since the onslaught of the unconventional revolution. And so it really remains to be seen just how that ratio is going to turn out. We're all trying to model in and make some forward projections, but I'm sure we're all – just as we all learned in our first down cycle in the unconventional, how the lag times were going to work and how the cyclical costs would work. We'll be learning on the upside as well some new ground there. But I know everybody's talking their book about wanting to increase prices and so we'll see what happens there, but I can tell you that we are going to be cost sensitive. It's part of our cost discipline that we are going to be selective in adding back rigs, pressure pumping crews, adding to that North American unconventional work. We don't have to do that and if we get some rapid reflation to where that starts driving up our cost of supply, then we're not going to add those rigs. We're going to stay disciplined in how we do that, maintain our returns focus.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: So, Al, just to be clear, so you think that the decline in cost for you guys was 60% structural, 40% cyclical rather than the other way around? I know that we don't know at this point but is that the way...?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, it's about two-thirds – our model and our tracking says two-thirds structural, one-third cyclical. And all I'm saying is that it's – some of that is a bit theoretical because we've never been through this before so we'll see how it really turns out.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons. Please go ahead.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thank you. You've obviously highlighted that accelerating investment into the U.S. lower 48 by adding rigs is a priority here. Is the higher investment into next year almost entirely going to be a lower 48 U.S. unconventional story? Or are there some other international brownfield type investment opportunities that should start to attract capital? And if so, can you discuss those? And can you maybe address where incremental Oil Sands CapEx might stack up for you as you think about next phases for Foster Creek, Christina Lake?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Guy, I got to tell you, that is the perfect question for our Analyst Day in a couple of weeks. We're going to address exactly that in some detail and have a whole – in my section, I've got a whole set of slides to really lay all that out and show you where the capital is going, where the production is coming from, Oil Sands, LNG, our conventional projects, conventional drilling and our unconventional in the U.S. and Canada. So rather than try to front run all that right now, I'll save it for the meeting.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Understood. So my follow-up would be on the topic of the Permian and the growth this quarter. Can you just remind us of the current size of your Permian position as it stands today, the Midland-Delaware split? And also, what's the rationale behind not adding any rigs there this year? Is that just an economics decision? Is it due to the smaller position? Is it infrastructure related? Just trying to understand the thought process there.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, we'll be getting into that at the Analyst Day in quite a bit of detail, also. But we have on the order of 100,000 acres, 110,000 acres in the core part of the Permian. That's both in the Delaware and the Midland Basins. And we've done enough appraisal work there to see that we've obviously got very attractive acreage in the heart of those plays that is going give us excellent economics, just as you hear from everybody else. But we're not in a hurry to go start drilling that up before we completely understand it. If you look at the very disciplined process that we've used in the Eagle Ford and in the Bakken where we make sure we understand it; everything from the spacing, to the completion design, to being able to drill with maximum efficiency. Lining all that out before we go before we go out there and just run a whole bunch of rigs drilling is our view of how to develop the asset the most efficiently and create – and derive the most value from it. And so, we're approaching the Permian in that same way. And in fact, this rush to the Permian by everybody else has really left us advantaged in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken because we don't have nearly as much competition for suppliers there, for midstream. Everyone in the Permian is worrying now about all the pipes filling up and the plants filling up and not being able to get capacity. And just the way it used to be in the Eagle Ford. These days in the Eagle Ford there's ullage of all kinds and people offering us good deals. And with the exports coming out of Corpus Christi, we're getting good net backs because there's not as much volume flowing out of there, so it's all good in the places where we're at.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: That's a great point. Thanks for the comments.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys. Just two quick international ones. You're one of the few overseas operators in Libya. We've heard that Libyan volumes have doubled in roughly the last 100 days. Have you noticed any uplift on your assets?
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. I can't say much in any detail about Libya overall, but I can tell you about Waha, our asset there. We are – Waha is producing about 50,000 barrels a day gross right now, which is about 7,000 barrels a day net to us from near zero not very long ago. So that's kind of where we are here in mid to later October. I just should reiterate that none of these Libya volumes are in any of our numbers. We're quoting everything ex-Libya because of all the volatility there. But if we continue to produce at this 50,000 barrel a day gross from our facilities there, it should lead to a first lifting from Es Sider, from the port there, sometime in November. But there's a tremendous amount of damage and significant challenges repairing infrastructure pipelines, and out in the wellfield. Also at the port and the tankage facilities there – the pictures from there are just, look like the battle zone that it's been. And so I don't expect that that's going to be able to ramp in a huge way overnight, but we are seeing some volumes coming out now and expect some liftings if it keeps up next month.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP Investor Relations and Communications.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Christine, and thanks to all our listeners. Obviously we look forward to giving you a whole lot more detail in a couple of weeks. And between now and then, if you have any additional questions about the quarter, don't hesitate to call. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen DeSanctis - VP, Investor Relations and Communications Ryan Lance - Chairman and CEO Don Wallette - EVP of Finance, Commercial and CFO Al Hirshberg - EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects
Analysts: Paul Cheng - Barclays Doug Leggate - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Phil Gresh - JPMorgan Guy Baber - Simmons & Company Roger Read - Wells Fargo Alastair Syme - Citigroup Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors
Operator: Welcome to the second-quarter 2016 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-mode. Later we will conduct question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP, Investor Relations and Communications, ConocoPhillips. You may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Christine, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the second-quarter earnings call. With me today are Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Don Wallette, our EVP of Finance, Commercial and our Chief Financial Officer; and Al Hirshberg, our EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects. Our cautionary statement is shown on page 2 of our presentation. We'll make some forward-looking statements on today's call that refer to estimates and plans. Actual results could differ due to the factors noted on this slide and in our SEC filings. We may also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures, which help facilitate comparisons across periods and with peers. For any non-GAAP measures we use, a reconciliation to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found on our website. So with those administrative details out of the way, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Ellen, and good morning. I'll begin on slide 4. This is a recap of our 2Q results, and Don and Al will provide more detail in a moment. But the key messages are we delivered strong operational performance; our financial performance is improving; and we're making progress strategically to position ourselves for a world of lower and more volatile prices. Let me quickly go through this slide. Production grew year-over-year by 3%. Our second-quarter performance exceeded guidance despite a busy season of turnarounds and over a month of downtime at Surmont due to the wildfires. Based on our strong year-to-date performance, we're raising the midpoint of our 2016 production guidance by 2%. We're also lowering our 2016 CapEx from 5.7 billion to 5.5 billion based on efficiency improvements really across all business lines. Our major projects across our portfolio are on track for startup as planned. And Al will talk about these projects in more detail. Our financial performance was challenged, like the rest of industry, but did improve sequentially in line with prices. Three of five of our producing segments were profitable this quarter, and I think this highlights the benefits of having high-quality legacy assets in our portfolio. Cash flows were in line with expectations, and we ended the quarter with over 4 billion of cash and short-term investments on hand. We're continuing to make progress on our asset sale program and expect to achieve our goal of about 1 billion of proceeds this year. We reduced debt by 800 million in the second quarter, so we're making progress on improving our balance sheet. On the strategic front, we continued our phased exit of deepwater exploration. We signed an agreement to sell our position in Senegal in July and expensed our remaining deepwater position in the Gibson and Tiber wells in the Gulf of Mexico and we drilled a successful appraisal well at Shenandoah. Our adjusted operating costs continue to improve across the business, and we are lowering our full-year guidance there as well. This will create additional cash flow momentum as prices improve. And finally, we continue to spend a lot of time analyzing the macro outlook and the choices we have for allocating cash flows through the business cycles. This is an important aspect of our value proposition and very much on the minds of investors. We have set priorities and targets that will guide our allocation decisions. By following these priorities, we can create value as prices recover and through future price cycles. So before I turn it over to Don and Al, I want to step through our allocation priorities and targets on the next slide. The way to create value in this business is through disciplined capital allocation. On last quarter's call, I had outlined the principles of our capital allocation approach, which are shown on the left side of this slide. As a reminder, they were that the dividend will remain a core part of our offering and we're targeting real annual growth in that dividend. Another principle is to maintain a strong balance sheet; the recent downturn has emphasized the importance of this principle. For us, that means having debt of less than $25 billion. And finally, we'll focus on disciplined growth, where per share growth will compete with absolute growth. We have positioned the company to compete on returns; so while we have a large, low cost of supply portfolio, we'll be disciplined about allocating cash to volume growth. Now, establishing these principles was an important first step in articulating our value proposition, especially coming out of the downturn. But we also wanted to set priorities and targets that will guide our incremental allocation decision, and these are shown on the right hand side of this slide. Let me step through them. The first use of cash is to pay our existing dividend and invest capital to maintain our production base. Now, let me be clear that flat production is not our goal; but at a minimum we want to sustain our existing production. Because of our low decline base production, we can keep production flat for over a decade with CapEx of $5 billion to $6 billion. We believe our capital intensity is now one of the lowest among our competitors, and that's a real advantage. After our cash from operations exceeds the level required to cover our dividend and capex for flat volumes, the next use of cash will be to grow our quarterly dividend, our dividend annually at a real rate. We think this is a prudent and sustainable target. Our next priority is to reduce our debt to below $25 billion. Our target is to reduce debt as it matures, but we might accelerate some of that reduction with asset sales. Our target is to have an A-rated balance sheet, which we think is a competitive advantage. Next we have a target to achieve 20% to 30% total shareholder payout of cash flow from operations through a combination of our ordinary dividend and flexible share repurchases. We don't believe our ordinary dividend represents enough return of capital to shareholders through the cycles for a company our size and maturity; so when we have available cash flows we expect to return additional capital through share buybacks. We believe this will be a differential aspect of our offering. It will also force discipline on the system while giving us a more flexible means of returning capital to our owners. And our final priority of cash flows will be to invest in our large, low cost of supply captured resource base. We'll allocate capital to the lowest cost of supply opportunities while maintaining an appropriate balance between short and medium cycle programs; and we have that inventory to grow. So what I've laid out should give you a clear sense of how we plan to create value through disciplined capital allocation. You should not think of our priorities and targets as a precise formula, but rather as a relative ranking of the choices we can exercise through the cycles. In some parts of the cycles we can envision pulling on all these levers; at other times, we may be hunkered down. But in all parts of the cycle we'll be disciplined. So let me stop here. We'll have some more time for your questions on this call. We'll also provide a lot more detail on our strategy at our Analyst and Investor Meeting in November. But what you should take away from my comments is that we know where we're headed and we have a strategy that is distinctive and will differentiate ConocoPhillips from our competitors. So let me turn it over to Don for a few comments on our financial results.
Don Wallette: Thanks, Ryan. I'll provide a quick overview of the second-quarter financials, starting with adjusted earnings on slide 7. The business is performing well operationally, and we grew production 3%; but the low commodity price environment continues to impact financial results. For the second quarter, with an average realized price of around $28 per BOE, we reported an adjusted net loss of roughly $1 billion or $0.79 per share. A couple of items to note that negatively impacted earnings in the quarter. We expensed our remaining position in the Keathley Canyon area of the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and, with respect to adjusted earnings, recognized the Gibson and Tiber wells as dry holes. We also saw higher DD&A in the quarter, and we are increasing our guidance for the year from $8.5 billion to $9.2 billion. This increase is due in part to stronger production performance, but it's also related to an increase in the DD&A rate, primarily a result of price-related reserve revisions. We continue to reduce costs across the business and achieved an 18% reduction in adjusted operating costs compared to the year-ago quarter. Second-quarter adjusted earnings by segment are shown in the lower right side of the slide. While Lower 48 was impacted sequentially by higher DD&A and dry hole expenses, the remaining segments are roughly in line with expectations. As a reminder, the supplemental data on our website provides additional financial detail. Turning to Slide 8, I'll cover production. Our second-quarter production averaged 1.546 million BOE per day, which exceeded our guidance despite the wildfires in Canada. Last year's second-quarter volumes were 1.595 million BOE per day, or 1.523 million when adjusted for dispositions. Adjusting for the impact of incremental downtime, production increased by 46,000 BOE a day, representing 3% growth year-over-year. Increases in LNG and liquids volumes were partially offset by lower natural gas volumes, mostly in North America. This gets you to our 1.546 million BOE per day production for the quarter. If you turn now to Slide 9 I'll cover the cash flow waterfall for the first half of the year. We started the year with 2.4 billion in cash and have generated $1.9 billion from operating activities, excluding operating working capital changes. Total working capital was a use of cash of 600 million in the first half of the year. This was largely driven by reduced capital spending and lower decommissioning activity in Europe. Since we don't expect a significant reversal of our spending trends for the remainder of 2016, we believe working capital will be a use of cash for the full year. Proceeds from asset sales, mostly North America gas properties, were $400 million in the first half. Through the first six months, debt increased by 3.8 billion. This reflects the 4.6 billion of debt raised in the first quarter, offset by 800 million of commercial paper retired in the second quarter. Capital spending for the first half of the year was 3 billion. After dividend payments of $600 million and some other small items, we ended June with 4.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. Now I'll turn it over to Al to run through our operational performance.
Al Hirshberg: Thanks, Don. I'll go through our operations by segment and then provide a brief overview of what's left to watch for in the second half of the year, and then we can take your questions. If you turn to slide 11, I'll start with the Lower 48 and Canada segments. In the Lower 48 our production in the second quarter was 503 thousand barrels per day. Once you adjust for asset sales, that's an underlying decrease of 17 thousand barrels a day compared to this time last year. The unconventionals produced 262 thousand barrels per day, or down 4% from second quarter of 2015. That's better performance than we had expected, driven primarily by better well performance in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, but also by the lag effects from our ramp down in rig activity. Now that we're running with three rigs, we expect decline in the unconventionals to steepen somewhat in the second half of the year. In the Gulf of Mexico, we saw successful results at the latest Shenandoah 5 appraisal well, which encountered over 1,000 feet of net pay. Moving to Canada, our production was 279,000 barrels per day. Adjusted for dispositions, we saw growth compared to the second quarter of last year, even including the wildfire impacts at Surmont. That's the result of ongoing ramp up of our oil sands projects which provided a 16% increase in bitumen production compared to this time last year. We expect growth to continue as Surmont 2 ramps up to full capacity through 2017 and we bring additional phases online at FCCL. We also achieved first production with the commissioning of the Foster Creek Phase G during the second quarter, and we're progressing toward first production at Christina Lake Phase F. Moving to slide 12 I'll cover the Alaska and Europe & North Africa segments. In Alaska we saw growth compared to the same time last year, with second quarter production of 179,000 barrels per day. This came from ongoing strong production at CD5 and Drill Site 2S. In the quarter, we also approved an expansion phase of CD5, which will add an additional 16 wells and bring CD5 to its full design capacity. We have significant turnaround activity planned in Alaska for the third quarter at both Kuparuk and Alpine. And finally, we completed the sale of our Beluga River asset in the Cook Inlet during the quarter. In Europe & North Africa, production of 187,000 barrels per day was down 20,000 barrels per day compared to the same period last year. That decrease is primarily the result of increased turnaround activity in this year's second quarter. In the UK, at Clair Ridge the drilling and production modules were successfully installed, and progress is also continuing at Alder where we expect to achieve first production in the fourth quarter. Moving to slide 13, I'll cover the Asia Pacific & Middle East and Other International segments. In APME, production was 398,000 barrels per day, up 14% year-over-year. The increase was primarily due to the ongoing ramp up at APLNG. Train 1 is continuing to run ahead of expectations, with 27 cargoes loaded in the first half of the year, including our first cargo to Kansai Electric in Japan. We're on track to deliver the first cargo from Train 2 in the fourth quarter of 2016. In Malaysia, Gumusut is continuing to produce at a high level, and third party pipeline commissioning is underway at KBB, so we're beginning to see increased production volumes there as well. The sailaway of the Malikai TLP was completed this month with startup expected next year. In the Other International segment the key milestone was signing the SPA for the sale of our exploration blocks in Senegal in July. This sale is expected to generate proceeds of $400 million to $450 million. If you turn to Slide 14, I'll provide a few comments about our outlook for the rest of the year. As Ryan and Don mentioned, the business has performed well through the first half of the year. We're updating our full-year production guidance to 1.54 million to 1.57 million barrels per day; that's an increase of 35 thousand barrels per day or about 2% over prior guidance, while at the same time we're lowering both our capital and our operating cost guidance. For the third quarter, we expect production to be between 1.51 million and 1.55 million barrels per day, which reflects ongoing turnaround activity in Europe and Alaska. Our project activity is on track. We're continuing to ramp up at our Surmont and FCCL projects and are progressing several other projects in Alaska, Europe and Asia Pacific. We expect to complete our Senegal sale before the end of the year, and we're continuing to market our remaining deepwater exploration positions in Eastern Canada and the Gulf of Mexico. Then finally, just a reminder that we will host our 2016 Analyst and Investor Meeting in New York on November 10. At that meeting we'll provide more details on our cash flow priorities, our low cost of supply portfolio, and our future investment plans. So we look forward to seeing all of you at that update. And now I'll turn it over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Ryan, just curious, your partner in Canada was saying that they are ready to restart Christina Lake. Given that your portfolio is different than theirs, is there any maybe scheduling differences in opinion between you and your partner?
Ryan Lance: Scheduling what? Scheduling differences, Paul?
Paul Cheng: Yes, in terms of the expectation, given that I think the first set of assets that you're going to go back and reinvest, I don't believe is going to be oil sands; I presume that is going to be in Eagle Ford and Bakken and Permian. So how is that we reconcile there?
Ryan Lance: Yes. No, well, we spend quite a bit of time with our partner up in Canada talking about our plans. We've been fairly well aligned in terms of what the performance and the opportunity set looks like. I'm aware they've -- some of their comments are wanting to ramp up some of their spending, get back to work on some of the projects with increased oil prices. But we've got that accommodated in our plans as well, and we work really close with them to make sure that we're doing the right things and that the projects make sense economically and have a competitive cost of supply.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Just a real quick one for me. Maybe do you have a production number for Eagle Ford, Bakken, and Permian in the second quarter?
Al Hirshberg: Yes, I can quote you those numbers. It's actually, production is actually up in the Eagle Ford versus, from the first quarter to the second quarter.
Ellen DeSanctis: I've got them here if you want.
Al Hirshberg: So you asked the same question in the first quarter about Eagle Ford, and we were at 168,000; we're up to 171,000 in the second quarter. Bakken was 65,000 in the first quarter; 64,000 in the second quarter. So, actually if you add Eagle Ford and Bakken together, we're up a few thousand barrels a day in the second quarter versus the first quarter.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Leggate, of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I think it's still morning, isn't it? So, Ryan, I think, is it slide number 5? The 20% to 30% cash flow shareholder payout, I think that's a new number on the slide deck this quarter. I just wanted to get clarifications to make sure we're interpreting this properly. That includes the dividend, I assume?
Ryan Lance: Yes, it does.
Doug Leggate: Okay, so basically can you just remind, on that basis then, can you just give us some idea as to what kind of thresholds you are thinking about? Because I imagine $70 oil, that would imply a much bigger number than obviously $50 oil. So can you give us some idea? Is it a limit to the level that you would put on that, or should we just take that as a blanket guidance going forward?
Ryan Lance: Well, Doug, I think the way to think about that is we recognize that, as prices recover, that the dividend payout that we have today doesn't represent probably enough return to shareholders in a recovered price scenario where we're starting to free cash flow above our requirements of the current dividend and to keep our production flat at a minimum. So we recognize that as prices recover that's not enough payout to the shareholders. Even when we spun the company we were talking about these kinds of payout levels. We were doing that with just the ordinary dividend at the time. So we set a pretty broad range, 20% to 30%, and clearly we'll take a look at that as the circumstances warrant. And then compare really, as you get down to those fourth and fifth priorities, it's about what kind of investments do we have that the shareholders would want us to be making in the portfolio? What kind of returns do they have? What kind of cost of supply do they have? And how does that compare to where our stock is trading at the time and the value that we see in the shares? And compare those two and make those decisions as we go down the road.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Thanks for that. My follow up is related, I guess. It's a clarification on your debt targets, because again number three on that list is pay down debt. You're already at a net debt number below $25 billion and you're talking about paying debt as it matures. So are you now at the debt level you're comfortable with? Or do you still want the absolute debt to be below $25 billion? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Don Wallette: Yes, Doug; no. This is Don. We wanted to be real clear. We talk about balance sheet debt. We could be talking about net debt, too, but we didn't want there to be any ambiguity. What we're looking at is balance sheet debt that at the end of the first quarter was approaching $30 billion or so, and that's when we set our target and said we want to bring that down to a number less than $25 billion.
Doug Leggate: Okay. But Don, to be clear, if you are paying maturities as they come due, I assume that's from cash on the balance sheet. So isn't that essentially a net debt number?
Don Wallette: Well, we'll see how the macro environment turns out, but we would hope that that would come not just from cash on the balance sheet but also from organic cash flow.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for taking the question, guys. You've clearly had a lot of success ramping at APLNG. Is there a point with Train 1 or getting into Train 2 where the project in aggregate begins to be a net cash generator?
Al Hirshberg: Yes, this is Al; I'll take that one. As we -- we're still spending a lot of capital in on construction on Train 2, of course; but once both trains have ramped up the project, if you include even the financing, the cost of that, throws off cash when you get to around a $45 barrel kind of number.
Pavel Molchanov: $45 barrel at JCC?
Al Hirshberg: Yes.
Pavel Molchanov: Pricing? Okay. Just second quick one on the Senegal sale. Woodside threw out some numbers on the underlying resource. Were any of those included in your proved reserves at last year-end?
Al Hirshberg: No. That's a recent discovery that's a long way from any kind of proved reserves. Our proved reserves for Senegal on our books would be zero.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks. Good result, gentlemen. Maybe if I could talk about your free cash flow generation a little bit, we see you guys -- you were near free cash flow breakeven even at $45 a barrel in the quarter here in 2016, which is probably a little ahead of what our anticipated pace was, in terms of you guys getting there in the medium term. Are you ahead of pace on cost reduction and cost structure optimization? And could you talk about maybe continuing momentum that you have in that regard going forward and the potential to dip below your potential $45 a barrel target in terms of covering CapEx and dividends?
Al Hirshberg: Yes, Ryan, I think we've really got -- in terms of the progress there we've got three things all working in our favor. We're higher on volumes; we're lower on CapEx; and we're lower on CapEx. So all those things are moving in the right direction to help drive down our breakeven cost of capital. We've trimmed back our guidance on CapEx and CapEx to reflect that. But we continue to make a lot of progress there. I can go into the details more if you want, but really that's the big-picture answer, that all three of those things are driving us in the right direction.
Ryan Lance: And, Ryan, we're not satisfied with where the numbers are at today, and we've got a lot of effort to continue to drive them down to get the same scope done for less capital and less cost as well. Because we've got to continue to attack that breakeven and make sure we get the breakeven for the company down as low as we possibly can and be as competitive as we can. Because we believe this world of low and a lot of volatility in prices is here to stay. So we've got to thrive in the down cycle.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks. Maybe as a follow-up to that question, there seems to be a common concern amongst at least part of the market in terms of your confidence and your ability to deliver on the medium term outlook, in terms of your ability to sustain volumes longer term at the stated levels of capital spend or the capital intensity that you mentioned in your comments. Can you maybe talk a little bit about how you think your portfolio has evolved over the years and how it's positioned to sustain that free cash flow generation? And is there maybe some additional granularity on the portfolio that you might be able to provide going forward that could help increase investor confidence in this?
Al Hirshberg: Yes. You've heard a lot from us over the last few years about the shift that we've had from mega-projects, longer cycle to shorter cycle, more flexible investment; that's really standing us in good stead now. But if you just look at our near term performance on volumes, take, start out with second quarter volumes: we beat the midpoint of our guidance by 26,000 barrels a day and were even above the high end of our range. And that was despite being, having about a negative 15,000 at Surmont due to the wildfires. So you can see there that there are a lot of parts of our business that are really performing well. And the single biggest area that drove that outperformance on volumes was the Lower 48 unconventionals, as you could see from some of the numbers we were quoting to Paul's question earlier. The decline, even running just three rigs in the Lower 48, we're seeing better performance on the volume side and on the cost side in our Lower 48 unconventional. So that's a key driver. Then as you look toward the end of the year at the strong momentum that we're going to have on volumes, we'll have Alder starting up, APLNG Train 2, Surmont 2 will be continuing to ramp, KBB volumes are moving up, FCCL. So we have a lot of different projects that will be adding volumes that give us a lot of confidence that we can continue to drive that volume performance of at least flat, or even growth if we want to, at these lower kind of capital levels that we've been talking about. And of course, we're going to show you a lot more detail on that in November at our Analyst Day.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Gresh, of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: Hi, there. Good afternoon. The first question is just a follow up to Doug's question on the leverage level, the $25 billion target. You have $1.250 billion coming due in the third quarter, $1 billion in 2017. You talked about maybe accelerating some paydowns if you have asset sales. But I guess it would seem to imply that the $25 billion target on a gross basis wouldn't be reached until maybe late 2017, perhaps. But I'm guessing you are probably thinking faster than that, based on the cash you might have coming in and the cash on the balance sheet. So maybe you could just clarify that for us in terms of when you think you can reach that target.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Phil, we thought it was important to throw out an absolute gross target of debt, so Don talked about below $25 billion. And then we've been, I think some of the questions we've had since that time is saying: Well, you're not going to do anything else until you get to that point, so you're going to spend all those $4 billion required to get from $29 billion down to $25 billion, will be at the expense of everything else. What we wanted to try to tell folks is we feel comfortable with paying off the debt as it matures with the cash flow. So as we get some recovery in price and we're generating cash flow above what it takes to hold production flat and pay the dividend, we'll go ahead and put that to the balance sheet. But we're not going to spend $4 billion before we do anything else, because we think we can get there over time, over the next couple of years, as you say, with the natural maturities that we have on the balance sheet. And then -- and we know that we want to get back into the market with some asset sales when the market starts recovering. So we know that we'll be selling some more of our noncore assets, and we'll always have that to help us accelerate that debt repayment. But the main message: it's manageable; we think we have a plan; we can get there with just through the natural maturities, and we can get to a point that we think is solidly investment grade in the A credit rated band.
Phil Gresh: Got it. Okay, so you're comfortable with the next couple years. Okay. The question second question was just on the production beat. I believe maybe it was earlier this year you gave outlooks for each region from a production standpoint. I think Lower 48 at the time was down 3% or so, if I have my numbers right. Maybe you could just give us your revised thoughts on the production outlook for different regions. It sounds like Lower 48 is the key driver of the beat and raise.
Al Hirshberg: I think the biggest change in our production outlook when I was asked on the first-quarter call with coming down to three rigs and holding that three-rig level for the rest of the year, how much did we think our Lower 48 unconventional would decline on the year and my answer was 10%. At that time it looked -- our projection was we would drop about 10% in our Lower 48 unconventional. With this update and with the performance we've had in the second quarter, that number has been cut roughly in half. About 6% now is what we think we'll be down in Lower 48 unconventional. So that's a big change, holding that same flat three-rig rate. We've also got some improved production in Europe and in Malaysia. So really if you think about it, those are all above-average margin barrels for us. So that's part of the other good news in our production beat, is that it's coming from places where we have higher-margin barrels.
Phil Gresh: Got it; that's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons & Company. Please go ahead.
Guy Baber: Thanks, everybody, for taking my question. Ryan, you mentioned you have one of the lowest capital intensity portfolios. I wanted to just explore that a little bit more and follow up on the earlier question. But at 5 billion to 6 billion you've noted you can keep your production profile flat. I believe that translates to CapEx on a per-barrel basis in the low teens. Is that the type of F&D you believe you can achieve with your current portfolio? And can you talk about what gives you that confidence? I'm really trying to understand if the 5 billion to 6 billion of spend cannot only hold production flat but also replace your reserves. Or if you're comfortable drawing down your proved reserve life to a certain extent, given the strength of your resource base.
Ryan Lance: Yes, there's quite a lot in that, Guy. Let me just start at your first question. Yes, we have a lot of confidence. As I said in my remarks, $5 billion to $6 billion of capital, at today's inflationary rates and what's going on in the market today, we can see with our portfolio a decade of flat production at that kind of level. So with the opportunities that we have to invest in the portfolio, even at the lower capital level, yes, we're pretty clear about what we can do over a long period of time at that level. And a lot of that's driven by the fact that after we get APLNG up and running, second train, and we get Surmont 2 ramped up, we've got 500,000 we've got a third of our production base that's virtually no decline for the next 20 years. I think that's what's unique about our company, and that's what helps us drive down this maintenance capital level or this capital to hold our production flat to the kind of level that we're seeing. Now as that translates to F&D it's a little bit tougher question, because now you bring in the vagaries of reserves and bookings and all that kind of stuff. And that gets to be a little bit more tougher question. But generally you're right: it has to drive F&D down from where we've been at over the last few years. But in our portfolio, we do have a pretty high R to P, so we are willing to let that moderate some, because the bookings will not necessarily exactly follow the capital as we go forward. So reserve bookings end up being lumpy. But over time, over three and five year periods, yes, the F&D should follow. And as you are starting to book all the resources that you're developing, typically in the unconventionals, even in the Eagle Ford we're booked to a small percentage of what we think the total resource potential will ultimately be out of Eagle Ford. So F&D is lumpy, but generally over time it should happen. But there is probably some drift in R to P.
Guy Baber: That's very helpful. Thank you. Then my follow-up is, as CapEx continues to be revised lower here, I just want to make sure that we stay on top of the latest view in terms of the level and the amount of longer cycle committed capex that rolls off the books from 2016 to 2017. I think you previously talked about $1.5 billion or so. Is that still the case?
Al Hirshberg: Yes, that story hasn't changed much from last quarter where, you're right, we were talking about $1.5 billion. Remember that about $1 billion of that was from APLNG and FCCL joint ventures and about $0.5 billion from deepwater roll off. The APLNG both because of a bit lower spending and a bit higher revenues, because the Train 1 is running above expectations, is using a little less. So that it may, the $1.5 billion may be down a tenth or so, but it's still in that same kind of range. And that roll off does provide room for us should we choose to increase rigs in the Lower 48 next year. That roll off money is where some of that can come from and still keep us down at these same capital levels next year. Some of that money will also be used with some of our medium cycle size projects that are in a phase of execution, where some of their CapEx is going up from 2016 to 2017.
Guy Baber: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read, of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Thank you. Good morning. I guess two questions I have. One is you described the decline in the opex; can you give us an idea what you see as sustainable there? Or are there further goals to reduce it? Just trying to get an idea how much of that is internal and how much of that might be external as activity recovers, prices go up, and some of those costs have to go up.
Al Hirshberg: Yes, good question, Roger. I think you've seen us continue to drive our opex down. I think our organization has really continued to outperform versus the targets that we've set. We just remind ourselves, we're down $1.2 billion of opex with this new $6.8 billion target versus where we were last year. That's 15% from last year. And we're down $2.9 billion from 2014, 30%. So we've driven our operating costs down about 30% from this year versus 2014. But we're not done. We've got a lot of very firm plans and work that's been underway this year to continue driving those costs down next year substantially. So we'll do the reveal on that at the November Analyst Day, but there's more to come on our operating costs. And of course, the second part of your question, we are very focused on trying to do this in a sustainable way with structural cost reductions and not just the cyclical deflation. Of course the deflation is a piece of this, and we're trying to hang on to that, get as much of that as we can along the way and hang onto it for as long as we can. But we recognize that there will be reflation if prices ever come back one day and we'll give some of that back. But we're dominated here by the structural side and real significant changes we've made in the way we're running our business.
Roger Read: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. Then a cash flow question here. As we looked at the data that came through on the spreadsheet, saw a big hit on the deferred taxes side. I just was hoping to get maybe a little bit of a feel for what that is; and then maybe an idea of how to think about cash taxes when prices do recover and the company is generating profitability again.
Don Wallette: Yes, Roger; this is Don. Yes, we continue to see deferred taxes as a use of cash, being in a non-taxpaying position in several of the key jurisdictions that we're in. I think that probably the way to think about it going forward is that we take a look at the price decks that the analyst community is using, and I think that on the basis of those it's really unlikely that we're going to be in a taxpaying position in North America and in the U.S. and Canada for probably the next two or three years, at least, under those types of price environments. So it's going to be a while before that deferred tax flips from a use to a source.
Roger Read: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alastair Syme of Citi. Please go ahead.
Alastair Syme: Really had the question back on Senegal, you look at the equity performance of some of the partners in the asset, and it did suggest the market, so the sales price, is fairly low. Can you maybe comment on that and why you think the deal was done?
Ryan Lance: We think we got fair value for the asset, based on our assessment of the resource and the cost to develop it.
Alastair Syme: As a follow-up, can you maybe talk about where you're at regarding the rest of the asset sales and, again, what the environment is like for those sort of transactions? Specifically referring to the deepwater.
Ryan Lance: Yes. No -- so we've been told -- telegraphing that we think we're on track for $1 billion of asset sales this year and we're on track to do that. So we'll deliver that. We've said we've taken a number of producing oily assets off the market because we just don't think the market is there for a fair value with respect to that. So we're not going to sell assets into that kind of a headwind. We have done some North American dry gas assets, and we continue to look at those in the portfolio and see if we can get what we believe is a fair value relative to how we view the assets. That's certainly what we felt like with the Senegal transaction. And specifically on the deepwater, we've signaled to you what we think about Keathley Canyon is there's something there, but the development probably is smaller and it doesn't compete for capital in our portfolio. So we'll be looking at what we can do about that particular area going forward as well. Senegal, we'll look at it, I mean Shenandoah. We've had a successful appraisal well there, so we're really encouraged about what that looks like. We'll think about putting that back on the market as well. But again if the market's not there for what we think is full value, we'll continue to be a part of that development.
Alastair Syme: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta, of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Neil Mehta: Good morning, good afternoon, guys. Want to ask a couple high level questions and, Ryan, it goes back to your slide of the unique value proposition. I know one of the pushbacks that you often get from investors is that Conoco is kind of stuck in the middle; for some who look at you as a major, they'll say you have a low yield, and for some that are looking at you as an E&P, they'll be more focused on growth. Is the message on that slide and going into the Analyst Day that the most powerful differentiating factor is the free cash flow? Is that what you see as that most powerful, unique value proposition point?
Ryan Lance: Well, I think that the leverage to the price has a point there where we can start to generate free cash flow with modest increases in the prices. And we've tried to tell you what we're going to do with that free cash flow. And a big sort of, certainly a prevalent piece of that is a recognition that we need to return more to the shareholders as prices start to recover relative to where the ordinary dividend is. But I'd tell you, Neil, I think there's a lot of differentiating factors in the portfolio. The maintenance capital to keep flat production, the quality of the investment cases that we have, the low cost of supply we have in the portfolio: we'll show you that in quite a lot of detail in November. But I think there's space in this E&P world for a company like ours that is focused on returns. We know, given our size, that we can't compete against the growth of the pure play smaller growth companies. But we're going into a world of lower and high volatile prices. And having some predictability, which I think we've shown through the execution since we spun the company, we've delivered on everything we've said. We know how to run the company. We know how to run this business. We know what we're doing. And as we think about that, there's space in the E&P space for a company that is differential on returns and that can be more predictable through the cycles, and do that both on the low and the upper end. Finally, ever since we spun the company we've been saying that we'll give returns back to our shareholders right off the top, and that's what we're trying to tell you here is an important part of our offering, the 20%, 30% we recognize needs to go to the shareholder with great discipline within the Company. And that, combined with our flexible investments and what the portfolio looks like, we think will differentiate ourselves.
Neil Mehta: I appreciate that, Ryan. Just as a follow up, I always appreciate your perspective on the oil macros. You operate in a lot of countries that we have less visibility on. You took, I think, a little bit more of a cautious view earlier this year, partly driving the dividend reduction. Where do you see we are in the rebalancing process? And what do you think is the biggest upside and downside risk to the base case?
Ryan Lance: Yes, I think we're concerned about it, Neil. I think the guys -- we've been talking and preaching for quite a bit of time we need to be prepared for lower prices and volatility. And I think we're in that, and we're seeing that in spades right now. So in our outlook, our guys did predict that, yes, we would see refineries start to cut run rates, and we'd see gasoline inventories start to build. Because we were a little bit surprised to even see the crude oil inventory build in the last week like it did. So we think we're in -- while the supply and demand are closely balanced, it doesn't take a lot of movement on either end to create the kind of volatility that we're seeing. So as we think about it going forward, it's got to be really, really cautious as we go through 2016. It's going to take well into 2017 before we see any real increases in the price. So we continue -- as Al said, we're battening down the hatches. We're focused on lowering the capital required to deliver the scope. And we're focused on reducing the cost and trying to get our breakeven down as low as it can possibly get, because we're going to be in this world for periods of time over the next year, year and a half.
Neil Mehta: Appreciate it, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Both of my questions are on Slide 5, so maybe I can just ask them both. I'm really just trying to get a point of clarity here on number two, the annual dividend growth being a real dividend target, with inflation trending around, say, 1% or so. Is that to say that that's literally what you're trying to achieve is just maintaining pace with inflation? I don't mean to be pedantic with it, but I just wanted to clarify that. And then the second piece is the 20% to 30% target on cash flow being paid out to shareholders. That's being put above growth capital. So is it fair to think that the buybacks are going to take priority over reinvesting? In other words, CapEx will remain at the 5 billion to 6 billion level until you've begun doing some buybacks? Thanks.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Blake, I guess a couple things on the dividend. We say targeting real annual returns; we're not trying to -- I'm not trying to put a percentage to it. I realize the inflation rate is quite low today, but what we're trying to say is we're not going to be trying to increase the dividend annually to get back to somewhere like we were before we cut the dividend. So we're recognizing we went through the pain and the agony of the dividend decision to reset the fixed cost of the company at the lower end of the cycle. And we recognize as we go through the middle part of the trough into the upper end of the cycle, that's not enough return to the shareholders. So we're going to augment that with a variable distribution plan around share buyback. And while we say a lot of the -- can you be counter-cyclic in that kind of world? We're going to look at that pretty judiciously. We'll have a view of commodity prices today and where we think they're going over the next few years. We'll look at how our shares are trading in the marketplace. And we'll make a decision on what the level of share buyback is. Certainly at a minimum we'd like to offset the dilution that our stock programs to our employees provide. So that would set a floor on the share buyback. But again I don't think there's bright lines between all of these. As I tried to say in my comments, as the prices start to recover, we can envision doing a little bit of everything. We're going to be doing some share buyback, but we're also going to be investing in the portfolio as well. But certainly we view giving -- making sure that we hit the 20% to 30% return to our shareholders is an important hurdle for us to make before we start investing in the portfolio.
Blake Fernandez: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ed Westlake, of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake: Yes. My first question is obviously congrats on the well recoveries driving the surprise in Lower 48 volumes. Obviously that's probably lowered the breakevens as well. So at the same time you've got global inventory positions still high. Maybe talk a bit about where the breakevens are now in the core shale assets in North America and then what you'd need to see, maybe on the macro side or maybe just in terms of the well performance, to start to increase activity levels. Because it does feel as if you've got this following wind from your projects, so you don't necessarily have to rush.
Al Hirshberg: Yes, I think that's right. Our answer to that same question really hasn't changed from what we said on the first quarter, that we don't have some set price that's going to drive us out to add rigs in the Lower 48. We do have the volume momentum that I was talking about earlier and the better volume performance we're getting from just the rigs we're running. But we're not going to get excited and rush out there and add rigs every time the price bumps up. The price since the last call, the last quarter's been up, it's been down, did the same thing this time last year. So we're not on a hair trigger to go out and add rigs in that kind of situation, even though we do have a very high quality opportunity set to invest in. So I would say we're ready but we're patient. And when we do add rigs we're going to be very mindful about it. The macro situation will have to be solid, and we're going to have to have the right costs that we'll have to be able to make sure we get the right contracting to be able to go back at the cost level that we need to, to maintain that low cost of supply that we have from those assets.
Ed Westlake: Some idea of where that breakeven has fallen, given the well performance improvements? Say Bakken and Eagle Ford.
Al Hirshberg: Those numbers are very low. That's really not what's driving us. Those, we could drill like crazy right now in both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford and make a lot of money at today's prices. Those have got cost of supplies down in the 30s. But that's not really what's driving us. We don't want to go run out and add rigs too quickly before we get to a clear macro environment that's going to be supportive of that.
Ryan Lance: I would add, Ed, we all can show 40%, 50%, 70% internal rates of return on an incremental well. And we've all got that, anybody that's got a large North American position has got that in their portfolio today. We've got it a go-go; but as Al said, we're not going to drill into the face of $40 headwinds. It's not going anywhere. It just doesn't make any sense.
Ed Westlake: My second question is maybe esoteric and maybe we'll have to leave it to the Analyst Day. But I don't know if you've done any work on just how large a noncore asset disposal program could be, if investors were still unhappy even with the $25 billion debt target that you've laid out, if they felt that really the right gearing for a volatile oil market is actually lower than the gearing targets that you've laid out. I presume there's lots of tax impacts on old assets and a whole load of things that you'd have to think about. But I'm just trying to get a sense of the size of the hopper that's available for disposals if you did want to reduce debt through that volatile period.
Ryan Lance: Yes, we'll probably speak to that more a little bit in November, Ed. We continue to watch the macro and continue to look at what competes for investment in the portfolio. And then, as you say, there's other considerations. Can we get the value? Can we get the value we think we have with holding? We know our assets really well. And we have a view on the macro, and we have a view what's full value being paid for the assets. So we've demonstrated that we'll sell things that don't compete in the portfolio. We're going to continue to do that, and we'll provide you more in November.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Ryan, thinking of the November Analyst Meeting, it seems fairly clear to us that shareholders really want you to do what you're doing in terms of lowering costs and breakevens. But really commit to no growth and all buyback is an overriding strategy. You're referencing it, but you're keeping the growth option open. Can you just talk a little bit about why you don't just go down the route that I believe -- and maybe I'm wrong -- most shareholders would prefer you to? Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yes, thanks, Paul. We do get that question from you and maybe two others. It is -- that's a good way when we look at it. Again, we recognize that through an up cycle or through the -- as this commodity price recovers a little bit we'll start generating a fair amount of free cash flow. So what do we do with it? And how much of that should go to the shareholder and how much should go to the portfolio? I'd say shareholders in the company -- and you know what our portfolio looks like; we'll show you more of that in November. And not only have we reduced the breakeven costs within the company. We've made some fairly substantial progress reducing the cost of supply in the portfolio within the company as well. So when you look at those opportunities to invest in the portfolio that are going to move our returns, they're going to add margin and create more cash flow growth for the company, even at a flat, fairly low price deck, we think those are things that we ought to be investing at in the company. And we've got to demonstrate that to you. We've got to show you, and that's our plan to go do that. But I will say we're not trying to compete on growth. Investors have better -- they may have different places to go with their investment if that's what they want. We're going to show you why we can compete on returns; why that makes sense; yet we're not going to forget about the shareholder and make sure an appropriate amount is going to them off the top.
Paul Sankey: Thank you, Ryan; that's reasonable. You guys are really helpful on the macro. Can you observe globally why decline rates haven't been as high, given your global portfolio? It would be just interesting to hear, given your own portfolio hasn't been declining as fast as we thought. What's your perspective on what's going on, why we aren't seeing more declines than we anticipated? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Al Hirshberg: You know, I think that certainly if you look at U.S. production we have seen a big decline. The U.S. is off over 1 million barrels a day from the peak last year. But I think that particularly in the unconventional, the surprise factor is that some people pronounced about a year ago that there was an asymptote coming and that technology had reached its end in the unconventional. And I think we're proving once again that that's not the case, that there's still more cost to be driven out and there's still more increased recoveries to be found through new ideas from new technologies. So I think we've still got a long way to go there, and so you'll continue to see that. In terms of the rest of the world, I think in our case there are some better reservoir performance that we've experienced in various places. We've had better facility performance in places like APLNG. We've had timing of a pipeline commission in KBB. So it's been a variety of different things that have been, driven the timing for us. But the main real performance surprise, the biggest single item for us is in the Lower 48 unconventional.
Ryan Lance: I would add, Paul, to that, internationally there's just a number of projects that have continued to come online that were funded in the last three to four years. And our experience is they are not lagging on schedule anymore. They're coming on, and they're coming on usually at better performance than what we were predicting. We're seeing that in our portfolio, whether it's drilling in the UK or Norway, or projects in Malaysia. Or as Al said, Alaska; we're seeing better performance there. And then APLNG, our train at APLNG and the rest of the trains, frankly, that are using our technology on Curtis Island are well outperforming their nameplate capacity and they are running really well. So we're seeing those pockets that are happening. And it's a bit more of a lag in the international space. But the capital investment I think will catch up internationally. We're just seeing some of those projects come online.
Paul Sankey: Thanks.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Paul. Folks, we're at the top of the hour. We'll take one more question and then, by all means, feel free to follow up with IR after the fact. Christine, one more.
Operator: Our last question is from James Sullivan, of Alembic Global Advisors. Please go ahead.
James Sullivan: Hey. Good afternoon now decisively, guys. Just wanted to ask a question melding your view on the macro. And it's not another cut at the same question about growth and share buybacks, but do you guys have a threshold to materiality, given that we're not necessarily going to be looking at oodles of free cash flow necessarily, but maybe smaller tranches of free cash flow if we're at $50 or $55 in a year or two? Do you guys have a threshold of materiality for a shareholder buyback, or how do you think about that?
Ryan Lance: Well, yes. I mean as I tried to say, I think as we generate free cash flow we'd like to at least at a minimum do some anti dilutionary share buybacks to offset the cost of our employee based stock ownership plans. So that sets a bit of a floor. Then depending on where, what level of free cash flow we have available, we'll start delivering that to the shareholder. And then we'd like to be in that range of 20% to 30% of our cash flow going to the shareholders, so we'll target that range and look at where we're trading in the marketplace to make sure it makes sense relative to the other options we have.
James Sullivan: Okay, great. So first, that anti dilution, but really you don't necessarily have, I mean it's got to be a billion? in or anything like that in terms of?
Ryan Lance: No, we're at the 20% to 30%, so that's what we've tried to tell everybody and signal that that's the range we'd like to be in, in terms of total returns to the shareholder including our ordinary dividend.
James Sullivan: Great. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll now turn the call back over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP, Investor Relations and Communications, for final remarks.
Ellen DeSanctis: Great. Thank you, Christine. Thanks to our listeners. Appreciate your time and attention and look forward to seeing you in November. And by all means, if you have questions at all during the rest of the day, feel free to ring IR. Thanks a ton and talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Asit Sen - CLSA Americas LLC
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2016 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP-Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Christine, and good morning everybody. Again, thank you for joining our First Quarter Earnings Call. Our speakers for today will be Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Don Wallette, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Commercial and our Chief Financial Officer; and Al Hirshberg, our Executive Vice President of Production, Drilling and Projects. Ryan will cover the company level comments, Don will then review the quarterly financials and Al will review the operational highlights for the quarter and our outlook for the rest of the year. Before we start, I wanted to let all of you know that we have set a date of November 10, 2016, for our analyst and investor meeting, this year's analyst and investors meeting. The event will be held in New York and we will provide some additional details soon, we just wanted to make you got that on your calendars. Finally, we will make some forward-looking statements this morning. The risks and uncertainties in our future performance have been described on page two of today's presentation as well as in our periodic filings with the SEC. And of course that information, in addition to some supplemental data for today's earnings, can be found on our website. Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ellen, and thanks to all for joining the call today. Before I jump into the quarterly results, I want to make some general comments about the company and the environment that we find ourselves in today. On the next couple of slides, I'll address how ConocoPhillips is positioning to create value as an independent E&P company. I'll describe our value proposition and how we'll compete in a world of lower mid-cycle and more volatile prices. I'll also describe how we're prioritizing our business activities in the short term, the medium term and the long term. I think it's important for investors to know how we're thinking about the current environment, but also how we have positioned the company for strong performance when prices recover. So if you please turn to slide four, we'll get started. We believe that our value proposition lies in the combination of our unique portfolio attributes and our capital allocation principles. Let me start with the left side of this slide. Underlying our value proposition is a portfolio that we think is quite unique among E&Ps. We've listed several attributes that distinguish our asset base. We have a diverse, relatively low decline base production. We expect our decline rate to moderate somewhat over the next few years as we bring on additional tranches of low to no decline oil sands and LNG projects. Growth will come from investments in our large low cost to supply resource base. We continue to analyze and calibrate this resource base as we believe it holds profitable investment inventory to keep flat production or grow modestly for well over a decade. Within this captured resource base, we have a mix of flexible short cycle projects and lower risk medium cycle investment projects. We see a roll for both of these types of assets in our portfolio. And finally, the key to being successful in a cyclical business is to have a sustained low cost structure. Now, on the right side of this slide, are the capital allocation principles that describe our value proposition. Conceptually, the principles are similar to the ones we had at the time of the spin, namely, give cash back to shareholders, maintaining strong investment grade balance sheet and exercise disciplined growth. Obviously, these elements have been reset, but this is still how we expect to deliver returns to the shareholders. Now let me go through these principles. We reset the dividend, but we still intend to return a meaningful portion of our cash back to our shareholders through a cash dividend. In February, we set the dividend at a level that we believe can be sustained through the price cycles, but that also results in a competitive yield compared to the broad market, as well as to the E&Ps. The dividend will remain a core part of our offering and we are targeting annual, real growth in that dividend going forward. We remain committed to have a strong investment grade balance sheet. The recent downturn has emphasized the importance of a strong balance sheet. We've set a target to get our debt to less than $25 billion. The pace of that debt reduction will depend on prices and asset sales progress, but de-levering is a top priority as we come out of the downturn. We have positioned the company to compete on financial returns. So despite having a large low cost to supply portfolio, we won't grow for growth's sake. We'll continue to be very disciplined about how we allocate our growth capital. We're in a strong position to do that as we come to the end of a significant major project investment phase. You'll notice that we're stating that our growth could be on an absolute or per share basis. Again, financial returns are at the core of our value proposition. If we get the returns right, the rest will follow, and we're committed to getting the returns right. So the way we think about creating value through the cycles is to have clear principles that align with a competitive portfolio to generate strong returns for the shareholders. One without the other is not sufficient and we believe we have both. We believe we have a sound value proposition, but what also matters is how we are executing our value proposition for the short, medium and long term and it's important to be disciplined across all three time horizons, especially coming out this price downturn. Now, I'll cover this on the next slide. First, the short term. For us, it's all about defending against low prices in 2016 and 2017. In the first quarter, we raised $4.6 billion of low-cost debt. We announced this morning that we're further cutting 2016 capital from $6.4 billion to $5.7 billion. We reset the dividend for the lower end of the price cycle. We have strong liquidity, including about $5 billion of cash on hand at the end of first quarter. We think we took the right short-term steps to protect against an extended period of weak prices. At the same time, we're staying disciplined and continuing to safely execute our operating plan. And Al will provide more details about that in a moment. But we're running well and our key projects are on track. Finally, we're focused on lowering the breakeven cost of the business. Now for perspective, if we were in a steady-state world of sustained $45 per barrel oil prices, we believe we could cover the capital required to maintain flat production and pay our dividend with cash from operations. Now, this steady state for us comes after completion of our major projects and a reallocation of capital to our low cost to supply conventional and unconventional portfolio. This positions us to accelerate performance as prices improve in the medium-term. Debt reduction will be a priority and we'll target growing the dividend on a real annual basis. We remain focused on safely executing the business. We'll complete several major projects in the medium term, then we'll wrap up production from those projects. Finally, when prices start to recover, it will be important to stay diligent our cost efforts. Our long-term goal is to execute predictable performance in a world of lower, more volatile prices. We can do this by achieving our target debt level and striving to maintain cash flow neutrality. Now, we define cash flow neutrality as CapEx for flat production, plus our dividend, equals cash from operations. As we generate cash in excess of cash flow neutrality, we have choices about how to allocate those funds. We can return cash to shareholders through share repurchases or we could fund more investments in our low cost to supply resource base. Growth CapEx will compete with distributions to shareholders. That means we're not setting a target for absolute growth because we're willing to grow on a per-share basis if that makes more sense. We'll continue to high-grade the portfolio and those proceeds will be allocated to debt reduction, distributions and CapEx. We could also choose to keep additional cash on hand, especially if we thought another low price cycle was approaching. The decisions on how we allocate the cash flows will be based on staying disciplined, achieving the best returns and maximizing value for shareholders. Now certainly, the last 18 months have really brought home some fundamentals for how to thrive in a cyclical business. We believe it's essential to have a high degree of capital flexibility, a low cost to supply portfolio, best in class cost structure and a strong balance sheet. Most of all, you have to be disciplined. The way to win in a cyclical business is to have a low cost of supply portfolio and to be the most resilient when prices are low and the most disciplined when prices are high. Now, I hope these short comments were helpful, but on slide six I will summarize the results for the quarter. The left column recaps the strategic actions that I've just described. The middle column captures our operational highlights and Al will discuss those in a bit more detail. We met our goals in and our important capital programs are progressing well. The right column summarizes the financial results for the quarter. And there's no getting around it, it was a very weak quarter, financially. Underlying performance on the things we can control, like operating costs, was strong, but the bottom line was a large adjusted net loss that clearly reflected the weak commodity price environment. So now, let me turn the call of the Don for a few comments on our financial results.
Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial: Thanks, Ryan. I'll start with our first quarter adjusted earnings on slide eight. As Ryan mentioned, we had a strong quarter operationally, but low commodity prices continued to dominate the quarter's financial results. We reported an adjusted net loss of $1.2 billion, or $0.95 per share, with realized prices down 20% sequentially and 38% year-over-year. First quarter adjusted earnings by segment are shown in the lower right side of the slide. Our segment-adjusted earnings are roughly in line with expectations. The supplemental data on our website provides additional financial detail. The only notable item to call out this quarter is in the lower 48, where earnings were negatively impacted by approximately $70 million, as a result of a dry hole at the Melmar prospect in the Gulf of Mexico. A couple of other items of note, while we have lowered capital guidance, we are not changing any other guidance items at this time. This includes operating expense, which ran light to expectations this quarter. We expect to give you an update at midyear. Also, we've updated our sensitivities in the appendix of this deck. We changed Henry Hub to reflect the impact of last year's asset sales and WTI to reflect production decline in the lower 48, due to reduced drilling activity. Turning to slide nine, I'll cover production. First quarter production averaged 1.578 million BOE per day, which was the upper end of guidance, reflecting increased ramp at APLNG and better performance across the portfolio. Last year's first quarter volumes were 1.61 million BOE per day, but after adjusting for dispositions, first quarter 2015 volumes would be 1.54 million BOE per day. As a reminder, the majority of those dispositions were natural gas properties, so as a result, North American gas represents only 19% of our overall production this quarter, compared to 24% in the year ago period. Continuing through the waterfall and netting out the differences in downtime, we saw an underlying increase of 34,000 BOE per day, or 2%. That increase came primarily from APLNG gas and Canadian bitumen, partly offset by a decline North American gas. This gets you to 1.578 million BOE per day of production for the quarter, so underlying performance is strong. If you turn to slide 10, I'll cover the cash flows during the quarter. We started the year with $2.4 billion in cash and generated $700 million from operating activities, excluding working capital. Working capital was an offset of about $400 million in the first quarter, but we expect it to be a wash for the full year. During the quarter, we received about $100 million of net proceeds from dispositions. Net debt increased by $4.5 billion, and capital spending for the quarter was $1.8 billion, which we expect to be the high watermark for the year. After dividend payments of $300 million, we ended the quarter with $5.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. It was a tough quarter financially, but we ended the quarter with a significant amount of cash on hand and strong liquidity to manage through the price environment. We can't do much about prices, but the key is to continue executing the business well and we're doing that, as you'll now hear from Al.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Thanks, Don. I'll provide a brief update on each of our operating segments and then we can move on to your questions. I'll start with the Lower 48 and Canada segments on slide 12. In the Lower 48, our production in the first quarter was 491,000 barrels oil equivalent per day. That's down 15,000 barrels per day, or 3%, compared to our first quarter production last year, once you adjust for asset sales. The reduction is primarily due to our reduced rig count last year, which is impacting our production this year. We further exercised our capital flexibility in the Lower 48 and dropped down to three operated rigs in April, and we plan stay at that level through 2016. Now that said, even with the lower rig count, we are continuing to realize strong efficiencies in the Eagle Ford and Bakken and we'll keep leveraging technology and working with our vendors to improve performance and capture deflation where possible. In exploration, the non-operated Gibson well is currently drilling. However, that's the last exploration well that we plan to drill in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. In this price environment, we don't feel it's prudent to continue allocating capital to new deepwater prospects, so we no longer plan to drill Horus or Socorro, which we had planned to drill with the Maersk Valiant drill ship. By the way, these changes account for about half of our 2016 capital reduction from $6.4 billion to $5.7 billion that Ryan referred to earlier. Looking at Canada, our production was 293,000 barrels per day; that's an increase of 2% compared to first quarter 2015 production of 288,000 after adjusting for dispositions. The increase is driven mostly by improved well performance in Western Canada and ramp up at Surmont 2. In the past year, we've increased our bitumen production by 6% and reduced underlying gas production by 3%. But when you include asset sales, though, gas is down 23%, so we've significantly changed our production mix in Canada. So moving over to slide 13, I'll cover the Alaska and Europe and North Africa segments. These regions have many of our legacy assets that still compete for capital. As you can see, the low cost of supply projects we brought online over the last couple of years are beginning to offset natural declines. In Alaska, we're seeing favorable results from our CD5 and drill site 2S projects, which both started up in the fourth quarter of last year and are contributing to a 3% production increase over the first quarter of 2015. We also just approved an additional phase at CD5, which will bring more wells online in late 2017. We're starting activity at GMT1, which was sanctioned at the end of 2015, and is expected to come online in late 2018. In Europe, production is also up 3% versus the first quarter of 2015, and we have several more projects underway which are expected to start up over the next couple of years. In late 2015, we successfully took over operatorship at Britannia, which was previously operated by a joint venture. We're seeing cost savings from this action and it's a good example of efficiency improvements that we've been able to implement. Slide 14 covers our last two segments, Asia Pacific and Middle East and Other International. I APME, production is up 36,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, or 10% year-over-year, primarily as a result of the ramp up at APLNG. Train one is running well and ramped up more quickly than anticipated with 11 cargoes loaded in the first quarter. And as of earlier this week, we've actually now loaded 15 cargoes at APLNG. In Malaysia, we're ramping up the Gumusut after starting up the gas and water injection and we're continuing to progress the Malikai project, which should start producing next year. As the Other International segment is exploration focused, the main news for the quarter is from Senegal, where we completed several successful appraisal wells and drill stem tests to further evaluate this new play-opening discovery. So, Ryan started the call with details of our value proposition and strategy and then Don covered the financial results. If you'll turn to slide 15, I'll wrap up with our operational outlook of the year. While we continue to focus on lowering capital and reducing costs, we're committed to safely delivering on our operational commitments. As we previously guided, we expect our 2016 production to be essentially flat to 2015 when you exclude the full year effects of asset sales. This result is driven by some decline in the Lower 48 unconventionals as we continue to exercise our capital flexibility there, offset by growth in the other segments. In the second quarter, production is expected to be between 1.5 million and 1.54 million barrels per day. The reduction from first quarter is a result of major turnaround activity we had planned, primarily in Europe. Turnaround activity will continue into the third quarter, mostly in Europe and Alaska. By the fourth quarter, we expect production to increase as our major turnarounds are completed. We're continuing to ramp up at Surmont 2 in Canada and have ongoing project developments in Alaska, Europe, and Asia-Pacific that will also add to production. Finally, in Australia, we expect to deliver the first cargo from APLNG Train 2 in the fourth quarter of this year. So, the price environment continues to be challenging, but as always, we'll continue to focus on the things we can control – delivering best in class safety performance, bringing our projects online, on time, and on budget, and meeting or exceeding our operating targets. So now, I'll turn the call over for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Let me start off with a macro question. On the last call you talked about potentially adding rigs into 2017 in the lower 48. I know it's a complicated formula, but is there a threshold commodity price that you need to see to add in 2017, given spending and deleveraging objectives? How do you think about that?
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Evan, this is Al. I will take that one. I guess, first I should say that as I said earlier, we don't have any plans to add any rigs beyond the three that we're running in the lower 48 in 2016. And of course, we haven't set our 2017 budget yet, so haven't determined how many we would run there. But overall, I would say that there is no set spot price that we're trying to watch as a trigger to start adding back activity. We'll be looking at the entire macro environment, looking at supply and demand fundamentals of whether we think that any price action that we get is actually sustainable or not. And then as prices do come back, our first priority is going to be to strengthen the balance sheet, reduce our debt. And then even after that, we recognize that adding capital for organic growth is going to have to compete with other things on our list, like for example, per share growth. So, we're not in a hurry to say there's some price trigger where we're going to add back capital.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right. So I think as a follow-up, I think in 3Q you mentioned you need 16 rigs to hold unconventional production flat, and now you're at three. What's your implied decline, unconventional decline or lower 48 decline, sorry, in your guidance?
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Yes, if you look at the overall decline for say full-year 2016 to full-year 2015, we expect it to come in around 10% with the rigs that we are running – with the three rigs.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. I'll leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks, Evan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I have to say I love the per share focus, Ryan. A couple of question, if I may, around that. First of all, on the debt metrics, do you have some kind of measure you're using, whether it be net debt to capital or EBITDA coverage or something like that, that you're aiming to get to in terms of – because I think Jeff had said in the last call that you were happy around $25 billion. Obviously, it's a little higher than that now, so is their some framework that you can give us at to where you want the balance sheet to get to before you perhaps embark upon buybacks?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, let me ask – Don's got some comments there, Doug – if you could?
Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial: Yes, Doug, we're trying to send a very clear message that we don't want to be carrying balance sheet debt of nearly $30 billion. And so, this is the reason why we set a very clear, specific goal to bring that down to below $25 billion. We think for a company our size and diversity, we're comfortable with the coverage provided across a range of mid-cycle prices with that level of debt.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So there's no specific metric like an EBITDA multiple or something like that you're targeting?
Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial: No, we're targeting going down to a specific debt level, and that sort of has an implied debt to cash flow type multiple, depending on what sort of mid-cycle price you want to look at.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you. My follow-up is I think, Ryan, there's still – or maybe Don – there's still probably some confusion around what your sensitivity looks like to the commodity. I mean, in your appendix of your slide deck, you're sticking with earnings sensitivities. I wonder if I could ask you just to walk us through what happens at the cash flow level, assuming there is some kind of recovery in the commodity at some point?
Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial: Yes, sure, Doug. I think, obviously, that these product prices that we're at now, we are not in a tax-paying position. So the sensitivities as you would've applied them a few years ago to try to convert from net income to cash flow, no longer apply. So the simplest guidance that I can give you is just take those net income sensitivities and gross them up for the tax impact. So, if you divide by 0.6, then that will make a conversion, as long as we're not in a taxpaying position.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: When does – up to what level – is that like up to $60 level? Can you frame that for us?
Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial: It's not – this is a very complex question because we are operating in so many different tax jurisdictions – and it depends a lot on the price path that you take to get to that number. It's going to be different all across the company, but I think in general terms, $60 is probably a pretty good guess overall for the corporation.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Neil.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, on the reduction in capital spending, I think you called out a couple of items in the quarter, but just wanted to make sure I got all of it. So the drivers that got you down to $5.7 billion from the $6.4 billion, if you could just help us walk through that? And then, does that impact the way you think about the $6 billion you need to keep production flat in a $60 world?
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Okay. The 0.7 billion of reduction, just about half of that as I mentioned earlier comes from the reduction that we're taking earlier on deepwater Gulf of Mexico by have not drilling Horus and Socorro. The next biggest item after that, actually, is additional deflation beyond what we had already assumed in our numbers. And then beyond that, it's all smaller things around the world in different places, APLNG, China, Indonesia with some small reductions. APLNG is a joint venture because we've got some extra cargoes over what we'd anticipated because the plant's running so well. That extra revenue has us putting a little less cash in there. So it's smaller things like that that add up to the rest of that to get us to that $5.7 billion. So none of those things are going to have any impact on 2016 production, and only a very tiny impact on 2017 production, some those small deferrals. As far as the way you think about how much CapEx it takes to stay flat, the only thing on that list that might impact that a bit is just the deflation. We're still in that $5 billion to $6 billion range of what it's going to take to stay flat. Over a long period of time – Ryan talked about 10 plus years in our resource base that we – in a $5 billion to $6 billion real kind of capital per year that we can hold production flat.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: At the kind of prices that you quoted, Neil.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Right.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's great. And then, I know as part of the work that you're doing into the Analyst Day, you're doing an economic analysis to figure out the cost of supply and the returns of different parts of your portfolio. Could you just talk a little bit about how shale competes relative to some of the other non-OPEC projects outside the U.S., as you think about where it is best to deploy capital, both on the cost of supply but then also on a cycle of time basis?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think we referred to that a bit in my opening comments. We really have been working pretty hard to position the portfolio over the last couple of years into shorter cycle time investments. And when we look at the cost of supply across our portfolio, the things that we think compete really well against any investments globally around the world are some of our conventional legacy investments around China, Alaska, Norway, U.K., Malaysia; and then our unconventional investments, which I think was more the point of your question, around the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. While they could have a gross wide range of cost of supply, if you're in the best rocks like we are and the positions that we are, those cost of supplies are very competitive with anything that we've got or any non-OPEC kind of investments that you referred to around the world today. So we'll talk a bit more about that in the analyst meeting that Ellen referred to coming up to show you, even within our portfolio, there's a range of cost of supplies around each asset, but we're getting to the place where we understand that very well, so we can make sure that we are very disciplined in terms of how we allocate the capital to the highest returning, lowest cost supply assets in the portfolio.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's great, Ryan. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good afternoon.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon, Phil.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: First question was, I think, a follow-up to Evan's question where you're talking about reinvestment. And I think in the last call you talked about roughly $2 billion of roll-off spend from 2016 to 2017 that could be used to reinvest and potentially keep production flat, but you also mentioned now that you're not in a hurry to add rigs and unconventionals. So, I was just trying the square those two items and how we should be thinking about that flexible capital. I assume that flexible capital also steps down a little because you pulled some of that forward with the deepwater decision this quarter.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Yep, Phil. That's exactly right. The $2 billion is what we were talking about before and with the step down, that number is now about $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion, it's in that range of roll-off from 2016 to 2017, so that's still there. You can roughly think of that about that about $1 billion of it is from APLNG and FCCL and about $0.5 billion from the deepwater. But then there are some offsets in our base plan. We have some of these mid-cycle sized projects that we have executing that are going to be bringing us volumes over the next few years that are in a phase in their life where their capital is actually going to be increasing 2016 to 2017, and that's close to $1 billion. So that's things like a Bohai Phase 3 in China, Clair Ridge, GMT1, 1H NEWS, Aasta Hansteen. Some of those kind of mid-sized projects are going to use some of that. That still leaves on the order of $0.5 billion dollars of additional flexibility that we will have. But at the end of the day, we're still – expect that between $5 billion and $6 billion is what it would take to hold production flat over the coming years.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. My follow-up is with respect to the balance sheet piece that you're talking about, $25 billion target, I assume over time. You also have a fair amount of cash on the balance sheet. So I was just trying to understand minimum cash requirements and roughly how quickly in a stripped case, you feel like you could get to that $25 billion target? Do you have a goal around that?
Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial: Well, this is a medium-term priority that we see occurring over time as prices recover. We do have a good cash balance; we're looking at using some of our cash balances to reduce our debt balances and you may see some of that activity as early as the current quarter. And then come October this year, we've got a maturity of about $1.25 billion, and so that will provide another opportunity, but that's something that we'll look at later in the year, and that'll depend quite a bit on our financial position at the time, how much leverage we're comfortable carrying and probably most importantly, our outlook on product prices over the short term, over the next year or so.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Folks, good morning. I had two questions, I guess both really on shareholder returns. The first on, I guess, getting back down to that targeted debt level. Once we do get to free cash flow neutrality and then really in excess cash flow, is it fair to think that the primary target will be reducing debt over and above shareholder returns, vis-à-vis dividend increases and or buybacks? And then I guess the second question, I will go ahead and ask them both. Are there any specific metrics you're going to be evaluating on buybacks versus reinvesting into the business? I guess I'm trying to get a sense is to if this is going to be a ratable type of program or more opportunistic depending on where the equity price sits at the time?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Blake. Maybe I'll take the first one. I think when you look at what we've kind of set as priorities, we've got clearly in the medium term, we need to get the balance sheet repaired and back down to the target levels that Don described. But at the same time, we think we're going to target annual real increases to the dividend at the same time. I mean, to put that in perspective, a 3%, 4%, 5% dividend increase is less than $60 million. So I think we're going to – that will be important to us to demonstrate that as well as we're going forward. So, we'll be targeting some of those annual returns to the shareholder through the dividend channel and also reducing the debt as we come out of an area where we're generating free cash, or we've reached that point of cash flow neutrality that you referred to. Now, as we get that free cash and we think about it, what we've said is we're just going to be really judicious about allocating the capital. We'll make sure that per share growth competes with organic growth that we have in the portfolio. I think we'll probably, maybe a bit less ratable, we'll try to be a bit more opportunistic around that.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Great. Thank you, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Here in Houston, still anyway. Quick question for you on the OpEx side, obviously ahead of pace, Q1 not changing target for the full year, and kind of coming with some of the questions asked earlier about oil prices recovery, you start maybe spending more on CapEx, reducing debt. What is your outlook for the OpEx side? Is this a sustainable level or is there an inflation that's got to come back or some deferrals that are likely to hit in 2017 or 2018 that won't occur in 2016?
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Okay. Roger, I'll take that one. First, just remind us where we've been. Go back to just one year ago in April of 2015 at our Analyst Day, we were talking about being at $9.7 billion of OpEx in 2014, and we set a $1 billion reduction target. And we beat that in 2015 by coming down $1.7 billion down to $8 billion. And then we've taken another $1 billion out in our target for 2016, and as you correctly point out, if you look at the first quarter number and multiply by four, you get a number that's less than $6.5 billion. So, we were on a really good pace in the first quarter. Our operating and our technical teams and our supply chain folks have really been successful at driving out cost. And the focus in all that work, as you were kind of hinting at, has been on sustainability, finding sustainable reductions, structural reductions while also capturing as much of the cyclical as we can, even though we know we'll have to give some of that back at the end of the day. So I, frankly, I do expect to beat $7 billion this year. But we've got these turnaround season coming. There's also the Horus and Socorro decision and that rig was going to be on CapEx, and we'll have about an incremental $100 million of OpEx as we have a stacked rig there. And so, our organization is going to continue working. We've got a lot of work going on to continue to work on OpEx, and I expect that we'll beat that number. But really at midyear, I think we'll be ready to update where we're going to land.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then my other question, asset sales, obviously not much in Q1, everybody knows about the giant backlog out there, but any progress at all you can hint towards for this year?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I'll take it, Roger. I think we said throughout the years, we ought to be able to invest $1 billion to $2 billion. We'll probably be on the lower end of that. I think what we showed in the first quarter was $100 million, and I think we're pretty close to doubling that as we look forward, kind of over the next quarter in terms of things we got in the process to close, but probably be the lower end of that. We pulled some assets off the market where we're not getting what we think is fair value for it. But there are a few more assets that we still have on the market that we're hopeful around. So I think will be at more than what we showed, certainly in the first quarter, but we may not hit the full $1 billion mark that we're – what we were trying to hit at the beginning of the year. The market's just softened quite a lot, as you described.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI: Good morning, everybody.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Doug.
Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI: I was off for a few minutes and so if you covered my question, just let me know. First I think, Ryan and Al made it pretty clear that there's going to be a shift in emphasis away from growth and towards returns on capital with distributions to shareholders important too, although that's always been the case for you guys. So, my question is whether the company plans to use specific metrics such as capital expenditures, preemptive shareholder distribution or some other metric that you deem important to manage to the objectives over the next couple of years, and just to ensure that the capital management plan is kept within the boundaries. Or put another way, the question is really how in practice will you execute this plan and keep us abreast of the progress? How are you thinking about that?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Doug, I guess probably not a real precise formula in how you go through that. A lot depends on how fast from the slope of the recovery as we go forward, how quickly we can get the balance sheet down to the target levels that we're talking about. But I think what we tried to describe to people is we, as the price does turn and we get above sort of a breakeven price, we start generating that free cash flow. What we've said is we think we ought to be investing in short and medium cycle projects; we ought to be real returns back to, annually, real returns back to the shareholder through the dividend channel and then just paying pretty close attention to where the stock is trading in the marketplace, how we think, is it an undervalued stock so we can look at the returns that we might get on a per share basis and compare that to the constant supply and the opportunity to invest in the organic side of the portfolio. We've got a pretty deep inventory of things to choose from, but know we've got a range of constant supply sitting in that portfolio as well. But we probably won't have an exact formula. We won't make a declaration about how we're doing it, but we will certainly report how we're doing that quarterly to you.
Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. Well, I think better balance would be welcomed by the market for everybody, so I think that's good news. And then also, Ryan, in Canada, I wanted to get your insight into the opportunity that you see from the solvent technology that's begun to become available, meaning, is this something that you guys are optimistic about for your portfolio? Are you employing it already? What do you think the opportunity is there for the company?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it's part of our effort to get constant supply in the oil sands down to something that's competitive in the portfolio. I can probably let, Al might have more detail on that, more current detail, anyways. But in either case, Doug, we plan to provide a lot more detail about that in November. But I'll let Al jump in as well.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: I think you've probably seen some things out there in the industry being talked about around that technology, Doug. We're excited about it also. We call our version of eSAGD and we have run a few pilots going back quite a few years to try to optimize the way we use that technology and it definitely works. It's a methodology to lower your steam oil ratio and also to thereby reduce your greenhouse gas emissions per barrel of production, and so it's got a lot of attractiveness to it. One of the key variables is just the solvent recovery and how much of that solvent do you get back versus having to put more into the ground. And that's somewhere where we've had our focus. But I think we'll probably have an opportunity to address where we see that headed, that technology along with some others, at our analyst day in November.
Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. Great, Al. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guy Baber of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thank you, guys, very much for taking my question. Al, you highlighted that you, you highlighted the declines for the U.S. unconventional volumes. With another quarter under your belt, now running at three rigs, your latest view on deflation capture and efficiencies, do you have an updated view as to the level of capital or the amount of rigs you would need to redeploy into the U.S. to reverse that decline and to begin to grow that production? And along those lines, with the activity reductions that have taken place for you, the head count that we've lost more broadly across the service sector, can you just discuss for us the lead times that may be developing for you to begin to pivot from reducing rigs back to increasing activity levels? And how do you think about preserving that flexibility to ramp up over time?
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Well, I should've written all those questions down. I'll try to catch them all. Well, first, on supply chain, let me just mention our overall progress there. We talked at our analyst day a year ago about trying to get $1 billion – that's both CapEx of OpEx – of supply chain savings. And we did achieve just a little over that in 2015 of deflation savings, CapEx and OpEx, from our supply chain. And then we set a target for ourselves for this year to get another $1 billion. And so far, we're on track for that. If you look at actually captured deflation savings in 2016 for us in the first quarter, it was $300 million; that's CapEx and OpEx. So we're on track there, and in fact, are starting to think about our window of opportunity for locking in some of these prices for longer periods of time going forward, as we think about what our cost structure is going to look like as things start to come back. In terms of the rigs that we need, let me just talk about, say, the rigs that we need to hold flat. So we're down the three rigs in the Lower 48 right now. We would need to get back up 12 to 13 rigs, somewhere in that range, in order to just get back to holding our production flat, and a number higher than that to start growing our production again. We have retained the capability amongst our staff to be able to do that, and so, from our internal standpoint, we could do it relatively quickly if that's what we chose to do. From an external standpoint, obviously, there has been a lot of loss of both hardware capability and people capability amongst our contracting community. And so, I think the first leg of returning some rigs back to work is going to be something that can be done in a fairly short amount of time, but similar to us, where we go from 3 to 12 or 13 to hold flat, well, to go to that even bigger number to grow, if the whole industry's trying to do that at once, I don't think that capacity's going to be there. And so, it'll have to be built up over time, and I can see that being north of the year, a one to two year kind of timeframe to really build that kind of capacity back. In other words, I don't think U.S. unconventional production could go back up as fast as it came down, or is coming down still.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Yeah, no that's – thanks for those comments, Al. And then my second question, even though the first one, I guess, had multiple parts, is the view now that longer cycle time greenfield projects are no longer necessary for Conoco to hold the production flattish longer-term through the cycle at that $5 billion to $6 billion of CapEx?
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Yeah, that's exactly right. That is one of the conclusions that we've reached is that as we look into that deep set of resource base, low-cost of supply – we're going to show you more about this in November, just how much that cost of supply has come down. It's dramatically lower than the cost of supply numbers that we showed you last April. And so, it gives us that deep bench of anywhere from shorter cycle to medium cycle sort of sized projects that allows us as we look out well over a decade to hold production flat in this $5 billion to $6 billion kind of range without needing any mega projects or long cycle projects to do that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, Paul.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, Paul.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Ryan, I think that I have two questions. The first one is probably for Don and Ryan. In terms of your medium-term target for the debt reduction, $25 billion, I'm just curious, given the industry, it seems like every time when we have a major downturn, the industry is caught by surprise. At $25 billion, certainly at a reasonable oil price environment, you are more than comfortable to handle it, but given that our ability to predict the turn of the cycle is close to zero, or at least that's the track record. So should we target the debt reduction to be significantly more than that? And in the sense that you position yourself, if indeed, we got caught by surprise and had a major downturn, not only you won't be getting into any financial distress, but you also could take the opportunity to be a buyer and not a seller.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, Paul, yeah, I mean, we're going to be looking at all those items. So when we say less than $25 billion, that's exactly some of the thoughts that are on our mind is, how do you prepare for the next down cycle? Because we think we need to set up the company to be successful in a lower mid-cycle price with more volatility. The added comment to the balance sheet piece is certainly, we'll be watching that and trying to decide, but we're setting ourselves up with a lot of capital flexibility in these shorter cycle time projects, so it's not just – there's going to be other ways to manage the cash. And at the end of the day, once we hit free cash flow, we've got a lot of choices about how to allocate that free cash flow, some of the which may be keeping cash on the balance sheet and preparing. So, it's about net debt. It's not just the balance sheet debts there, but yeah, we're going to be trying to factor that all in, in conjunction with our, both our short and longer-term outlook on commodity prices.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. A second one, real quick. I mean, in the past you provided what is the Eagle Ford and Bakken production. I just wanted to see whether you would be able to provide that for the first quarter? And also the split between oil and gas in those production?
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Yeah, I guess the first quarter production at Eagle Ford was 168,000 oil equivalent barrels per day. I don't know if you've got the split.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Paul, I can come back to you on that.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Not sure we have the split at our fingertip, Paul.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: I don't have it at my finger, but I'll get back to you on that, Paul.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Edward Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes. Good morning. I guess we'll be dealing with this maintenance CapEx question again. I mean, I can see how you have spent a lot of money on these long-life projects which tend to have higher upfront CapEx. I can see how shale can be more efficient, I can see how things like Bohai and Aasta Hansteen and then some of the sort of conventional projects would be lower and looking forward to the Analyst Day. But the question I have is around, I guess, how much deflation or inflation have you included in the projection as you go out over time? Because obviously, the market's starting to think oil is going backup. At some point that may mean costs go up. So, maybe just a current comment on deflation in those types of assets as you bid out those projects. And then longer-term, what have you included in your assumptions? Thank you.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Yeah, I think that's a very fair point that you're making. Really, I sort of said it early, it probably went by fast, that when we think about this $5 billion to $6 billion over long periods of time to hold production flat, that's a real number. It's $5 billion to $6 billion today if we have inflation, and how that inflation comes back in, it depends on what's happening in the market and the industry, then the nominal number can go up over time. So it's $5 billion to $6 million under today's conditions or low price conditions. In a scenario where we are moving back up, $60s, $70s, $80s on the oil price, that number is going to go up. It's going to reflate. And so, we've done some estimates on how much of the cost reduction we've got. We think it's structural versus cyclical, but certainly there's a significant cyclical component that will come back as you move back up. Now, on some of these medium cycle projects, the ones you mentioned, those costs are fairly well locked in already, and so they're not going to change with reflation. The place where it will hit us first is in the unconventional North America, just as that was the place where we first captured and most heavily captured deflation. I expect that's where we'll see reflation coming back first. And so, I also mentioned a minute ago that one of the things that we've been doing to counteract that a bit is in the first quarter, that's when we started to work on locking in pricing for longer periods of time, particularly in the L-48 and the unconventional, where we give up the right to be able to rebid when we think things are going lower but instead lock in the price as things move higher over a longer period of time. Just trying to delay when some of that reflation comes back into our numbers.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, a lot of folks trying to hedge oil prices but they should be trying to hedge costs right now probably. Second question around AP LNG. This may just be lower LNG prices, may be start-up cost but obviously the asset itself is performing well, but when I look at your earnings, obviously everything got worse in Q1 but I thought you might do a little bit better in the quarter. I mean, is there anything that we need to think about in terms of the start-up costs or anything else around that asset?
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Well, at APLNG we're still heavy in the construction building Train 2. In fact, we just finished all the final (54:00), et cetera, on Train 1 and now we're pushing and 85% complete on Train 2. It still had a lot of construction work left to do this year, so there's a still a lot of capital going into that. So, that's what's driving the continued capital injection into APLNG. Once we've got the trains both running in you get into the $40s on crude price, say a mid-$40s kind of price, then we'll start to get cash back out from APLNG.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Paul.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Ryan – hi, Ryan – you presented the post-split that ConocoPhillips as having a differentiated model. It was somewhat inherited as a result of the split. As we go into this analyst meeting, what do you feel is going to be the differentiating aspect of ConocoPhillips that you want to promote? That's point one or question one. And then maybe for Ryan or for Al, this time around it feels like we may be, it may be different in so far as most companies are now saying they'll be less likely to commit to very large high upfront cost long-term projects and more likely to use the U.S. unconventional to flex production. How do you think that makes things different when we begin to – as has been asked many times on this call – when we think about how costs will inflate or not inflate going forward, and how you can, I guess, differentiate yourself in that respect, too? Thanks.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thanks, Paul. I'll take the first part and maybe Al can take the second part there. So, as we are go into this analyst meeting, as I tried say in my opening comments, Paul, I think sort of our disciplined capital approach is still fundamental. We had that at the spin and we'll continue to talk about that. I think the portfolio differentiates itself and as we learn more about the unconventionals, learn more – the technology, the work that we've done over the last few years – we just see lower cost of supply and a lot more resilience in that portfolio. So, I think the portfolio will continue to evolve and occupy a big piece of what we talked about. And then certainly what's different is, while the dividend decision was difficult, probably the most difficult I've had to make, it has reset the company. So we have, I think, we've lowered the break-even for the company when we start to generate free cash flow which is something we didn't have sort of at the spin as we came out of that. It was going to take until these major projects and we got lot through these long cycle time projects, to get up and running before we reached that condition. That was the case post spin, and that's even more so the case now. And I think what's different now is that a deeper and a better understanding of the low cost of supply that sits in the portfolio today was captured, which kind of informed our deepwater decision as well here about a year ago, which was a tough one at the time, looks better today, obviously, but was certainly a tougher one at the time. But it's been informed by what – as we've interrogated the portfolio and applied technology to that – what we can do with the existing captured resource space, and the kind of growth we can see or flat capital for a decade or more just by exercising the options we have in the captured portfolio.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: I guess I would add to what Ron said that one of the things we've seen as we've worked over the last few of years to drive down the cost of supply across our whole resource base, is that we've been differentially successful in doing that in our unconventional, in our oil sands, and even some of our legacy conventional versus deepwater. That's one of the things that's driven our thinking around deepwater is that we haven't been able to drive that – that cost of supply hasn't – the structural part of it has been more difficult to drive it down versus, say, unconventional. Now, regarding your question on how industry comes back in the U.S. on the unconventional side, I don't think we're going to be the only ones thinking that we want to do some debt reduction before we go back to running rigs. So I expect that that along with some of the effects we were talking about earlier, will cause things not to come back up at the same speed that they came down. And of course, there will be that delay effect as well, just as we had on the way down, you'll have that on the way up. I already mentioned some of the things we're doing on the supply chain side to try to manage our costs on the way up. But I will say, we talked earlier, as we get to a free cash flow position and we're judging whether we want to put some money to organic growth versus per share growth versus other uses of that capital, one of the things we'll be looking at is what the cost is doing. If costs are reflating all the way back to where they were before, then our interest in putting that money back to work in that kind of work is going to be lower. So, we're going to be disciplined in managing those costs, and the pace that we go back to work will partly depend – the attractiveness of that – will partly depend on how that reflation works.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Just got a couple of clarifications. First, you all obviously talked about the asset sales a little bit, but just to clarify. When you say you're seeing some softness in the market, is that specifically related to your deepwater package you have up for sale? And if I could add on to that the question, Al, you obviously talked about the success in Senegal. Is Senegal still within the deepwater package of stuff you look to sell?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, we're seeing softness really across the board, Scott. And we've said before we're just not going to firesale anything. And we are prepared to continue to appraise and develop if we need to. We still have some things on the market in Indonesia. We still have our deepwater portfolio in pieces on the market as well. So we are still trying to progress that. Again, we know what our hold value is and we know what value it would take to sell the assets.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: With regard to Senegal, we've had a lot of success there finding a new play in the area, and now we've drilled, we're on our fourth appraisal well right now, so we've drilled three appraisal wells, two drill stem tests now on our fourth appraisal well. And we've clearly proved up high-quality reservoirs with good continuity across a large area, and so there's been quite a bit of interest in that asset. And we'll see what happens there, but we've got a continuing appraisal program. It's going to take some more appraisal wells before that one's done, but we'll continue doing whatever appraisal work we need to do to establish the value of that asset.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Understood. And my follow-up question, on the view of obviously focusing on more production per share growth going forward, is there a situation you would envision where it doesn't make sense to maintain production and do share buyback and obviously, let your production base decline? Or is maintenance for production sort of at the minimum threshold and then you're going look with free cash flow to buy back shares if it makes sense?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think there may be periods of time where you don't put enough capital back in to maintain, but I think over time, we want to maintain our production. We don't want to shrink and decline the production. There may be periods of time where some of that happens, but over the long haul, no, we don't want to – I don't think we want to do that. We'll be looking at what kind of maintenance capital it takes to hold our production flat.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, appreciate that. So it's not a shrink-to-grow type of mentality at all? Got it.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I – no, Scott. I mean, now, that ex-dispositions, just to be clear. We do have some things in the portfolio that we still want to monetize over time, and I think the size portfolio that we have, we'll be in the market doing some of that just on a natural, constant basis. So all my comments are kind of ex-disposition.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Understood. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Sullivan of Alembic Global Advisors. Please go ahead.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just a very – a couple of little cleanup things here. One is, you guys loaded 11 APLNG cargoes during the quarter, I think you said, and a few more after. Do you have the number that were sold during the quarter?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All of them.
Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial: They were all FOB sales.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Okay. So they're all – they're all – so you're taking title as they go onto the ship.
Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial: That's right.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Right. Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just this is a little bit more out there, but do you guys have – and if you don't have the exact number, maybe just what the trend is – kind of uptime percentage in the North Sea generally? I know you guys put a lot of iron up about two, three years ago over there, but I just wanted to see – obviously, you guys are doing some infill work there and playing, too. But how has that trended over the last three years in terms of cost absorption and so on and using up that infrastructure?
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Cost – I thought I understood the question until the very end there. I thought you were asking about uptime.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Uptime, yeah. I am thinking about uptime, and the read-through would then just be decreasing cost per unit by utilizing infrastructure...
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Yeah, okay. I see. I see. Yeah, I get it. So yeah, we actually – there's some opposing forces there with some – we have seen over that period of time in the North Sea an increasing uptime trend. So we've actually been quite pleased with how our facilities have been running there. And that has had an effect in lowering unit cost. But we've also, frankly, have changed our philosophy a bit in a lower price environment where we're not willing to spend as much money to keep every barrel on as we were before, and so that tends to ameliorate that trend a bit. But still, despite that change in philosophy, we've still had an increasing trend. And between that and our other deflation and other cost reduction efforts, have seen a nice decreasing unit cost trend in those assets. You may recall when we talked about deflation at our Analyst Day last year, we said it was going to happen first in the unconventional, and it was because of the way we contracted; it would take longer to make its way to Europe. And so, we're seeing those supply chain benefits more this year are rolling into our European operations, that we weren't getting as much last year.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Okay. Great. So there actually might be a little bit of non-linear effect as the price comes up and you guys kind of elect to increase uptime then?
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: Yeah, there's – if price gets up high enough where we're willing to spend those barrels, there is some potential for some non-linearity there. I don't see that as a huge effect, but yes, there's some.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Just one for me. This earnings season, every company is being asked the same question. How are your CapEx decisions changing now that we're starting to see a more durable commodity recovery? You guys went, in many ways, kind of the opposite direction, not just a cut but a sizable cut from February levels even though the curve is quite a bit higher. So, what prompted another phase in this reduction against the grain of how the commodity has been moving?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, first, Pavel, it's our decision to get out of deepwater. I mean, that's what pretty much drove those $6.4 billion down to the $5.7 billion. It was half the reduction, and then, is just really monitoring the business as close as we can and dialing it and not wanting to spend any cash to take on anymore on the balance sheet. So, we'll defend the balance sheet and continue to wind down the deepwater program that we announced over a year ago.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. But I guess the intensity of the wind-down has obviously changed just in the last 60 days. So what prompted that?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The intensity of the wind-down?
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah, so the pace at which you're cutting deepwater has shifted just since February.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we just made the decision not to drill the last couple of prospects with the Maersk Valiant drillship. So, that's sort of a – kind of a cliff – that's not a wind-down sort of scenario. We just got to the point where we just made a decision internally that we weren't going to drill the last couple of prospects. So that was a fairly significant binary decision.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP-Production, Drilling & Projects: I mean, the more work we do on our portfolio, improving cost to supply and all the other things I was talking about earlier, the less relative attractiveness that deepwater has for us in our portfolio. And so, ultimately it's that sort of thing that drove us to say why are we going to drill these last two wells? We'll save the money.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Asit Sen of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Asit Sen - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks. Good afternoon. I have two quick ones. One on cash margin and second on Canada. So, if I'm looking at your Q1 2016 cash flow per barrel and compare it to potential incremental volumes coming on, so in other words, will the BOEs from Surmont APLNG be accretive to the cash margin? How should we think about that, because I understand the benefit of the decline rate, but on the cash accretion. And second on Canada, Al, I think you mentioned 6% increase in bitumen production. So, a decent shift in production mix. What does it do to the incremental cash flow profile in a very tough region?
Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial: Well, I'll try to address the question about the volumes coming out of the equity affiliate. So, in this year at these prices and with the capital plans within those equity affiliates, we're actually making cash injections into the equity affiliates. We're not pulling cash out. There are no distributions. So from a margin standpoint, that's not going to be accretive to our consolidated margins.
Asit Sen - CLSA Americas LLC: Got you.
Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial: And what was the second part of your question?
Unknown Speaker: APLNG.
Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial: Yeah. That applies to bitumen and to LNG from APLNG.
Asit Sen - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you so much.
Donald Evert Wallette - CFO, EVP-Finance & Commercial: Sure.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Asit.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Christine, I think that should wrap it up. Let's go ahead and thank people for your time and attention. By all means, call us back if you have any thoughts or questions. Appreciate your attention and we'll see you through the year and certainly on November 10. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-04 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey W. Sheets - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production
Analysts: Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to the fourth quarter 2015 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP Investor Relations and Communications, ConocoPhillips. You may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Christine, and good morning to everybody. Today you'll hear from: Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer, and Matt Fox, our EVP of Exploration and Production. We will be making some forward-looking statements this morning, and our cautionary language is shown on page two. That information can also be found in our periodic filings with the SEC. We do anticipate a lot of questions today, so we'll limit our questions to one and a follow-up when we get to Q&A. And now I'm going to turn the call over to Ryan Lance.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ellen. I'm going to let Jeff handle the 2015 recap in his upcoming comments, and I want to jump right into the news we announced today, beginning with slide four. With today's announcement regarding reductions in our operating plan and our dividend, we have taken significant actions to reset the company in response to much lower commodity prices and tightening credit markets across the industry. These are two factors that have changed significantly in our view in a short period of time, and they have important implications for the sector, especially in 2016 and 2017. Regarding prices, there are three factors that are driving our actions. First, current prices are much lower than we expected at the time we announced our 2016 operating plan. This is amid bearish supply/demand signals and record levels of inventories. Brent is currently trading 40% lower than 2015 average prices. Second, we believe this downturn could last a while longer. Just a few months ago, we thought the market would rebalance by the second half of 2016. Now it looks like that can stretch into 2017. And third, greater concerns about global growth suggest it could take longer to reach an equilibrium mid-cycle price after balancing occurs. Now certainly, there's a lot of debate about these factors, but we can't bet on prices turning quickly. Instead, we're taking what we believe are prudent actions to prepare for a weaker price environment and for a longer period of time. Regarding the credit markets, it's no secret that the credit rating agencies also see a likelihood of a weaker, more protracted downturn. Recently, Moody's and S&P have issued significantly lower price decks. The agencies have the industry under review for credit rating downgrades. Moody's has stated that multi-notch rating downgrades are likely and some have already occurred. The consequences of these downgrades are that debt capacity will shrink across the sector. For ConocoPhillips, the bottom line is this. We're going to take actions to maintain a strong balance sheet. We believe this is critical and will be a key differentiator in this business. So as difficult as these choices are, and they were very difficult, we must do the right thing for the company. As we announced, we're taking two key actions to respond to these factors. First, we are further reducing our 2016 operating plan capital and operating expense. Now for the past 18 months, we've lowered CapEx and OpEx levels across the company as prices have weakened, and we're doing it again in 2016, and that's shown on slide five. This slide summarizes our revised 2016 operating plan. It represents a significant shift compared to last year and an even bigger shift compared to 2014. Now importantly, these reductions we're making will improve net cash flow in 2016 by $2 billion compared to the plan we laid out in December. On the left side of this chart, you can see we're lowering our 2016 capital expenditures to $6.4 billion. That's a reduction of $3.7 billion compared with 2015 and $1.3 billion compared to our original 2016 operating plan. We're dropping down to three rigs in the Lower 48 because it doesn't make economic sense to maintain our original level of activity at current prices. And we don't lose acreage or optionality. We're cutting other discretionary programs across the business, which are somewhat offset by anticipated cash calls in our equity affiliates. Our original plan anticipated 1% to 3% production growth in 2016. Now we expect flat production given these capital cuts. We're letting Lower 48 volumes decline, but these will be offset in the near term from ramp-up at APLNG and in the oil sands. Finally, we continued to improve our operating costs. We set an initial budget of $7.7 billion for 2016. We're now lowering that to $7 billion. But we don't believe these reductions are sufficient to maintain our strong balance sheet under the lower-for-longer circumstances I just described. And so we've taken a second and more difficult step of reducing the dividend. This morning we announced that we're reducing the quarterly dividend to $0.25 per share, effective with the first quarter 2016 dividend payment, and this is discussed on slide six. In mid-December, we reaffirmed that our dividend is the top priority use of cash. In 2016, this was premised on using up to a couple billion dollars of balance sheet capacity based on similar prices to 2015. After making those adjustments to our operating plan that I just reviewed, we analyzed the impact to our balance sheet under conditions where prices stay in the $30s for longer. We came to the conclusion that our balance sheet could get stretched beyond a prudent level. Ultimately, we believe we needed to make a tough choice between protecting the current level of the dividend or maintaining our strong balance sheet through an extended downturn. We made a decision to reduce the dividend. This action combined with the operating plan reductions will improve net cash flow by about $4.4 billion in 2016. Once we made that decision, our primary consideration was to set a dividend that will be sustainable through the cycles. We are balancing several objectives, including yield, financial strength, and lowering the breakeven cost of our business. We set the dividend at a level that we believe results in a competitive yield. The dividend will continue to be a top priority. It provides important discipline on our investment programs and will remain a core part of our offering. We believe our dividend is at a level that preserves balance sheet strength and provides financial flexibility through the current downturn. These actions also lower our breakeven price to roughly $45 per barrel Brent. And what we mean here is that we can keep production flat and pay our dividend for many years at $45 per barrel without needing to sell assets or increase our debt levels. This significant improvement in our breakeven price will allow us to generate greater profitability and cash flow growth when the cycle turns. And the combined reset of capital, operating costs, and the dividend will enable us to generate free cash flow that we can deploy across a range of choices, including increased investment into our low-cost of supply resource base, but also including returning capital to shareholders. The reset will allow us to grow our dividend in the future as our cash flows grow and at a much lower mid-cycle price. Now it goes without saying that these were very difficult actions to take, but they will improve our ability to manage through the price weakness the industry is facing. They will improve our medium-term outlook by allowing us to accelerate performance as prices turn, and they will help the long-term performance of the business by making us more resilient in a world of lower, more volatile prices. So now let me turn it over to Jeff and Matt, and I'll come back at the end to conclude my remarks.
Jeffrey W. Sheets - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ryan. I'll begin my remarks on slide eight. And as Ryan said, I'll open with some brief comments about 2015, a summary of which are shown on this page. Measured against the standard of delivering the things within our control, it was a strong year. Strategically, we lowered our capital expenditures by more than 40% compared to 2014. We achieved $2.2 billion in disposition proceeds from the sale of non-core assets, primarily North American gas assets, and announced our intention to begin a phased exit of deepwater exploration. Operationally, we achieved 5% year-over-year production growth excluding Libyan downtime and dispositions. That exceeded our initial guidance for the year and came mostly from the development drilling programs and the ramp-up of production from our major projects. We also achieved first production from Surmont 2 and first LNG from APLNG, which were big milestones for the company. Financially, we had an adjusted net loss of $1.7 billion, or $1.40 per share. This includes a fourth quarter adjusted net loss of $1.1 billion or $0.90 a share. We recognize that analyst consensus was negative $0.64 per share, and we believe this difference primarily reflects the $506 million of dry hole expense in the quarter in our adjusted earnings, which we think is about $0.15 higher than consensus estimates. The FX impacts accounts for the balance of this difference. Finally, we had $7.6 billion in cash flow from operations excluding working capital and ended the year with $2.4 billion of cash on the balance sheet. I'll now walk through our cash flow waterfall on slide nine. On this chart, you can see the major buckets of cash sources and uses for the year. We started the year with $5.1 billion in cash and generated $7.6 billion from operating activities excluding working capital. Working capital was about a $1 billion use of cash during the year. We captured about $2.2 billion of net proceeds from dispositions and took on about $2.4 billion of debt. Our 2015 capital expenditures were $10.1 billion. And after accounting for dividends and some other items, we ended the year with $2.4 billion in cash. Turning to slide 10, I'll cover some thoughts on the balance sheet. A period of low prices highlights the importance of a strong balance sheet in a cyclical business. However, a consequence of the recent price drops has been that the credit rating agencies have become very pessimistic about future prices, and they are currently reviewing the industry's credit ratings using much lower forecasted prices. We should see industry-wide credit downgrades over the next couple months, with the potential for multi-notch downgrades in some cases. Across the industry, this is going to result in reduced debt capacity within given rating bands compared to just a few months ago. We believe the reduction in the dividend and the substantially lower risk of significant borrowings as a result of that decision will help mitigate the credit rating impacts. We are well positioned should we need to acquire additional debt capital. We ended 2015 with over $8 billion in liquidity, comprised of $2.4 billion in cash and about $6 billion of available debt capacity on our revolving credit facilities. We expect to see significant levels of borrowings among our peer companies this year. And our liquidity balance will give us the flexibility to access the capital markets at the time of our choosing and avoid a very crowded energy market for energy sector debt this year. In terms of how much debt we will need to raise in 2016, our current estimate is that we will utilize our cash balances and not need significant additional debt if oil prices average around $40 for the year. By making the difficult decision to reduce our dividend, we believe we are positioned to preserve a strong balance sheet in a prolonged period of low prices such as the ones we're seeing today. While we have been successful over the last several years in selling assets at full value, during a period of higher prices and strong demands for assets, another important benefit of making the changes we announced this morning and maintaining balance sheet capacity is that asset sales are not necessary to bridge funding gaps. That concludes my comments. Note that our appendix includes some updated net income sensitivities and some additional 2016 guidance items. Now I'll turn the call over to Matt for his operational comments.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: Thanks, Jeff. I'll review our operational performance, beginning with our 2015 reserves. Final reserve details will be published in our 10-K in late February, but we don't expect these numbers to change significantly. On slide 12, you'll see that we started the year with 8.9 billion barrels of reserves. We produced 610 million barrels and had additions of 523 million barrels excluding market factors. So on that basis, our adjusted replacement ratio was 86%. However, because our portfolio is dominated by tax and royalty regimes, there was significant price related reserve impacts in 2015. The lower price effect reduced our year-end reserves by 353 million BOE. In addition, also due to lower prices, we've reduced our expected capital program for the next several years. This lower pace of development has resulted in a booked reserve reduction of 111 million BOE. Now these combined 464 million barrels have not gone away because prices have dropped. So we expect to reboot reserves as prices improve. Adjusting our additions for the price effect and the planned capital reductions, we had organic reserve additions of 59 million barrels, which results in an organic reserve replacement ratio of 10% of 2015 production. Reserves were further reduced by 175 million BOE, primarily as a result of non-core asset dispositions. So our total reserve replacement ratio, including both dispositions and market factors, was negative 19%. As I said, more details will be available in our 10-K filing. Now I'll cover our operational priorities for the year on the next slide. The midpoint of our 2016 production range is expected to be essentially flat to 2015 production when you adjust out the full-year effects of asset sales. In the first quarter, production is expected to be between 1.540 million and 1.580 million BOE per day. Production will be lower in the second and third quarters as we see our usual downtime from major turnarounds. And then in the fourth quarter as we move out of turnaround season, we'll see increased production associated with major project ramps at places like Surmont 2 and APLNG and the production associated with development activity across the globe. In Alaska, we're still progressing our GMT 1 project and a winter exploration program around existing infrastructure. In the Lower 48, we'll be focused on assessing the results of multiple pilot tests we conducted in 2015. This will allow us to optimize development plans as we prepare for a future ramp-up as our price outlook improves. We also expect to complete our Gulf of Mexico exploration programs before year end. In Canada, ramp-up continues at Surmont 2, and we have two exploration wells being drilled offshore Nova Scotia. In our Europe and North Africa segment, we'll continue development drilling in the Greater Ekofisk area, and we expect first production from Alder in the second half of the year. At APLNG, we're now shipping LNG from Train 1. We have shipped four cargos already, and the plant is running well. We also expect the startup of Train 2 in the second half of the year. Finally, in other international, the second well on our offshore Senegal SNE discovery had very encouraging test rates. We've just finished drilling the third well and are currently preparing to test. It looks like 2016 may be an even more challenging year for the industry than we have experienced in 2015. But we remain focused on what we can control, delivering best-in-class operational and safety performance. And we are ready to ramp up the development of our diverse, flexible, low-cost of supply resource base when prices recover. Now I'll turn the call back to Ryan to wrap up.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Matt. Certainly the journey through this price downturn has been a test for everyone in this industry. The easy moves were made a long time ago. Today, we announced one of the toughest decisions, but we believe it's the right decision given the circumstances facing the industry at this time. We can't count on a quick fix for prices, and we're not willing to risk a strong balance sheet on it. These actions will result in an immediate benefit to our cash position, create the necessary flexibility to endure a longer downturn, and put the company in a better position for a strong performance as prices recover. So thank you, and we'll turn it back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ryan.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Maybe if I could just start with – can you talk a little bit more about – I know you highlighted some of it in the presentation. But what changed in the last eight weeks? What were the primary changes that convinced you, one, that we were going to be lower for longer? And does this involve a material change in your view on the mid-cycle price as well? I guess what were the primary changes behind first priority in cash CapEx to cut?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Ryan, it was a difficult decision. What drove that is what we talked about in our prepared remarks a bit. The world has changed, and there has been a dramatic drop in the prices. So we're seeing and enduring a much lower drop in prices. And as we look at the fundamentals, it looks like balancing probably is shifting to later in 2016 and possibly moving into 2017. So really it was the depth of the drop over the last eight weeks to two months combined with the duration, and the inventory doesn't seem to be flattening, let alone starting to drop off. And that combined with the last month of conversations that we have been having with the rating agencies, and clearly the debt capacity is going to be reduced. So when we came out with our operating plan in December, we talked about using the balance sheet to get through the cycle. And now that capacity is reduced, the cycle has deepened and potentially gotten longer, so we have to prepare for that. And we made the difficult decision of preserving the balance sheet over the dividend at that time. You asked about mid-cycle price. That's a tough one. It looks like it's going to be longer to get there, and there are some downsides and some upsides to that conversation. The downside, the supply has certainly been more resilient than most people expected, and we're still building inventory. Certainly, OPEC for now is protecting price – or not protecting price in doing that, so they're protecting market share. I think we've seen the resiliency in the unconventional revolution. It's opened up a new supply source that is more flexible, lower cost of supply than some of the other conventional production like deepwater, and certainly some concerns about economic growth. So those are the things for the downside that would suggest a lower mid-cycle price, but there are other factors. Certainly the capital cuts that the industry is making should result in a supply rebound or a supply shock to the downside. And certainly the Saudis could lead OPEC to a different decision whenever they feel like the point they're trying to make has been made and certainly the lower prices are stimulating demand. So there are pieces on both sides of this thing that balance out the concern about where mid-cycles might be going to. In the past, we've had a view of mid-cycle prices in the mid-$70s, but we're currently taking a look at that.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. And then maybe I guess as we look beyond 2016, how should we think about your effort to balance cash inputs and outputs? Will you seek to ramp spend in line with cash flow by covering cash flow and dividend in line with changes in cash flow? And is the first call on any sensitivity around that, is that a plus or minus on the Lower 48?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We'll manage the free cash flow. We'll set a CapEx budget and the dividend level to manage to make sure that we can manage as prices come back. Any free cash flow that we have at that point in time we can send back, as I said, we can send back to shareholders or we can put that back into our deep inventory of low cost of supply capital investment options. So that's, granted, a very difficult decision that we made, but part of that is setting a lower breakeven cost for the company. And we're convinced in a world of lower – we can debate what the mid-cycle price is going to be. It's going to be more volatile, and we're going to create flexibility to have free cash flow as the prices recover and be able to react to the volatility we think the market is going to have.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, I appreciate it.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI: Hi, everybody.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Doug.
Jeffrey W. Sheets - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Hello, Doug.
Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI: So my question is on the business model and the value proposition. And specifically, for most of the past couple decades, this company offered lower growth to some degree, but healthy shareholder distributions through share repurchases and a reliable and growing dividend. However, because shareholders are not really offered any of those attributes today, and I realize that we could be near the trough of the cycle and this could change, my question is how you would describe your new value proposition and also the business model by which you plan to achieve it in the future, Ryan. So there are two questions there.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thank you, Doug. I appreciate the questions. I think we're spending some time thinking about the value proposition as we go forward. I think fundamentally, at the core of that value proposition, it hasn't changed. We're committed to providing a competitive dividend. We'll have disciplined growth. We've got a deep inventory of growth options if the free cash flow is there to generate it. And we believe in financial strength, which is why we need to keep a very strong balance sheet. We're hitting the reset button here a little bit, and I can understand that. And it was a gut-wrenching decision for us to go do that. But fundamentally, I don't think that value proposition has changed. We're going to lower the breakeven cost for the company. We'll still provide a competitive dividend and growing as our cash flows grow. And I think fundamentally, the low cost of supply resource base that we have in the company hasn't gone away with this change. It's still there, and it still offers a lot of investment choices for the company.
Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. And, Ryan, I know it may be too early to ask this question. But my follow-up is, how does the model that you guys are thinking about today differentiate itself in relation to some of these larger-cap E&P companies? And the reason that I ask is because they've produced pretty dismal returns for shareholders during the past couple decades, even with oil prices two or three times higher than they are today. And I know that you don't aspire to that outcome, and it may not be a fair question because it's still early. You just cut the dividend today. But what's the differentiating feature here?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think for us too, I think we have to look at the portfolio. We'll be able to supply growth that we say could be modest, but we'll still grow. We'll have financial flexibility. We'll have a strong balance sheet. We'll generate free cash flow at a much lower mid-cycle price. And we think the world that we're going into is going to be more volatile and probably drive to a lower mid-cycle price as we go forward. So that's the basic value proposition when we spun the company. We recognize that we may be moving down a bit on the competitive dividend than we've been offering in the past. But we think we're making up for that in some of the free cash flow and the choices then we'll have as we lower the breakeven price for the company, to reinvest that into the company and/or return that to shareholders.
Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI: I see. Okay, thanks a lot.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Doug.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: My thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Ryan, I'd like to follow on from Doug's question, if I may, because at 1.6 million – 1.5 million barrels a day, any meaningful growth without committing to another round of large-scale projects is going to be tough in order to be competitive with your peers. So I really want to try and understand. You talked about the compelling dividend, not the competitive dividend in the past as making your value proposition unique. So what makes ConocoPhillips unique today? And I'm thinking specifically about what your first call on cash would be in the event of any kind of recovery. And I've got a follow-up, please.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Again, Doug, thank you for the question. I think at the risk of repeating myself here a little bit, I think we'll differentiate ourselves because of the low cost of supply deep resource base that we have captured in the company today and the exploitation of it. It's flexible. It's shorter cycle time. It will be much more predictable, and it will generate free cash flow at a much, much lower breakeven price for the company. So we'll have choices. We'll have choices to make as we go forward and the recovery occurs and prices start to come back, which we believe that will happen. Then we'll have choice around how we do that, what kind of growth we think we want to generate because we know we have the portfolio to go do that. Now we're not talking about high single and double-digit growth rates. That's not what we're talking about with our company. But we have a more predictable, low cost of supply, flexible resource base that we can invest in. And when we generate free cash flow, we can decide what to go do with it. And we're committed to do the dividend. It's still a priority, first use of our cash, and growing that as our cash flows grow.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: On a per share basis or on an absolute basis?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Both.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. My follow up is on the capital program. So this year, frankly, I'm a little surprised you didn't cut more given the challenging economics across the portfolio. So I'm trying to understand what the constraints are as to why you didn't cut more. And I'm thinking about long-life assets and how those roll off as you go into 2017. I know it's very early to talk about 2017 capital, but you've got what, $600 million on APLNG this year and $800 million on exploration. So what are the constraints on capital? Where do you think that goes next? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: Hey, Doug. This is Matt. I think I'll take that question. Of the $6.4 billion, we have about $1 billion going to maintenance capital, and we're never going to cut back on the integrity of our assets. In major projects, it's about $2 billion, and these are major projects that are well into the execution phase. As you said, there's about $700 million or $800 million going into APLNG, for example, to finish Train 2. There's about $300 million going into Clair Ridge to move that towards completion, and about the same going into Malikai in Malaysia. So these are projects that are getting very close to completion. We've got a development capital program of just over $2 billion, $2.2 billion. And despite the cuts that we're doing in the Lower 48, there's still $800 million of that going into North America as we ramp down our rig program. And then we have, as you mentioned, an exploration program going on that has quite a significant deepwater component next year as we finish our deepwater program. That's a total of $1.2 billion. So we're going to be looking to execute all of that at lower costs, execute all that scope at lower cost. But our current expectation is that will be $6.4 billion, and that cutting any further would not be prudent, would not be in the best long-term interest of value creation for the shareholders. So that's why we stopped cutting capital at the $6.4 billion level.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just to be clear, I don't want to hold the call here, Matt, but I want to be clear. How much of that rolls off when these major capital projects are finished is what I'm really trying to get at. In other words, this year there seemed to be some constraints. As you say, you've got to finish what you started. What happens beyond 2016?
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: As we move into 2017, we see a couple of things changing. First of all, our deepwater exploration program will be complete. That represents about $800 million this year, and we should be down to virtually zero by the time we get to 2017. APLNG Train 2 will be complete. And in addition to completing APLNG Train 2, we actually in this lower price environment are also having to make contributions into APLNG and FCCL. So if you look at the total of those contributions to the equity affiliates in deepwater, that represents about $2 billion of the $6.4 billion this year. And so that's an indication of how much will be rolling off as we move into 2017.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, thanks very much.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, guys. Could I ask a question on moving to three rigs in the U.S.? I think you were at what, 13 rigs, moving to three rigs. The trajectory in the U.S. I guess would likely be down, but much of that being offset obviously by the major project starts. What does your ability to keep production flat in 2017 look like? Where do those new sources of contribution to maintain that, say, in 2017 and 2018 and beyond?
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: So as we move from 2016 to 2017, our base decline is about 8%, so that's about 120,000 barrels a day. So we have to deliver 120,000 barrels a day of new production to stay flat. And that's going to be split roughly evenly between our development drilling programs around the world, so places like Alaska, Europe, China, and some in the Lower 48. We will still be running some rigs and some in Canada. And the other half is going to come from major projects, completing the ramp-up of APLNG, bringing the KBB project onto production, finishing ramping up Surmont 2 and the FCCL projects. So it comes from a mixture of about half and half from development programs around the world and major projects.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Then specifically, that rig count that you all referred to, do you see that materially changing as you roll into 2017 and 2018 at this point in time in order to maintain production flat?
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: We would anticipate putting more rigs back to work in the Lower 48 as we move into 2017, but that's a function of the capital level that we decide to spend.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And as my follow up, when you look at obviously the big cuts you made to both CapEx and the dividend, can you discuss a little bit on how you came to the math on we needed to see a two-thirds cut here and we need to get down to $6.4 billion? Was it predicated on a certain price outlook, or how did that discussion occur?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Scott, I'll take that. I think it's really trying to triangulate on three different issues that we have in front of us, and that is, one, we wanted to continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and minimize the borrowing in 2016, which would lead you in one direction. We certainly had what long-term breakeven price do we think is appropriate and provides for a good value proposition going forward, so that factored into it; and then certainly a desire to keep a competitive dividend as measured by yield or other kinds of factors. So it was really a triangulation around of all those things. And then factoring into that is our capital program and the commitments that Matt talked about and the capital spend that we need to have that we think makes sense for the long-term value of the company. So there were those pieces that put us in that box trying to decide and triangulate a bit on what the right level of dividend going forward should be for the company.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good afternoon.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Evan.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I just wanted to follow up on the choices that you mentioned earlier. What's your target leverage through the cycle? I'm just trying to quantify the choice to deleverage exiting the cycle, which I presume would be a higher priority.
Jeffrey W. Sheets - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I'll take that one, Evan. I think whether it's target leverage or target credit rating, and particularly on the credit rating side, it's hard to answer any thought about a target at the credit rating agencies because the rating agencies are going a lot through quite a change in how they assess the industry and we don't know what – really right now what debt levels are going to correlate to what credit ratings. But I think the direction of your question's right. It's just how do we think about the level of our debt going forward. Just some general comments about debt, if you think about what we've done over the last several years, we ended 2015 with $24.9 billion, so essentially $25 billion worth of debt. And three years ago in 2012, we had $22 billion worth of debt. So unlike some of the peers in our company, we've not really added a significant amount of debt in the last several years. And really what we've been doing as we've been an independent E&P is we've funded our capital program and our dividends mostly from cash from operations and selling non-core assets. And then we quickly made adjustments to our capital program and our operating cost structure as the circumstances have changed to try to limit our debt borrowings, so that's history. But going forward, how do we think about the question of the right level of debt and what makes sense at different mid-cycle prices? So last year we generated $7.5 billion of cash flow in what was a $50-ish price environment. In 2014, the year before that, we generated $16 billion of cash flow in what was a $90 price environment. And you could think the mid-cycle price is going to be somewhere in that range, between $50 and $90. But we can look at $25 billion of debt, though, and feel like that's a reasonable amount of debt to have in either of those mid-cycle scenarios. So consequently, as prices improve, we don't feel like we're going to be compelled to use cash flows to reduce debt levels. So delevering is not going to be a priority for us.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Jeffrey W. Sheets - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer: But we're not comfortable, and this is what you've heard from us today. We're not comfortable with having a plan that relies on the heavy use of debt financing to fund cash shortfalls in a period of really low prices. And that's where we felt like we were going to be if we continued the current dividend, that we'd be rapidly using balance sheet capacity while we were waiting on some kind of commodity price improvement.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. My second question, you mentioned no asset sales are needed to bridge the funding gap under your commodity assumptions. Is that a conservative view, or does that reflect your view that fair prices may or do not exist in the current environment? Any update there on your current process and what that statement means, anything about that current process?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, we've said in the past, a portfolio our size to expect $1 billion or $2 billion of asset sales. We just don't think relying on a significant number of asset sales to bridge a cash flow gap in this environment is a smart thing to go do. And there's going to be a lot of assets on the market. It's a very weak market. And selling into that in a significant – and trying to raise a significant amount of money, we just didn't think, one, could you even do it; and two, is it the prudent thing to do? But we do have some assets on the market. They're ones around the fringes of our non-core. They're typically in areas that aren't – they're either gas or North American gas that haven't been subjected to the recent price downturn on the oil side. And so you ought to still expect a little bit of disposition this year, probably less than what we had last year. But we're still marketing our deepwater assets. We have some assets in Indonesia and in Alaska, and we're still moving those forward. But I think the point Jeff was trying to make is, if you're counting on generating multibillion dollars of proceeds from an asset sale to bridge some cash flow gap at these lower commodity prices, we just don't think that's smart to rely on.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thank you.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Evan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Neil.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So it looks like the reduction in capital spending, the $7.7 billion to $6.4 billion, correct me if I'm wrong, but the bulk of it looks like it's coming from the Lower 48. So I wanted to be clear there and confirm that. And then the reduction in your production guidance, that also looks like it's therefore more likely than not coming from the Lower 48. So I just wanted to confirm that the delta in both the CapEx and the delta in production is primarily coming from the U.S. And then what does the year-over-year decline look like in your guidance for the U.S. specifically as it relates to liquids?
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: Neil, you're right. The majority of the capital reduction is in the U.S. associated with cutting the rig count, and that does result in a reduction in production in the Lower 48. We'd expect year over year our Lower 48 production would be about 10% lower as a result of the cuts.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And the delta was primarily liquids, I would imagine, because you had already assumed that there would be a decline on the gas side.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then to follow up, I wanted to explore Ryan's initial question on what specifically changed in the oil outlook. Aside from the price on the screen, I know you guys have a really detailed and thoughtful economic analysis process as you think about the commodity. Was it a function of demand? Was it a function of non-OPEC supply? Was it a function of OPEC? Was it a function of inventories, or a combination of all those things?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It was a bit of a combination of all those things, but we weren't anticipating a drop from $50 down to $30 like we've seen in the last seven to eight months. We would have probably expected to see inventories at this point in time starting to flatten out at least and not continue to build. So that causes us some concern as we go into the latter half of 2016 and some concern that this might – lower prices would extend through 2016 and the rebalancing may not occur until we get into 2017. And then on the demand side, like everybody, we're following China and the growing markets around the world and trying to see what the economic impact is going to be. The fourth quarter GDP in the U.S. was quite low, largely driven by lack of investment in the oil and gas industry driving some of that. But we have some concerns about the demand side starting to loosen a bit as well.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Thank you, Ryan.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Neil.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons & Company. Please go ahead.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thanks for taking my question. I had a point of clarification on the decline rate that you guys mentioned earlier. But, Matt, you had mentioned 8%, I believe. Was that for the total portfolio? And I'm just asking because that seems high relative to the prior guidance that I thought was below 5%. So I just want to make sure that that's apples-to-apples and understand if there's any meaningful acceleration and how you see the base holding up at lower spending levels.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: Okay, Guy, that's an 8% base decline assuming no capital investment, no new wells to bring on any new production, so it's an unmitigated base decline. And it's consistent with what we've been saying for several years is the underlying decline in our base production. I don't think we've ever said 5%. And the range of 8% has been what we've consistently said. We haven't seen any acceleration in that.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. Thanks for clarifying that that would be unmitigated decline.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: Yes.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: And then my second one was, you all mentioned a few times maintaining the flexibility to respond with higher activity levels if oil prices improve. Can you talk about how despite cutting the rig count from 13 down to three you have worked or have made plans in place to really preserve that capability and those efficiencies and the ability to quickly respond to the appropriate oil price signals? And with the lower dividend, has that price at which you would ramp up the capital allocation to the U.S. unconventional, has that changed at all relative to the prior view?
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: So we are maintaining the capacity to ramp up quickly, both in terms of preparing all the permits that we need to do that and retaining the talent that we need to do that. That's an important part of how we're managing through this downturn is we're retaining that capacity. In terms of the price that it would take for us to want to put rigs back to work again, it's really not a function of any specific price. It's more a view of our price outlook as to when it would make sense. But having said that, within our Eagle Ford and Bakken portfolio, there are definitely attractive investment opportunities that have a strong rate of return at $45 a barrel or more. So although we haven't set a specific price in mind, we do have a lot of flexibility as prices recover and a lot of good places to put the capital and the talent available to make sure we do that wisely.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. Thanks for the color, Matt.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Guy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Good morning. Ryan, I know you've tackled the dividend pretty extensively, but I guess my angle was a little bit different on it. I'm not surprised at the need to go ahead and cut and preserve the balance sheet. I guess what I'm a little surprised about is why even maintain it at all with the $45 breakeven and the current price is around $30. I guess I'm just a little bit concerned we're not setting up for another potential cut down the road if current prices persist. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about how we should think about the ongoing evaluation of the dividend's sustainability if $30 were to maintain for the next, let's say, six to 12 months?
Jeffrey W. Sheets - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I'll jump in a little bit on that one. Part of the thought process here is that we recognize that prices could stay in the $30s for an extended period of time. And what we've done as we've set the dividend and set the capital program and looked at our balance sheet capacity is we've set things to a point where we are comfortable that we're going to have the balance sheet capacity to maintain the capital program and maintain the dividend even at prices that persist at today's level for a prolonged period of time.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So you asked why not earlier, Blake, and we've been following this for a long time. We had a view even as much as a year ago that we'd see more lower – volatile prices. We've been moving the portfolio of the company into more flexibility, shorter cycle time, lower cost of supply. So it's been a view that we've been concerned about really back to the spin. But we've also seen that we didn't anticipate that it would go this low and the potential to be here for this long. So we were surprised probably by the resiliency of the North American – the efficiencies, the economies that we've been able to drive as an industry that has kept supply going. We're surprised that OPEC has held on for as long as they have to keep their decision going. So it's been a confluence of factors. We felt like the dividend was certainly manageable at a $75 mid-cycle price. We have concerns about now how long it's going to get there, and that combined with the reduction in capacity on the balance sheet. We still have capacity on the balance sheet. We'll use that if we need to through this lower price cycle. We just wanted to protect that and make sure we had a plan in place for a lower-for-longer outlook. It's prudent to plan for the downside case. We're going to do what's right for the company both in the short, medium, and long term.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Got it, okay. The next question, I just want to clarify. I think you already went through the capital flexibility moving into 2017, which if I've got correct was $2 billion plus $800 million on deepwater. So that pushes you toward about $3.5 billion. I'm just curious. How does that...
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: Blake, that was $2 billion including deepwater.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: $2 billion including deepwater, okay. The question is how does that compare to slide six where you give a capital for flat production in the $45 world. I'm just trying to understand basically what that number is.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: So what we'd expect in a $45 world is to maintain flat production over many years would take about $5.5 billion of capital, so that's what's shown on slide six.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: $5.5 billion. Got it, okay. Thank you, Matt.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good afternoon.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Hi, Paul.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Before I ask my question, I just wanted to make a comment. Even though your thoughts may not be shared by many and probably may not be totally right, but I actually want to compliment management and the firm for making the right choices when the market conditions changed, and I actually think that it will improve your long-term competitive position. Anyway, Jeff, I think that you talked about that you still have financial flexibility; you surely do. So I guess to maybe eliminate a lot of concern in the marketplace, can you tell us what is your debt capacity you can raise under a BBB rating from the current level? That's the first question.
Jeffrey W. Sheets - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I don't know that we feel like we can answer that question until we get through our process with the rating agencies. Both of them have significantly reduced their price decks and talked about needing to change perhaps how they view the industry. And I don't know where we're going to settle out in the credit rating bands. The point, like I made earlier, we are not uncomfortable with the debt levels we have. We don't the feel like it's a debt level that is going to require us to do any delevering in the future. And we do feel like we're going to have balance sheet capacity in whatever credit rating range we end up with to handle a prolonged period of lower prices like what we're seeing right now.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Do you have a minimum that what you think that you may have that debt capacity? We may not know exactly, but is there a minimum level you think that at BBB you can raise by the debt by XYZ amount?
Jeffrey W. Sheets - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I don't know that we can really give you that kind of number currently. We do have $8 billion of liquidity. So regardless of what our rating is, we can access that capacity. I think you're asking a different question. But if you're just thinking about how you're going to get through any kind of near-term move, we are not in a position where we have to be concerned with our access to credit markets. We're going to end up in this with a strong investment-grade credit rating, with the balance sheet capacity to be able to continue to fund the capital program and fund the dividend we're talking about now with a continuation of the current price environment. That's where we are. That's a statement we are confident about making.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And the second question is for Ryan. It's a little bit of a curve ball. You decided to exit the deepwater program. But with the cut in the dividend, should we be looking at that decision, whether that with your improved financial and operational flexibility, you should be able to maintain your deepwater program for the long haul?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, Paul. We made a decision, and the decision to exit the deepwater was based on a look at our portfolio, a look at the cost of supply, and how competitive that growth engine would be relative to what we were seeing with our unconventional portfolio and the rest of the total (53:48) portfolio that we have. So we think regardless of what sort of mid-cycle price you return to that we've got more opportunity existing in our captured portfolio and that the deepwater as a growth engine won't compete against that in the portfolio.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you, good morning.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just to take a look, I guess, maybe at some of the incoming cash flows, thinking APLNG, the Canadian Oil Sands as well, as you think about current prices versus at $45, can you give us an idea of the impact of those cash flows now to the end of this year to maybe end of 2017?
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: So at the current prices we're making capital contributions. We expect to make capital contributions to both. And at $45 a barrel, we would make capital contributions to neither. In fact, we'd be taking proceeds out of the joint ventures at those prices.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. And then as a follow up, it's not a cash flow, it's a net income driven adjustment for the change in oil prices to the change in net income, just a quick back of the envelope look at it, and I'm talking about the slide here towards the end. It looks like about a $5 difference in oil is how you cover the dividend if I assume net income is a good proxy for cash flow. So at roughly $40, you're having to lean on the balance sheet for the dividend, and at $45 is the way we should think about the company being balanced along with that $5.5 billion CapEx number.
Jeffrey W. Sheets - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I think maybe let me just repeat a couple things that we said today as some calibration points for you on that. So if you just look at 2016, where we said we'll be balanced in terms of not needing to have additional debt with a price that's in the low $40s, but that assumes that we reduce our cash balances. So that's one point. And the other point we're making is as we look longer term at the company in more of a steady state, with the changes we're making in a $45 Brent environment, we're going to be able to have enough capital to keep flat production around the $5.5 billion that Matt referenced earlier and cover our dividend and not have any borrowings, not have any use of cash, not have any asset sales come into that. So you can just that – and then every dollar that the price moves above that gives us additional flexibility, as Ryan's mentioned, to either think about increasing shareholder distributions or think about increasing capital to create growth.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, and just the last question. Certainly, you're positioning yourself for a much more, let's say, challenging market, if it hadn't been challenging enough already. Bid/ask spread on assets, you're saying it's a bad time to be a seller. Is it at least worth now considering to be a buyer and with the dividend let's say reduced to a more reasonable size for this oil price environment not being really a headwind and slowing you down and then thoughts of capital allocation?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That answer, Roger, really hasn't changed for the company. We watch the market. We know what we like, what we don't like. And really the bottom line, like we've said for quite some time, is that for anything like that, it has to be competitive and substitutive in the portfolio today. And we've got a lot of low cost of supply opportunities to invest in our own portfolio that are already captured. So we watch it. We watch it closely to make sure that there isn't anything out there that we want to slip by. But it's a pretty high competitive hurdle in the captured portfolio that we have today. So it's not been a big part, is not a big part of our capital plans right now.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Roger.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: Thanks, Roger.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, everyone. Good afternoon. You've outlined that the dividend was a differentiating factor for you guys, which is why we liked it so much. It instilled a level of capital discipline. I understand that prices are now too low for that to be sustained over the long term, but I'm just wondering. Why didn't you tough it out for another year? Why didn't you just have a look for one more year? Because my concern now is that the stuff that you're talking about in debt markets, for instance, surely is going to affect many other companies much worse than you guys. And I'm just worried that you've capitulated at the bottom, if you want. Was that a consideration? Couldn't we have seen you just go one more year? Thanks.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Paul. As I said, it was a very, very difficult decision. We looked at all those kinds of aspects. How long should we – how long do we ride it, when do we think the market is going to turn? And I think it's informed by a view that we had to plan for a downside case of if this lower price is persistent, we're going to have a longer downturn, and that combined with reduced capacity on the balance sheet. We've been prepared to use the balance sheet and are still prepared to use the balance sheet, but we didn't think it was appropriate to take it up to the edge and destroy it or put it in a place where we no longer had a strong balance sheet in case the worst case happened and this was prolonged for a longer period of time. So it's informed by where we think the market is today and the changes that we've seen with respect to the capacity we have on the balance sheet to remain investment-grade.
Jeffrey W. Sheets - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I think I'll add to what Ryan has said. As you get to a really low price environment like what we're seeing today, I think there's a question of what your balance sheet capacity is, and there's just a question of how quickly you use up balance sheet capacity. And if you stay in the $30 price environment, I think what you're going to see across the industry is people are either going to have to be dramatically reducing their capital or they're going to be borrowing extreme amounts of debt relative to their current debt levels. And we don't think that that was an appropriate way for us to run the company.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Or they're going to have to sell a bunch of assets to make a bunch of money in a very down market, or they're going to have to permanently destroy shareholder value and float equity.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, but that's my point. I mean these are other companies that are weaker than you. I just think that you possibly could have applied pressure, if you liked, across the less strong companies if you had somewhat kept going with the policy. And I'm just trying to get my arms around the decision. And frankly, you've outlined it pretty clearly why you've done what you've done. I just feel that it might be a bit pro-cyclical to do it right here right now just before debt markets get really bad.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I take your point, Paul.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: That's great. Could you just then talk a little bit about staying flat as opposed to any other volume outlook? Again, people have talked a lot about this, but I'm just wondering. Is the idea now that as we go forward you're going to try to grow at a level at which you would grow the dividend, or just anything about the volume, the specific volume being flat? What's magical about being flat? Thanks.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'd say, Paul, we're not trying to manage right now to a certain production level. We're trying to manage to the capital program that makes sense for the long-term value of the company, maintain our options, maintain the ability to ramp back up production. And production falls out of that. Production is what production is. I've said numerous times. We're not going to drill into this headwind. Deferral makes sense. It makes economic sense. We're just trying to set an appropriate capital level to meet the commitments that we have, manage the short, medium, and long term for the company, and production falls out of that.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: We weren't trying to say that our expectation or our aspiration is to be flat. We were just illustrating the point that at $45 a barrel, we can maintain flat production and cover the capital and the dividend. It was really to illustrate a point rather than to express an aspiration.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. And just finally, I've been a big fan of your analyst meetings and your disclosure. Could I just ask you? I think it's too much to ask you right here on the spot, but the slide that you have showing the breakeven of your resources obviously looks a bit scary now because the lowest end of your band of economic resources is $45. Much of it is really set on $75. But if I could ask you to update that over the course of the next few weeks, it would be very helpful to us. Thank you.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We'll take that on, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Sullivan of Alembic Global Advisors. Please go ahead.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Actually just picking up on that last question, I was going to look at that same pie chart myself. And you guys had talked a couple of times in giving answers about what's going to differentiate COP going forward. You guys had talked about the low cost of supply and the resource base as a future differentiating factor. Can you characterize I guess how much of what the opportunity is I guess within that resource base, whether it's PUDs or just resource for margin accretion? There were three legs of the investment case originally, moderate growth, moderate margin accretion, and the dividend. So we're not going to have growth, we're not going to have a dividend, but margin accretion is possible as you replace barrels. So what's the opportunity there, especially as obviously we're seeing a cyclical decline in the cost basis here?
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: We're going through a process just now, James, of updating our cost of supply, and you're right. What we would expect to see is that the cost of supply of a lot of this resource base, all of it in fact is going to be declining as a result of the deflation that we're seeing across the sector. So we'll get that update sometime later in the year. We'll be ready to talk about that. But the amount of resource that's available below $45 a barrel or below $60 or below $75 is growing as we improve our technology and as we see deflation. So we would expect to see that picture improve, and with a lot of diverse opportunities to deploy capital to give us both production growth and margin growth.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would add to that, James. The basic premise when we launched as an independent company around the growth and margin and production, this reset allows us to grow off a much lower breakeven base and make decisions around that. The investments that we're going to make into that resource base, the basic premise, again, that hasn't changed. That resource base is still there, and it's going to represent higher margins than what the average of the total portfolio is today. So we'll see margin growth. We'll see absolute growth. And yes, we've reset the dividend a bit. But as we've said all along, with a lower breakeven cost, we've got choices about how we allocate free cash flow, and we'll have free cash flow at a much lower breakeven cost.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Okay, guys. Great. Thanks very much. We'll wait for the update.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: Thank you.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in. One question I have is just a clarification on the sustaining capital requirements. I think two months ago the number was around $6.3 billion, and now it's $5.5 billion. So I was wondering what drove the reduction. And related to that, you're basically keeping production flat this year at around $6.4 billion. So I was just trying to square those two numbers.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production: So what the $5.5 billion represents is essentially an adjustment of the $6 billion for the lower price environment. We said it was going to take $6 billion at $60 a barrel. When we look at our supply chain models, we can execute that same amount of scope and for $5.5 billion if prices are $45 a barrel. So it's a combination of that and the efficiencies that we've seen as we have been executing our programs through 2015.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it, okay. And my second question is just a question around cash from operations. Deferred taxes have been a big swing factor over time. And I was just wondering, Jeff, how you would suggest we should think about that variable with the strip pricing where it is in 2016. I know there are a number of different moving pieces there, and you gave us some color on the equity earnings line, but I was wondering if you could talk about deferred taxes.
Jeffrey W. Sheets - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Phil. The situation in the industry I think is generally in right now is we don't find ourselves in cash tax-paying positions in most of the jurisdictions in which we operate. So in the past, you would have thought of deferred taxes being driven primarily between timing differences on depreciation between book and tax. But now it's really driven by the fact that when you have financial book losses, you're not able to – you don't get any cash benefit for those tax losses. So I would think the guidance I'd get people to think about deferred taxes is as you do your modeling, if you're coming to a negative number for taxes when you do your income modeling, that's going to be a negative on deferred taxes as well because we're not going to be seeing a cash benefit from that negative tax number
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So is there a rough level of like $35 or $40 that you would think about generally?
Jeffrey W. Sheets - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think it's just going to be progressive as prices improve. As you can see from when you look at results across the industry, you'll see negatives on the cash flow statement, really the deferred taxes, because everybody has been in these tax – these financial loss positions. As prices improve, those losses will get smaller and deferred tax will swing around first to being less negative than zero and then being a positive again for us in the future as prices rise. But I can't give you just exact cutoffs in prices as far as when that will occur.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot, I appreciate it.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Phil. Christine, let's wrap it up here.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen DeSanctis - VP-IR and Communications Jeff Sheets - EVP, Finance & CFO Matt Fox - EVP, Exploration and Production
Analysts: Doug Terreson - ISI Group John Herrlin - Societe Generale Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets Guy Baber - Simmons Phil Gresh - JPMorgan Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Roger Read - Wells Fargo Securities Bob Brackett - Sanford Bernstein Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2015 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP Investor Relations and Communications, ConocoPhillips.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Christine, and good morning everybody. Thank you for joining us today. Our speakers this morning are Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and Chief Financial Officer, and Matt Fox, our EVP of E&P. Let me take care of a couple of quick administrative matters. First of all, I wanted to make sure that all of you saw the note in this morning's earnings release that we plan to announce our 2016 capital budget on December 10th. We also plan to host a conference call in conjunction with that release and the reason is to provide some additional details about our operating and financial plans that will include some specifics on our CapEx, our operating costs, our volumes and also a brief region and program overview. That's a bit of a departure for us but we think a very good and early opportunity to share our plans for next year, particularly given the ongoing market uncertainty. We will provide the details for that call very shortly. Now if you turn to Page 2 you will see our Safe Harbor language. We will make some forward-looking statements this morning, and the risks and uncertainties in our future performance are described on this slide and also with our periodic filings with the SEC. And then finally once again during Q&A we'll limit questions to one plus a follow-up, that way we can hope to get everybody through the queue within our planned hour. And now I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sheets: Thank you, Ellen, and thanks everyone for joining our call today. Before reviewing the quarter, I will make a few brief comments about how we're addressing the current low commodity prices environment, which is clearly impacting financial performance across the sector. This down-cycle poses significant challenges and we're taking aggressive actions across our business to position for low and more volatile oil prices in the future. These actions plus our unique portfolio characteristics are the key to delivering on our value proposition through the cycles. Over the past few years we've high graded the portfolio, organically grown a world-class position in North American unconventional plays and are nearing completion on several major projects. We are increasing our capital flexibility, lowering the underlying cost structure of the business and continuing to reduce exposures to assets that won't compete for capital in our portfolio including deepwater exploration and North American natural gas. As we go through the call today, you should be listening for a few key messages. The underlying operational performance of the business is very strong, we continue to exercise capital flexibility and are further reducing our planned 2015 CapEx spending. We are accelerating reductions in our operating costs and we're on track to exceed our cost reduction target in half the time we expected. We're in strong shape financially and finally we're closing the gap on cash flow neutrality. These actions set us up well for 2016 and beyond. As Ellen mentioned we look forward to providing more details about our 2016 operating plans in December. So while the current environment continues to test the sector, we are focused on the things we can control and moving decisively to position ourselves for a market with greater price uncertainty. So with that said let's dive into the quarterly results starting on Slide 4. The key theme for the quarter is the underlying business continues to perform very well. We produced 1.554 million BOE per day, which is 4% growth year over year. Matt will cover operations in more detail but let me hit the high points.We achieved first oil from our Surmont 2 megaproject, which should continue ramping up through 2017. We also brought on our Drill Site 2S and CD5 projects online in Alaska during October. We brought six major projects online so far this year and we expect to deliver cargoes from the seventh, our APLNG, project before year-end. Clearly, earnings were challenged given weak commodity prices. Our adjusted loss of $0.38 per share was in line with consensus. Cash flow from operations is $1.3 billion. This looks low and it excludes impacts of working capital changes; when you adjust for special items, including the rig termination, restructuring costs and pension settlement expense in the quarter, that $1.3 billion is more like $1.6 billion. So about what you'd expect in this price environment given the impact of higher cost and lower production related to turn-around activity this quarter in our Alaska, UK and Malaysia business units. These three business units had 40,000 barrels per day of lower production in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. These turnarounds are now complete and the high-margin oil weighted production from these business units will return in the fourth quarter. Operating costs were down 18% when adjusted for special items and we'll talk about that more in a minute. And we ended the quarter with $2.4 billion of cash. On the strategic front we modestly increased our quarterly dividend in July. This was an important signal to the market that our dividend continues to be a top priority. We also announced our plan to further reduce deepwater exploration spending and began implementing a phased exit. As previously announced, we booked the rig termination fee this quarter. Finally, we are progressing several non-core asset dispositions across the portfolio that provide additional sources of cash. We'll provide an update on these activities in December. So now let's look at our financial performance on Slide 5. The story for earnings is weak commodity prices. Realized prices were down 16% sequentially and 49% on a year-over-year basis. As a result we reported an adjusted loss of 466 million or the $0.38 share. The lower commodity prices were partially offset by higher volumes and lower operating cost after adjusting for special items. Third quarter adjusted earnings by segment are shown on the lower right side of this slide. Segment adjusted earnings are roughly in line with our sensitivities. And the financial details for each segment can be found in the supplemental data on our Web site. So it was a tough quarter financially. But the underlying business performance remains strong. Moving to Slide 6 I'll cover our production results. Our third quarter production from continuing operations excluding Libya averaged 1.554 million BOE per day compared to 1.473 per day in the same quarter last year. Adjusting out 25,000 BOE per day due to lower third quarter downtime and dispositions we achieved growth of 4% or 56,000 BOE per day. Our growth continues to come primarily from North American liquids and APLNG ramp gas which will soon become liquids priced LNG. On a price normalized basis this should help drive margins and returns. Now if you will turn to the next slide I will cover our year-to-date cash flow waterfall. This chart summarizes our year-to-date sources and uses of cash. Starting at the left we began the year with 5.1 billion of cash. Through September we generated 5.8 billion from operating activities excluding working capital. Working capital over this period was a $600 million use of cash. Through three quarters we received 600 million in disposition proceeds. As we mentioned we previously -- we currently have several assets on the market. We expect several of them to close this year and we'll provide an update in December. As we said before you should expect us to generate $1 billion to $2 billion per year as part of our routine high grading process. We increased debt by 2.4 billion during the second quarter but added no debt in the third quarter. Through the third quarter we've spent 7.9 billion in capital, paid our dividend and ended with 2.4 billion of cash on the balance sheet. We believe we're in strong shape financially. Between cash on hand, debt capacity within a single A credit rating and expected asset sales proceeds we have the means to manage through the current period of low prices. That was a pretty quick recap of the financial results for the quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Matt who will go through the operational performance and close with a 2015 guidance update. What you're going to hear is we're driving positive momentum in the business. All things equal these steps we're taking should drive improved 2016 earnings and cash flow. So I will turn it over to Matt.
Matt Fox: Thanks, Jeff. As Jeff mentioned we performed very well this quarter operationally. We successfully completed several major turnarounds, continue to bring major projects online and exceeded our production targets. I will now quickly run through the segment results and then we will move on to your questions. So let's start with Slide 9. In the lower 48 third quarter production averaged 551,000 BOE per day. That's a 1% increase from the same period last year and a 1% decrease sequentially. Importantly, though this represents a 12% increase in our crude oil year-over-year. We're currently running 13 rigs in the lower 48, six in the Eagle Ford, four in the Permian, four in the Bakken and three in the Permian, one of which is in the unconventionals. And we're delivering more for less across our programs. In fact, we have seen 20% to 30% lower drilling and completion costs compared to a year ago. About half of that’s driven by program efficiencies and about half is from deflation capture. Production from these three unconventional plays was 249,000 BOE per day this quarter. That's an increase of 28,000 barrels versus the third quarter last year but a decrease of 6,000 barrels a day sequentially. As we forecasted, given our current level of rig activity from production from these plays plateaued in the third quarter and we'd expect to see a modest decline in the fourth quarter. Clearly 2016 production will depend on the level of capital flexibility we choose to exercise. However, you should not expect us to increase capital in these plays at current prices. Despite our stated plans to reduce deepwater exploration spending over time we're continuing to fund activity based on existing commitments while we also progress possible monetization options. This is important for protecting the value we've created from our existing program. In the Gulf of Mexico we had encouraging results from the recent Shenandoah appraisal well. We're currently drilling the Vernaccia and Gibson exploration wells and we expect to spud the Melmar prospect this quarter. In Canada we produced 315,000 BOE per day, a 14% increase year-over-year. This growth came mostly from strong well performance, ramp up at Foster Creek Phase F and lower planned downtime. We achieved a major milestone during the quarter with first oil at our Surmont 2 oil sands project. This project will continue ramping up through 2017 and at full production we expect to increase Surmont's total gross capacity to 150,000 BOE per day. We spudded the Cheshire exploration well offshore Nova Scotia this month. And that's the first of two exploration well commitments. Next let's review our Alaska and Europe segments on Slide 10. Alaska's average production was 160,000 BOE per day, an increase of 3% compared to last year's third quarter due to lower planned downtime. We successfully completed several major project turnarounds during the quarter at Prudhoe and Kuparuk. We recently achieved two keep project milestones with first oil from CD5 and Drill Site 2S in October. At peak production, we expect these projects to contribute about 15,000 barrels a day of crude. So we're seeing the benefits of project activity that will help to keep our Alaska production relatively flat for the next several years. We completed our six cargo export program from Kenai in 2015 with the last cargo delivered in October. And we applied for a license from the DOE to continue our export program in 2016. Moving to Europe, third-quarter production averaged 192,000 BOE per day. We had several major turnarounds across the UK that were all completed successfully. And we're continuing development drilling at Ekofisk South and Eldfisk II in Norway. Now I'll cover the Asia-Pacific and Middle East and other international segments on Slide 11. In the AP&ME segment we produced 332,000 BOE per day in the third quarter. This is a 10% increase from the same period last year driven by Gumusut and increased ramp gas from APLNG. In Malaysia, Gumusut underwent its first major turnaround, which was completed ahead of schedule. In Australia, we expect APLNG Train 1 to deliver its first cargo in the fourth quarter. On the downstream project, all the mechanical runs are complete. And on the upstream project 14 of the 15 gas processing facilities are now fully commissioned. In other international, the Athena rig from Angola has arrived in Senegal where we expect to conduct a six well exploration and appraisal program starting now and extending into next year. And in Libya, production remains shut-in as a result of the ongoing regional instability. So let me close on the next slide by giving you some updated guidance for 2015, and summarizing the key takeaways from our call. The title of this slide says it all. We're reducing our 2015 CapEx, reducing our 2015 operating cost and delivering strong underlying business performance. Like Jeff mentioned, this will help drive solid momentum into 2016. On the production front, we now expect to exceed our full year 2015 production guidance. That's in large part due to delivering our seven major project startups this year. We expect to achieve fourth quarter production of 1.585 million to 1.625 million BOE per day. And that puts our full year 2015 guidance range at 1.585 million to 1.595 million BOE per day. And as the chart shows, this represents 3% to 4% growth from continuing operations, excluding Libya, up from the 2% to 3% we expected at the start of the year. The table captures several other key guidance items and shows the progress we've made since 2014 and through 2015. The far right column is our current 2015 guidance and all of these numbers exclude special items. We now expect our 2015 capital spending to come in at $10.2 billion. That's a 40% decrease from 2014, an 11% decrease from our initial outlook for 2015. About half of the reduction was related to market factors like FX and deflation and about half is due to discretionary deferrals and program efficiencies. On operating costs, we're now guiding to $8.2 billion for 2015. And that's a 15% reduction compared to 2014. You remember in April, we set a target to reduce operating costs in 2016 by $1 billion compared to 2014. And what our revised 2015 operating cost guidance represents is an acceleration of this effort. In fact, we've now exceeded our $1 billion target in half the time. About half of these savings came from market factors like deflation and FX impacts but the rest came from steps we've taken to lower the cost structure of the business through G&A reductions, new operating philosophies and supply chain efficiencies. And we're not done yet. We're also changing our full year corporate segment guidance to a net expense of $800 million and that's a 20% reduction from initial 2015 guidance. I'll close by repeating the key messages you should take from this call. The underlying operational performance of the business is very strong. We continue to exercise capital flexibility and we're further reducing our planned 2015 capital spending. We're accelerating reductions in our operating costs and are on track to exceed our cost reduction target in half the time we expected. And finally, we're in very strong shape financially. So we're all focused on safely and successfully executing our operations while positioning the Company to be more flexible and resilient to deliver on our long-term commitments to shareholders. We look forward to providing more details of our operating plan for 2016 in December. So now I will turn the call over to you for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson: Good morning, everybody. In U.S. unconventional in that arena industry productivity gains were pretty significant in recent years but more recent data indicates that we have had a slowdown even though company seem to be drilling their best resources and using optimal technology and personnel too. So while this could be a blip in the data it could also be that technological limits are being reached by some and that science might play a greater role in recovery rate capture in the future. So I just wanted to get your insights into this paradigm or maybe into this transition that’s underway, that is if you think that there is one. And also based on your experience and with your credentials where do you think we are in understanding the shale resource overall?
Matt Fox: So Doug I think from our perspective the sweet spots really matter, so you're going to get the best performance out of the sweet spots. And you're probably right that people are focusing, they are just now with a limited number of rigs running. But I wouldn't say that our perspective is that we've reached any sort of technological limit. We're continuing to see encouraging results from our pilot tests on different well spacings. We're continuing to run our stimulated rock volume pilot in the Eagle Ford and learning a lot that's going to allow us to optimize well spacing and completions in the future. And even in the Bakken we're moving from open hole slide and sleeve completions to cemented liner and plug-n-perf. We're seeing improvements there from our pilot tests. So from our perspective we're not seeing ourselves in any technology limit yet.
Doug Terreson: Okay, Matt. So I don't disagree with that but it seems like the industry may be slowing down somewhat. So I recognize it's hard for you to maybe attribute that to other factors because it's not your company but do you have any insight as to what may be those drivers?
Matt Fox: We see that in other people's individual well performance. But I'm not quite sure what to attribute that to.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Herrlin of Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
John Herrlin: Yes, hi. I know you're going to announce your CapEx budget for next year on the 10th of December but from a portfolio management perspective is it safe to say that you're focusing more on short and intermediate term time projects or and deferring kind of a longer-term type business?
Matt Fox: Really what's going to happen for us John is as we move from ‘15 into ‘16 we're seeing about $2 billion of major project spend roll-off as we complete in particular Surmont and APLNG. So we have a choice as to what to do with that and the additional capital flexibility that's appearing and we could redirect it to shorter cycle or we could just hold on and hold onto those opportunities for another time. And that's exactly the sort of detail we're going to provide in the December call.
John Herrlin: Okay. Next one for me is a quickie. Ducks you're hearing a lot of companies now say the concept du jour is to accumulate uncompleted wells. Is that part of your MO?
Matt Fox: No, it's not. Our view is that if you don't want to complete the well don't drill them. So we don't have a strategy to drill wells and then intentionally not complete them. We are reducing the number of uncompleted wells as we've gone through this year. We started the year with about 135 wells that were uncompleted and we'll end the year with about 95 wells but that's just the sort of natural course of executing our program. It's not a deliberate choice to drill wells and not complete them.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good afternoon everybody. I've got a couple of questions also if I may. First of all, on I guess there was a curious statement in the release about disposals, Matt. And just kind of thinking out loud about headcount reduction, large capital projects coming online, you've got a very large tail of non-operated relatively small assets, particularly in light of a potential exit in the Gulf of Mexico. So I'm just wondering order of magnitude you've got 80,000 barrels a day of gas equivalent in the U.S. that my understanding is you're marketing. What do you think the scale of the non-core disposals if you want to call it that stands at once you get those big projects online and what's the likely timeline to see some movement on the asset sales?
Matt Fox: Doug, I mean it's no secret that we've got several non-core assets on the market including the North American gas assets. But we're not ready to give details of those at this time. We are going to give some more detail in December. But what you should expect is something of the order of $1 to $2 billion annually. But we are going to give you more detail in December, but it's not appropriate for us to go into detail just now.
Doug Leggate: Annually means a number of years on it, Matt. What are we talking about one year or five years or what?
Matt Fox: I would say that on average over any period of time we should be cleaning the portfolio and that could be $1 billion to $2 billion a year. So annually, yes.
Doug Leggate: My follow-up is on Jeff maybe on cash flow. It looks like cash flow was operating cash flow was a little weak this quarter and I'm trying to decipher what was going on at the affiliate level. And thinking about your $60 cash breakeven by 2017 and obviously the cost reductions announced today, so can you just help reconcile what was going on with the cash flow this quarter and where do you think that cash breakeven now stands after your latest round of cost reductions? And I will leave it there, thanks.
Jeff Sheets: On the affiliate level, we really have three major equity affiliates. You have the Foster Creek Christina Lake oil sands joint venture, the APLNG project in Australia and the QG3 project in Qatar. Of those three, two of them are still in a fairly heavy investment phase. So for the APLNG, we don't get any cash distributions out of there. It's all retained to cover capital. In FCCL this year it's the same kind of story, all the cash flow is being retained to fund capital there and we do get some distributions out of QG3. As we move forward in 2016 and 2017 with a startup of APLNG and as additional phases and we would assume some price recovery happens for Foster Creek and Christina Lake, we expect that we would see distributions coming out of all three of those joint ventures. And as we've talked previously that's a pretty significant source of cash flow to bring us closer to cash flow neutrality. As we've also talked before, as we think about cash flow neutrality in 2017, we have increasing levels of capital flexibility, increasing production levels to where we feel like we're going to be able to get there at a pretty broad range of commodity prices. So there's not really just kind of one commodity price number that we point out as what it takes for us to get to cash flow neutrality in 2017.
Doug Leggate: So nothing specific this quarter that's caused the cash flow to lag?
Jeff Sheets: Well, I mean we had a unique effect this quarter if you look at the $1.3 billion in cash from operations before working capital and $1.9 billion after working capital. $1.9 billion of after working we had $600 million of working capital impact. We had the rig termination fee, which we took against earnings but didn't hit cash, but ended up hitting cash before working capital because it caused a shift in working capital. A similar effect happened on our restructuring costs, so when we made the comment in the slide -- as we went through the slides you should think about that $1.3 billion being more like $1.6 billion. It's taking account of the impact of just those special items. And as we also pointed out this is, the third quarter always is a weak cash flow quarter for us because it tends to be the quarter where we have the most turnaround activity. In this quarter, we lost about 40,000 barrels a day roughly in our Malaysia, our UK and our Alaska business units because they are the ones who went through turnaround. And that is pretty heavily weighted to oil production. And when you think about what happens in a turnaround, you're losing the revenue but you are still keeping all your normal costs and then you're having the costs associated with the turnaround itself. So the net margin you're losing when you have a turnaround is pretty high on those barrels.
Doug Leggate: That's helpful, thanks Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Just a couple of questions for me as well, little more specific on some of the unconventional U.S. resource plays, you know the Eagle Ford and Bakken it sounds like at the current activity levels the expectations is production is starting to slide a little bit. Is that true if we remained in this somewhat $45, $50 environment and more direct what price would allocate more capital to those areas?
Matt Fox: If we stay at our current level of rigs in the Eagle Ford and Bakken, we would expect to see some modest decline. So for example if we go from this year into next year and we don't increase rigs we'll see 3% to 5% decline on our production in the unconventionals. We're going through the process of setting our operating plan and budget for 2016 and we'll give you a little more detail on what we actually decide to do with that rig count at that time. But just as a sort of reference if we stay at the current rig rate it will be 3% to 5% decline in our unconventional production.
Scott Hanold: Okay, I appreciate that. Good color. And one other thing on I guess the sales goals, Jeff rather than try to be too specific as far as what you're selling and timing on it but just specifically can you give us a broad sense of what really are the goals of these asset sales? Is it cleaning up the portfolio, is it help bridging a cash flow deficit to keep a strong dividend? And I guess my point is if commodity prices do eventually improve does that become less important to Conoco?
Jeff Sheets: It's a combination of those factors. These are predominantly going to be asset sales that we would be doing regardless of a commodity price environment. If you think about it a portfolio of our size we're always going to be in the process of trying to find the assets someone else wouldn't value more highly than we do. So as we've talked about its things like some parts of our North American natural gas portfolio might fit in that category. The other thing that we think about in terms of asset sales are what assets are just not going to make the cut for us to fund capital for them. Someone who might be more willing to fund that capital would they have a different value perspective on those? So it's always a bit of a combination. But predominantly these are assets that are going to be part of any of a rationalization process in most commodity price environments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons. Please go ahead.
Guy Baber: Good afternoon everybody. I wanted to dive into the production the little bit, but hoping you could just address the major project performance, how those projects a ramping up relative to expectations? And specifically if you could just remind us of the incremental production from those projects latest view in 2016 and 2017? Just trying to understand that base level of growth that's coming on as the CapEx begins to decline.
Matt Fox: Yes, so the major projects are ramping up. And Gumusut is coming in. The expectations we've had the turnaround there that I mentioned which has allowed us to get the gas injection established. And so it's ramping up and getting close to full capacity. APLNG is ramping up gas in anticipation of having the LNG plant full for the first train. Surmont has really just literally just started producing oil in September. And that's going to gradually ramp up over the next 12 to 15 months. So if you just looked at those three projects alone in aggregate by 2017 we're probably looking at 150,000 or so barrels a day of incremental production from those three projects, maybe 120 because Gumusut is already there.
Guy Baber: And then I wanted to dive into thoughts around capital allocation and the deepwater portfolio a little bit more, specifically on development capital towards deepwater and offshore. But do you have flexibility to slow your offshore development CapEx next year, the year after and is that something that you would consider in this environment at this point in time?
Matt Fox: We have announced that we're going to be exiting deepwater exploration, although we do have quite a significant program that we're executing next year. Development of the discoveries that we have in deepwater is quite some way off and we may choose to stay with those developments but we may choose to exit before development happens there. So really what we're in just now is a ramping down of exploration commitments and continuing appraisal on the existing discoveries. We're not at a development stage yet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Gresh of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: Good afternoon. First question is just on the equity affiliates again. In the oil sands your partner on FCCL noted that they are contemplating restarting some of the project phases in 2016 that could add up to another 500 million in CapEx on the base level of spend. So as this happens the equity affiliate source of cash for you guys would be lower and I assume that's not what you're contemplating at this stage. But maybe you could just talk about where oil sands projects rank in terms of your relative priorities of cash post Surmont to the extent your partner wants to move forward on this?
Matt Fox: Yes, so we obviously engage in the budgeting process with our partner there and that's a pretty collaborative process. Historically what we've done here is we've funded the additional growth in FCCL from within the joint venture from cash that's generated within the joint venture rather than taking distributions out. And those are good projects at Foster and Christina, so we'll have a good discussion at the management committee on what the right pace is to develop those. But it won't influence distributions per se because we really haven't been taking distributions out of FCCL. We've been intending to reinvest in the sort of gradual increase in production as we add more phases there.
Phil Gresh: Okay yes. I was referring more to just the expectation moving forward that you will be taking distributions. But I didn't know if more growth would hinder that. Jeff, I don't know if you have a comment on that.
Jeff Sheets: Well, at the same time that they are talking about these investments you have to also keep in mind that production levels from both Foster Creek and Christina Lake continue to increase. And we've been at a period where we've had low commodity prices and pretty wide differentials. So the net result has been some pretty weak realizations. So there's quite a bit of leverage to increases in prices that can happen there as well. So you've got what is probably price increases happening both on the differential and the flat price side and increased production that's going to provide more capability to fund increased investment as well.
Phil Gresh: And my follow-up is just on the production, the increase in the production target for this year. Would you say that's more of a pull forward on just executing on major capital projects faster or is it something that would indicate a sustainably higher growth rate that we should be thinking about for 2016?
Matt Fox: It's not really associated with major project acceleration. It's more an indication of the performance of our base and the managing our base decline and the performance we're getting from our new development wells across the portfolio as a whole.
Phil Gresh: Sure, okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: You've done a tremendous amount this year as shown on the slides, but when we look at it let's say $50 oil this year you've made about -- it looks like a run rate of about $8 billion cash flow. I guess that's obviously not a fair number. Can you guide us towards what the real run rate will be given what you've achieved? And secondly perhaps update us given all the movements on the sensitivities of cash flows or earnings to dollar changes in the oil price. I'm assuming they've gone up. Thanks.
Jeff Sheets: The sensitivities that we've provided are still pretty close. We'll give you some updated sensitivities to that in December that will reflect the latest view. But they're not going to be largely different than what you've seen currently. We're also -- in December we'll be giving you a better picture of what 2016 will be looking like in terms of how to think about cost relative to this year and how to think about capital costs relative to this year. But just overall the picture like we said when we look at the balance of cash flow and the proceeds that we're likely to get from asset sales when we compare that to what we think capital is going to be, and the dividend, we see a picture that is very manageable for us from a balance sheet perspective in order to get to the point where we get to cash flow neutrality balance still within the 2017 time frame within the capacity that we have on our balance sheet.
Paul Sankey: Yes, I guess what I'm driving at is it feels like that price, the price of oil required for that has come down over the course of the last year, since your last update. I will go with a follow-up which is kind of related but you said here that you're in a phased exit of deepwater exploration. I assume that means that you'll be selling out of positions and that will form part of the disposal program that you've talked about which is very significant, I think $1 billion to $2 billion a year. I would assume that that's a phased exit which will sort of be a one-way street. Once you've left you'll be gone and I would also anticipate that would involve selling leases. I know you've got a major position for example in the Gulf of Mexico. Am I heading in the right direction here in terms of how you're looking at this? Thanks.
Matt Fox: Yes, that's right, Paul.
Paul Sankey: Can you just remind us how big your position is in the Gulf of Mexico? Because I know it's top three.
Matt Fox: In the Gulf we've got about 2.2 million acres in the Gulf and three existing discoveries and our intention is to not be doing deepwater exploration by 2017. And those acreage positions that we hold that we don't intend to drill, we will be marketing those positions.
Paul Sankey: Yes, understood. And that becomes then as I said and you sort of agreed, I hope I didn't trap you, that that becomes a one-way street. I mean effectively over time you're simply leaving the deepwater and won't come back.
Matt Fox: That's right. This is a strategic decision to leave -- to exit deepwater exploration. That's exactly right.
Paul Sankey: Great, that's very clear. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Just I think maybe several months ago that you and Matt talking about to sustain your operation is about $8 billion which was down from $9 billion say maybe from last year. So are we still talking about $8 billion given that you have actually accelerated your cost reduction and everything or that this number is now $7 billion or $7.5 billion?
Jeff Sheets: It's hard to talk about that number without some context around what kind of environment we think we're in. If we had a continuation of the type of environment we've seen today, we do think we'd be talking about a number that was smaller than $8 billion. But it's in that same kind of range.
Paul Cheng: And maybe this is for Matt. You are currently running about 13 rigs and you're saying that the third quarter production -- the fourth quarter production will be modestly down. So my guess is that, what is the number of rigs that you think you need in order to hold the production flat? And what kind of CapEx requires that you have that kind of program?
Matt Fox: So to keep Eagle Ford production flat probably requires between seven and eight rigs. Currently we're running six. The Bakken requires about closer to five rigs. We're currently running four. So you'd be looking at maybe three additional rigs to maintain production flat. And if you look at all-in cost, drill complete hook-up and so on you can use an order of magnitude of $150 million.
Paul Cheng: An additional 150 million?
Matt Fox: No, per rig line per year. So maybe $400 million.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: I guess come back around on the Gulf of Mexico or just deepwater in general you mentioned earlier on the call you had a further appraisal in Shenandoah. Should we think of the exit of exploration also including the exit of not yet developed but partially explored?
Matt Fox: Possibly but only if we get full value for it. We're willing to stay in our discoveries if that's what maximizes the value. So we haven't made a commitment to exit deepwater per se but it's the deepwater exploration but if we saw full value for those assets then we'd certainly consider that.
Roger Read: Okay. And can you give us an idea of what the capital flexibility is once you're away from deepwater exploration or any other type of exploration you're not planning to do by ‘17? And then if I understood correctly it doesn't sound like the oil sands necessarily gets incremental CapEx and we can presume that there is not another LNG project. So as we look at the total CapEx number sort of as I guess a starting point for when you talk about it in December kind of where we can see that CapEx flexibility that could come back in to the shale plays in future years?
Matt Fox: Well I guess to give you a bit of a preview of the 2016 budget we expect to spend about $800 million in 2016 in the deepwater exploration and appraisal space. And so that's the order of magnitude on the capital side that we wouldn't be spending if we weren't doing deepwater exploration and appraisal for one year. And then there's G&G and G&A associated with that as well.
Jeff Sheets: And that number Matt noted is a fairly consistent number with what we're spending there in 2015 as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bob Brackett of Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Bob Brackett: Hi, I've got kind of a high level, more philosophic question on the 2016 capital plan ahead of getting the details. One is simple, what sort of price stick would you be looking at in terms of thinking about your cash flow from operations next year?
Jeff Sheets: We don't have one price stick that we use. As we talk about we are preparing the company to deal with low and volatile prices, so we're going to be ready to handle whether we get a continuation of current prices, whether we get some recovery that's not really going to be a determining factor in exactly where we set our capital program.
Bob Brackett: Okay. And then how do you prioritize the sources of cash for that program and the sort of sinks or the uses of cash? What's the pecking order?
Jeff Sheets: So we're going to use cash flow from operations to fund the capital and the dividend. We're going to have some amount of asset sales proceeds that come in from things that we're currently marketing and other things that we might market. We're going to, we will first use the cash that's on our balance sheet and then to the extent that cash from operations and asset sales don't fully fund capital in the dividend we'll be looking to increase debt. I mean that it's just a mechanic of what's going to end up happening for us. And as we said as we look at the amount of debt that we might need to raise even in some continuations of some pretty tough price environments we feel comfortable that that capacity exists on our balance sheet. And it really exists within a single A credit rating as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Good morning. I had two questions but if I could first just kind of confirm Ellen, the December 10th capital update, is that in lieu of the typical Analyst Day we would have in April?
Ellen DeSanctis: We're still thinking about all that but our big concern here is not asking the market to wait until April to see the details of what our current year plan is. So at this point you can count on December being a pretty big update on the company's plans and programs for the year.
Blake Fernandez: In the past I believe you've provided some kind of rate of return or breakeven levels for the major projects including Surmont and APLNG and seeing how those are two kind of major contributors near-term I'm just wondering could you provide us with an update as far as what you think a breakeven price is for oil, whether those are actually accretive to net income or earnings per share?
Jef f Sheets: I don't have that off the top of my head.
Blake Fernandez: That's fine. That's fine. Maybe I can follow up with…
Jef f Sheets: Yes, we can come back to you on that
Blake Fernandez: Not a problem. I will get back with side on that. The last one is just kind of more of a broader picture question I guess. I'm just curious if the Board ever has a discussion about the shareholder payout. I know you're very committed to the dividend and you're trying to maintain that shareholder base. But when you look at the stock trading from the call it mid-80s down into the 50s, is there any consideration whatsoever to maybe shift that ratio towards maybe a buyback program or even toward capturing M&A opportunities instead of pure dividend payout?
Jeff Sheets: We've been pretty consistent. Since we started ConocoPhillips as an independent E&P, we thought the way to create value in the business, was a combination of moderate growth and strong payouts back to our shareholders in the form of a dividend. We think of a dividend as something that really should only go one direction and there can be some variability in the rate at which dividend increases. But the key to a dividend is to have it be consistent and to grow it over time. So we haven't really had significant discussion to talk about trying to adjust the dividend. It's an important part of our value proposition. It puts a lot of discipline into the system to have that dividend. So you've heard us talk about it pretty consistently. You're going to continue to hear us talk about that as a key component of our value proposition.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: So I want to start off on the LNG market, been a lot of debate and discussion around that. We've got APLNG coming in here in the next couple of weeks, so any thoughts on the LNG markets broadly? And then there has been some investor concern around Sinopec and the APLNG contracts. Just any updated thoughts there and anything you can say that can help investors get comfort around that risk?
Matt Fox: Clearly, the short-term LNG market is pretty weak. Whether you're tied to oil prices or you're in the spot market it's a pretty weak price that we're getting for LNG going forward. And there's not a lot that we can do about that. But with respect to the Sinopec contract at APLNG, so that's a take-or-pay contract. Sinopec have the right to divert cargoes within China. We've also given them the right to divert cargoes outside China but as a take-or-pay contract and with a price formula that's tied to oil. Then we have got no reason to believe that there is any issue with that contract. Sinopec in fact is a 25% shareholder in APLNG on the upstream project. So we don't have any concerns if that's what you're indicating about the sanctity of that contract.
Neil Mehta: And then Jeff, on the operating and CapEx reductions that were announced relative to the July guidance, can you just help bridge the gap from what are the drivers that get you from $8.9 billion to $8.2 billion and then on the CapEx side from $11 billion to $10.2 billion where are all the cats and dogs there?
Jeff Sheets: We just put it in kind of broad categories. Like we talked about before it's really the same things that have brought it down the first increment. It's a mix of what we'd call macro factors, just continued deflation out there in the industry and also continued strength of the U.S. dollar, lowering both our capital and operating costs in Canada, Norway and Australia. But it's also it's about half that and it's about half things that we're doing, efficiencies that we're forcing through the system, changes that we're making in to how we run the Company, lower employee headcount numbers. It's really more of the same compared to the reductions that took the first increment of our guidance down.
Neil Mehta: That's great. And one last question from me. You guys have the advantage of seeing the world when it comes to oil production. Curious on your views and when we're going to see non-OPEC ex-U.S. production really start to fall off and the decline rates start to materialize, which is going to be central to rebalancing these markets.
Matt Fox: I'm not sure when we're going to see it, but it's going to come Neil. And the people are adjusting their capital programs where they have the flexibility to do that. So that will be things like infill drilling where they have rig contract flexibility. People are exercising operating cost flexibility, too, which means less work-overs, less spinning spheres and so on. So over time that's going to materialize in the non-OPEC non-U.S. production, but exactly when and what magnitude is hard to tell, that is coming.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Edward Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward Westlake: Couple of quick ones, disposals $1 billion to $2 billion, probably there was some disposals in your prior plan to get to 1.7 million barrels a day. But can you just give us a sort of maybe an endpoint kind of impact that it might make as you reshape the outlook?
Matt Fox: The 1.7 million barrels a day in 2017 that we talked about in April there was no assumption of dispositions in that. We would make an adjustment there from when we know exactly what assets are moving out of the portfolio. And we're not ready to give you a number yet because we don't know exactly which of the mix of assets that we have on the market are actually going to achieve an acceptable price. We will give you some more indication of where that's heading hopefully in December but it's too early for us to do that now. And that's one of the reasons we really don't talk about the dispositions until they close. Because you can't know exactly which of the assets that are being considered for sale are actually achieving the price that they need to make it acceptable for us to sell them.
Edward Westlake: Okay and then so I can see how the production and cash flow moving parts move around with these sort of long-lived assets coming in which lower decline rates, plus obviously some short cycle production which you can attack both in conventional and also in Shale. But obviously reserve replacement is also something that people focus. I don't know if you've done any long range work as to if you're spending $8 billion at the low end as the CapEx drops out what reserve replacement looks like say 2017 onwards or what are the big sources that you can actually replace reserves at that point?
Matt Fox: We have this 44 billion barrel resource base that we've described in some length in April. The 18 billion of that has less than a $60 cost of supply, so there is lots of sources to continue to convert that resource base and the reserves as we go through the next few years. Is that the question you were getting at, Ed? So the point is that converting that resource base over time as we execute our capital programs is what's going to result in growth in the reserve base.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Good afternoon everybody. Maybe if I could talk a little bit about CapEx, the run rate in the third quarter of $2.2 billion, so annualized at an $8.8 billion run rate. How should we think about, maybe this is too much preview, but how should we think about moving pieces into 2016? Is that I mean it's meaningfully down from the first half of the year. Is that a reasonable run rate going forward? Is there still meaningful long cycle roll-off out of that number that will be cycled into short cycle or is much of that rolling off by this point? Anything on kind of the puts and takes as we look forward to the 3Q run rate?
Matt Fox: We still have capital going into major projects that will reduce significantly as we go into next year. So I think the easiest way to think about it Ryan is the $2 billion sort of number that we've been talking about in terms of the average capital going into major projects this year that's rolling off next year. So I wouldn't get too hung up on the run rate in the third quarter but more think about it as that sort of amount of major project capital rolling off from ‘15 to ‘16.
Ryan Todd: And then I guess a follow-up on a couple of questions ago in terms of the operating cost reductions. You've been well ahead of schedule with the $1 billion over two years turning into $1.5 billion effectively in one year. How much of that I mean if you think of that $1.5 billion, I mean how much of that is kind of structural versus cyclical? And as you look forward into 2016 I guess on the cyclical portion, do you have any thoughts on which way it cycles and is there more downside to that number going forward?
Jeff Sheets: Well, the cyclical part of it is driven primarily by foreign exchange and just deflation that we've seen in the industry. So to answer your question you've got to answer that in the context of our price level. So if we continue to have weak prices that's not going to cycle up in a period of weak prices. We probably have a period of weak prices, it may also mean that we continue to have a fairly strong U.S. dollar. So I don't know where you'd draw the line between cyclical and structural but if you're thinking about near-term if you think in terms of a continued weak price environment we don't really expect those to cycle back. But just in the overall general context like we've talked before we see about half of what's happened is kind of macro factors like deflation and FX and generally half has things that we're doing within the way we operate the business which are kind of more structural in nature.
Ryan Todd: And do you think there is more I guess on the non-cyclical side is there do you view there as being more to go still in 2016? Or have you pulled forward the line share of what you thought you'd be able to achieve?
Matt Fox: We've pulled forward a lot of it but there's still more to come. And we're going to give you the details in December on that.
Operator: Our next question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: Good afternoon guys. Thanks for squeezing me in here at the top of the hour. It's a philosophical question more on total returns. And I know you guys have made significant CapEx cuts outpacing deflation. Yet combined with asset sales do you view a risk or how do you balance a risk to a negative medium or longer term production growth, so that I mean I guess the risk is that dividend yield merges with total shareholder return type of metric in the future?
Jeff Sheets: I'm not sure if I followed your question Evan. If you think about in the near term we are going to benefit from capital that we've been investing over the last several years so that we are going to continue to have production growth from these major projects that will provide cash flow growth as well. If you do think about a longer-term lower price environment then you're in the realm of trying to anticipate what might happen with overall operating costs in the industry.
Matt Fox: And then from the asset sales perspective, we're not intending to sell assets that have growing production and cash flow.
Evan Calio: I guess the question and I will leave it there, so it relates to you're making significant cuts and the cuts are driven partially with the commitment to the dividend and at what point are you cutting muscle? I know you run a lot of different scenarios and I believe the security of the dividend at most prices but what's the cost as it relates to those sales in regard to the longer term outlook of either growth or asset value? I'll leave it at that.
Jeff Sheets: I think it gets back to a comment that we had earlier about what motivates a lot of the asset sales. A lot of the asset sales are driven by normal portfolio rationalization. Of course, we generate asset sales proceeds from that but if you look back, if you look at what we're selling now, if you look back at what we've historically sold I think you can understand why we would think of those nonstrategic assets which we got better value for by selling them than we would have had by keeping them inside the portfolio and that's the main driver for asset sales. As you think about things like the deepwater decision, that's driven as much by the opportunity that we see in the rest of our portfolio as it is by thinking about just deepwater on its own. The resource base that we feel like we have and what are we going to want to prioritize in terms of funding capital is what's been a big driver for that decision.
Evan Calio: Great. I'll leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Jeff Sheets: We don't feel like we're doing things in this environment, which are going to not be beneficial to the long term ability to grow production and grow cash flows and grow the dividend.
Evan Calio: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Sullivan of Alembic Global Advisors. Please go ahead.
James Sullivan: Hey, good afternoon guys. Thanks again for sneaking me in, just a quick one here, obviously going back to APLNG I see that the ramp gas is coming up nicely. I also notice that the equity gas realizations in Asia-Pacific are dropping. I'm assuming that's because the ramp gas is getting sold at domestic gas prices. Can you quantify at all if possible and you could just maybe use a Q3 constant pricing for this, but what the uplift would be if that ramp gas is being sold as LNG under your contracts?
Matt Fox: I don't have that off the top of my head, James. You're right the ramp gas as we're building up to fill Train 1 is getting sold at domestic prices essentially. And then the netback once we get to LNG will clearly be a function of what the oil price is really at that time because these are linked to JCC. But I don't have that number at the top of my head.
Jeff Sheets: But generally you can think that the price we're receiving for Australian gas in the domestic gas market is not any stronger than what we get for what we sell into the North American gas market. So there's a pretty significant uplift even in the current market, in the current oil price market to move that to LNG.
James Sullivan: Because I guess it was just trying to see whether it was a lot lower or if there was a contractually lower rate or anything like that. But it sounds like it's maybe just about what you'd expect for domestic, one just quick last one there. Obviously, I saw that you guys got the go ahead up in Alaska for some of the NPR drilling. Can you guys give a little update there? I know Greater Mooses Tooth some of these are longer dated projects, but what the timeframe and potential impact for some of those projects are? And I will take it off-line after that.
Matt Fox: Yes so we announced that the first production from the NPR-A from the CD5 project started just a week or so ago, less than a week ago. We did get approval from the government for the permits that we need to develop the GMT1 prospect, so the first prospect inside the Greater Mooses Tooth unit. And we're working through the process of deciding the sanction of that project but that sanction decision hasn't been made yet.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to the company for closing comments.
Matt Fox: Okay, I'd just like to make a couple of closing comments. Because we all know this is a difficult time for the industry but we at ConocoPhillips we're focused on what we can control and that's our production, our capital and our operating cost. As we outlined today we're moving all those quickly in the right direction. But we're really not just focused on the short-term. When we look at what it's going to take to win in a more cyclical and volatile future we think it's a diverse low decline production base that gives us stable source of funding to sustain the dividend and we have that. We think you want a large low cost supply resource base that provides a balance of flexible short cycle investment options, so you can scale your growth to higher or lower prices but also has a lower risk long-term projects that can add to the low decline base and we have that in our portfolio. We also think you need a sustainable low cost structure to make sure your margins are resilient to lower prices and you saw today we're taking a lot of action to get there. We think you need a strong balance sheet so that you can withstand the low phases of the cycle and we have that. And then we think that you need to prioritize return of capital to the shareholders to get them a real return and to install capital discipline. And that's what we are doing. So I think that we have the portfolio, the strategy and the commitment to deliver all of the things that are required for a company in our industry to win in this more cyclical and volatile future. So thanks for your interest and your questions.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, everybody. And feel free to call back if you have any follow-up. Thank you. Thank you, Christine.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production
Analysts: Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Blake M. Fernandez - Howard Weil, Inc. Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd. John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC Jason D. Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd. Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2015 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP-Investor Relations and Communications, ConocoPhillips.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thank you, Christine, and hello to all of our participants today. With me on the call are Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Fox, our EVP of E&P. Ryan's going to open the call this morning with some comments about the general business environment and then will turn the call over to Jeff and Matt for their customary second quarter comments. Q&A will follow that and we are going to ask that people limit their questions to one plus one follow-up. We will make some forward-looking statements this morning. And obviously our future performance could differ from our projections due to risks and uncertainties. Those are described on page 2 of this morning's material and in our periodic filings with the SEC. This information as well as our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations and other supplemental information can be found on our website. And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ellen and thank you all for joining the call today. As Ellen said, before we dive into the second-quarter results, I want to take the opportunity to provide some broad comments about our approach to the business in the current price environment. So let me give you the punch line of these comments, the dividend is safe. Let me repeat that, the dividend is safe. The business is running well, we have increasing flexibility and can achieve cash flow neutrality in 2017 and beyond at today's strip price of roughly $60 per barrel Brent. And we have a unique formula for sustainable performance and a portfolio that can deliver. Now let me put a little bit of meat on the bones. Weak prices have certainly dealt us and the industry a significant headwind, but the reality is we don't control prices. That said, there are many things we do control like how much capital we return to the shareholders, how much and where we spend the capital and the cost of running the business. And rest assured, ConocoPhillips is laser focused on the things we can control. We cut our capital early in the cycle, not just for this year but for three years. We took a $1 billion cost-cutting challenge and we recently reduced spending for new deepwater opportunities. And we did this while continuing to meet our operational targets, raising our dividend modestly to continue to meet our commitment to shareholders. Our ability to make these decisions is not accidental. Over the past few years we've built a sizable portfolio and resource base, flexibility, options and choices. It's a huge advantage at times like these. Just as importantly, we're navigating the sharp downturn with a focus not just on the short-term measures but also a focus on the medium and the long-term horizons. This is really important and frankly it's hard to do. So if you turn to slide four, let me provide some perspective on how we're simultaneously managing across these time horizons. First, the short term is all about safely executing the business. That means delivering on our current performance targets. As Jeff and Matt will cover, we're meeting or exceeding our short-term goals and as you saw in this morning's announcement, we're lowering guidance on operating cost and reducing our capital guidance for 2015. That represents a significant benefit to net cash flow for the year. We also recently increased our quarterly dividend. The increase was very modest, representing about $25 million impact in 2015. While every dollar matters, we believe this was an important message for our shareholders. At the same time, we're also paying close attention to the medium-term. And the medium-term for us is all about managing the path to cash flow neutrality in 2017. In addition to the short-term items I just mentioned we continue to focus on ways to increase our capital flexibility. If the current price environment persists, we have the flexibility to reduce our near-term capital spend below $11.5 billion and still achieve modest growth. Now stay tuned for more on this as we see where the commodity prices head later in the year. Also, we're focused on maintaining our balance sheet strength. We have additional capacity and ample access to liquidity. And as we've continuously said, we expect a company of our size would generate about $1 billion of asset sales annually from pruning the portfolio. That's an additional source of cash and good business. Finally, we announced a $1 billion operating cost reduction challenge for 2016 and we're on track to meet or exceed that target. These actions will help our medium-term performance but also drive sustainable improvements beyond 2017. And that brings me to the long-term, the actions we are taking to ensure our long-term success include maintaining our capital flexibility, lowering the cost of supply across the portfolio and shortening the cycle time of our investments. These are criteria that are guiding our decisions and these were the drivers behind the recent decision to reduce our deepwater spending, which Matt will discuss in more detail. So that's how we're managing the business through this period, by simultaneously focusing on the short, medium and long-term horizons. And we're doing it in a way that I believe meets our commitments to our shareholders and honors our priorities of a growing dividend, a strong balance sheet and growth that we can afford. Now ultimately, our goal is to position the company for sustainable performance and this point is demonstrated on the next slide. Now we know what's on everybody's mind. What if prices stay lower for longer? Well, the left side of this chart lays out our answer. We believe we can achieve cash flow neutrality in 2017 and beyond through exercising capital flexibility even at $60 a barrel Brent. We can exercise additional capital flexibility from various sources, deflation capture, efficiency improvements, discretion in development programs, uncommitted major projects, deepwater reductions and the additional program efficiencies. And we believe we can achieve our 2017 production target given the ramp from our major projects between now and then. The majority of which is from capital we've already invested. And this is all before tactical asset sales. Finally, the right side of the chart shows a graphic from our April Analyst Meeting. At that meeting we discussed the quality and cost of supply of captured resource base. Today we have over 44 billion barrels of identified resource, over half of which has a very attractive cost of supply. 16 billion barrels is either proven reserves or has a cost of supply that's less than $60 per barrel. That's almost 30 years of resource at current production rates. So we have the opportunities to invest capital in captured economic programs with little resource risk. This should accelerate value for shareholders while increasing the predictability of our business. That's how we can sustain our success for the long-term. Now I hope these comments provided some perspective on our approach to the business in this environment. The bottom line, it's a very solid and disciplined plan. So, I'm going to come back with some closing comments, but let me turn it now over to Jeff.
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Ryan. So I'll walk through our results for the quarter and then provide some updates on our 2015 guidance. I'll start with our second quarter financial performance, so that's on slide seven. As Ryan mentioned, we operated well this quarter with production hitting the high end of guidance. We reported adjusted earnings of $81 million or $0.07 a share and these results included 4% volume growth and 14% lower operating costs compared to this quarter last year after adjusting for special items. The story for the company and the sector this year continues to be low commodity prices. We did see a slight increase in total realized prices in the second quarter compared the first quarter which improved our sequential earnings, but year-over-year our realized price was down nearly 45%. Second quarter adjusted earnings by segment are shown on the lower right side of this chart. Segment adjusted earnings are roughly in line with our sensitivities and the financial details for each segment can be found in the supplemental data on our website. Now if you'll turn to slide eight, I'll review our production results. Our second quarter production averaged nearly 1.6 million BOE per day compared to 1.56 million BOE per day in the second quarter 2014. That's growth of 4% or 69,000 BOE per day, which came primarily from liquids and from domestic gas sales of APLNG which we'll turn to LNG over time. The waterfall also shows the difference between downtime and dispositions in the second quarter this year versus same period last year which was 30,000 barrels per day. That reflects mostly downtime in Canada from forest fires near Foster Creek and in Malaysia as a result of the Gumusut turnaround. Now if you'll turn to the next slide I'll cover our cash flow waterfall for the first half of the year. This chart provides a summary of our sources and uses of cash through the first half of the year. We started the year with $5.1 billion in cash, through the end of June we generated $4.4 billion from operating activities excluding working capital. Total working capital in the first half of the year was a $1.1 billion use of cash, with the largest impact related to lower payables associated with reductions in our capital spending. We do not expect to see significant additional working capital changes associated with investing activities through the remainder of 2015. In the first half of the year, we received $600 million in disposition proceeds. As we've previously said, with a portfolio of our size you can see $1 billion of assets sales every year as we continually high-grade the portfolio. We increased debt by $2.4 billion. The debt included fixed and floating rate bond tranches, with an average maturity of 5.6 years and an average interest rate of 1.9%. For the first half of the year, we spent $5.7 billion in capital and that was comprised of $3.3 billion in the first quarter reducing down to $2.4 billion in the second quarter. And as we'll point out on the next slide, we're lowering our capital guidance for 2015 from $11.5 billion to $11 billion. So that puts us at $5.3 billion in capital for the second half of the year. After paying our dividend, we ended the quarter with $3.8 billion in cash on the balance sheet. So we remain in a strong balance sheet position with cash on hand, access to ample liquidity, as well as the potential for incremental cash from tactical asset sales. I'll wrap up my comments on slide 10 with some guidance for the rest of the year. We are on track to achieve the high end of our 2% to 3% production growth for the year. Our third quarter production guidance is 1.51 million BOE per day to 1.55 million BOE per day, which reflects significant turnaround activity in the quarter. We are also providing an update on several of our financial guidance items which in the aggregate will provide approximately $900 million in benefit to net cash flow in 2015. We now expect full year 2015 capital expenditures of around $11 billion compared to our previous guidance of $11.5 billion. This reflects lower capital that's roughly equal parts program efficiencies, deflation in FX and some activity deferral. We're also making good progress on our operating cost targets, which are mostly coming from changes to the way we run our business. We still expect our operating costs to increase in the second half of the year as we continue our turnaround work and bring projects online, but given our run rate through the first half of the year, we are lowering our operating cost guidance for the year from $9.2 billion to $8.9 billion. That puts us ahead of schedule as we work towards our $1 billion cost reduction target in 2016. Our corporate segment benefited from LNG licensing revenues during the second quarter and we're changing our full-year guidance to a net expense of $900 million from $1 billion. And there is no change to our DD&A or exploration, dry hole and impairment guidance. That concludes the review of the financial performance and guidance. I'm going to turn it over to Matt for an update on our operations.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Thanks, Jeff. As Jeff and Ryan mentioned, we've had another strong quarter operationally and the business is performing well. I'll quickly run through our segment results and then turn it back to Ryan for some closing thoughts. In the lower 48, second quarter production averaged 556,000 BOE per day. That's a 3% increase from the same period last year and represents a 9% increase in crude oil production over the same period. We're now running 13 rigs, with six in the Eagle Ford, four in the Bakken and three in the Permian. That's down from 32 rigs at the end of 2014 and we believe this is the right pace of activity in this environment. We'll reassess these levels later in the year, taking into consideration market conditions, pilot test information and the price outlook. With our reduced capital program, our growth in this region has started to slow and we expect production to see modest declines through the rest of the year, consistent with our prior guidance. Looking at the Gulf of Mexico, our appraisal work is continuing, with activity in the quarter at Gila, Shenandoah and Tiber. And next I want to provide a quick update on the rest of our Gulf of Mexico program following our deepwater announcement earlier this month. As Ryan mentioned, we recently announced a plan to reduce spending in deepwater, notably in the Gulf of Mexico. We've taken the step of terminating our agreement for a drillship and we expect to take a charge of up to $400 million as a special item in the third quarter. The drillship wasn't scheduled for delivery to the Gulf until later this year, so not a lot has changed for our 2015 drilling program. Two exploration wells are expected to spud in the third quarter at Melmar and Vernaccia. After Melmar we will have two remaining slots on the Maersk Valiant drillship. We expect to drill a Socorro prospect with one of these slots and we're currently evaluating and high-grading our drilling prospects to fill the final operated slot. We're going through our budgeting process for next year and we'll provide more detail on expected capital and operating cost savings for 2016 when we announce our capital budget later in the year. Next I'll cover our Canada and Alaska segments on slide 13. We produced 306,000 BOE per day in our Canada segment, an 8% year-over-year increase. The growth came from our new wells in Western Canada as well as strong performance from our oil sands assets. In May we achieved a major milestone with first steam at Surmont 2. We're on track to start producing in the third quarter and expect production to ramp up through 2017. Our other oil sands assets continue to perform well and we're see ongoing ramp-up at Foster Creek Phase F despite the 11-day shutdown the end of May due to forest fires. Alaska's average production was 174,000 BOE per day. We're continuing to make project (sic) [progress] (16:18) on our CD5 and Drill Site 2S projects, where the first wells were spudded at both projects during the quarter and both are on track for first oil during the fourth quarter. As we mentioned in the first quarter call, we resumed exports from Kenai LNG in April. So far we've delivered two cargoes and we expect to deliver four more by the end of the year. And our seasonal turnaround activity started at both Prudhoe and Kuparuk in June and will continue into the third quarter. Now let's review our Europe and Asia-Pacific and Middle East segments on slide 14. In Europe, second-quarter production averaged 206,000 BOE per day. We achieved startup of our Enochdhu project slightly ahead of schedule. We're also making progress on our Alder project, which is expected to come online in late 2016. Eldfisk II and Eldfisk South production is continuing to ramp up as we bring additional wells online. And we've safely completed our turnaround activity in the J-Area and the Ekofisk Area ahead of schedule. However, we still have a significant amount of turnaround activity planned in the region during the third quarter. In the APME segment, we produced 349,000 BOE per day in the second quarter. That's an 8% increase compared the second quarter of last year, primarily as a result of new production from major project startups in Malaysia. APLNG Train 1 is nearing completion. We achieved another milestone this week when we started loading refrigerants to the LNG facility and we remain on track for first cargo in the fourth quarter. In China we completed our Bohai appraisal program with encouraging results. And in Malaysia, Gumusut began a major turnaround in June, which was just completed in the past few days. So to wrap up my comments, the business is continuing to perform well, we're hitting our production targets, lowering our cost and maintaining our focus on safety. We have a few more major projects and turnarounds to complete this year but we're on track to deliver on our commitments. Now I'll turn the call back to Ryan for his closing remarks.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Matt. And that wraps up our second-quarter review. So here's the summary: The dividend is safe, the business is running extremely well, we can achieve cash flow neutrality in 2017 and beyond at today's strip of roughly $60 per barrel Brent and we have a unique formula for sustainable performance and a portfolio that can deliver. Now currently the environment today is challenging for the industry. But we believe we're entering a new reality for the business. The winners will be those companies with a rational vision, high quality asset base and a strong workforce and a commitment to shareholders. The winners will be those companies who can manage short, medium and long-term goals simultaneously and we're setting plans and delivering on the things that we can control in the short term, paying close attention to the drivers of medium and long-term performance. We believe this broad perspective will serve us well and make us an even stronger company in the future. So thank you for listening to the opening remarks and I'd be happy to turn it back over to the operator for your questions and our answers.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from Guy Baber of Simmons and Company. Please go ahead.
Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thanks very much for taking my question. I had a couple. First, was just hoping to discuss the decision making progress around determining whether to increase or decrease unconventional activity levels later this year and into 2016? You mentioned the development program discretion, so just wanted to dive a bit deeper into that. I think the prior view was to begin increasing the rig count the back half of this year, but oil prices have obviously weakened and you obviously have a lot of flexibility next year with $2 billion in major projects rolling off. So could you just help us understand the framework for determining unconventional activity spending levels as we go into next year?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Guy, thanks. As we laid out in April, we saw some modest increases in the prices over the next couple of years in our path to sort of our working the medium-term in 2017. And if we see the – and in that plan we had some ramping up of our unconventional activity assumed in that plan. As our capital flexibility increased and our project capital was rolling off Surmont and APLNG, we're going to direct that to the unconventionals which are shorter cycle time, higher returns, and just better opportunities for the company. I would say if prices that we're seeing today, sub $60 Brent, high $40s and low $50s, we don't have plans to increase the capital and ramp up in the unconventionals if these kind of prices persist. So we're watching the space pretty closely. As Matt said, we'll announce our capital later this year, but that's going to be informed by where we think the commodity prices are and where we think they will be in 2016. And that's going to then dictate how much we ramp up in the unconventionals.
Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thanks, Ryan. And then my follow up was could you just discuss a little bit more some of the assumptions implicit in the comment that you could achieve cash flow neutrality by 2017 at $60 a barrel Brent. So more specifically, could you perhaps elaborate on what deflation capture would be implicit in those assumptions? And just any more detail that you could give there I think would be helpful, as I think that's a pretty important assertion.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think what we're saying right now is that when we came out in April, we talked about the capital required to generate a flat production profile for a long period of time for the company. We thought that was about $9 billion. I think the deflation that we've seen to date and the additional deflation that would happen in a lower price world that you're describing, our flat capital goes down something closer to $8 billion and if this price were to persist for a period of time we would expect additional deflation and more efficiencies going forward. We haven't factored that into the analysis necessarily but it is a recognition that we can achieve flat production for a long period of time at an $8 billion capital level.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Good morning, everybody.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Doug.
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Doug.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Ryan, I wanted to continue on Guy's question about the downward revisions to operating capital cost and specifically you highlighted on slide five four different categories, and you just touched on deflation capture but I also wanted to see if you could comment on – or give us a little bit more insight on what you mean by discretion in development programs, deepwater reductions, program efficiencies, just a few more specifics there, if you have any?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Doug. Be happy to. So we described sort of the deflation capture and efficiency that we're seeing in the portfolio to lower the capital required to keep flat production over time, and that's clearly something that we would dial in if we saw these kinds of prices persist. We talk about – something we don't talk about is asset sales. We think in the portfolio our size we have an ongoing rationalization program that keeps eliminating the bottom end of the portfolio and that's certainly there. We've got a lot of flexibility. The unconventionals are shorter cycle time and we can ramp those up at different speeds responding to the commodity price environment that we find ourselves in. So as we try to describe the actions, the levers and the tools, those are some of them. You mentioned the deepwater exploration. We're working through that as well but would expect that to be incremental in terms of capital savings and operating cost savings as we look forward at this kind of price level.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then finally on cash flow, when using consensus estimates, divestitures and borrowings in the quarter, it seems like your dividend is covered for 2015, and on this point I wanted to see where your after-tax borrowing costs were on the recent borrowings in the period. And then also the status of any other funding sources such as a revolver, commercial paper or whatever you deem relevant, so maybe a question for Jeff?
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, sure. Doug. As we mentioned in our brief remarks there, we were out in the debt markets in the second quarter and we issued $2.5 billion worth of debt. That was a mix of fixed and floating, and on average that was a 1.8%, 1.9% interest rate on a pre-tax basis, so you could tax effect that. So we ended the second quarter at $3.8 billion in cash on the balance sheet. It probably takes $800 million to $1 billion to operate our business, and then in addition to that we have about a $6 billion liquidity line that's undrawn currently.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Doug.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. I guess, Ryan, first of all, thank you for your remarks at the beginning of the call of the dividend. I think that's pretty clear, but I've got a couple of questions around the strategy, how that changes in a low oil price environment. First one's really on exploration. So you've cut a rig obviously this year you had a fairly large commitment. What does this say about the exploration strategy going forward, given the resource depth that you have and given that that's a key area of discretionary spending? Are you backing away from exploration post 2015? And I've got a follow up, please.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Doug, I think I'll take that. And so the specific announcement we made earlier this month is only related to canceling the Ensco drillship. And that by itself is going to result in a decrease in our deepwater exploration capital by $300 million to $500 million a year for the next three years as a function of what the spread rate and the equity position would be. We're still going to be conducting deepwater exploration, though, through 2015 and into 2016. We have – we're appraising our existing discoveries in the Gulf of Mexico and West Africa and high grading the portfolio to fulfill the remaining rig commitments that we have. But more to the strategic question that you were asking, we are looking more broadly at our deepwater portfolio and considering alternatives to that portfolio. But anything we do is going to have to preserve value from the discoveries that we've made in the portfolio that we've built up over the last few years. So there is still a strategic question on the long-term position of deepwater. Now we have a very strong position in the unconventionals and as you mentioned, a very strong position across the resource base as a whole. So the strategic emphasis would be moving more towards developing the existing resource base but there still is a significant role for exploration to play in bringing new resources into the portfolio. So there will be more to come in this to over time, Doug, as we firm up those longer-term strategic implications of the deepwater decision.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate the answer, Matt. I guess the follow up is probably for you as well, I'm guessing, because there has been, I think, you and I had some time together earlier this year. There was some talk about 80,000 barrels a day of potential non-core production. With your comments about, one has to imagine that there is disposal potential in some of your existing undeveloped discoveries, how should we think about the scale of what you envisage to be your disposal backlog, if that's the right way to ask the question? And how would that capital be redeployed? Would it buy back stock? Would it shore up on the balance sheet? How would you use the spending? And then I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Yeah. So, as Jeff and Ryan both mentioned, we expect to be some form of dispositions going on sort of continuously in the portfolio just to trim up. And it is nonstrategic. So for example, you may have seen yesterday or the day before that we are going to market our Cook Inlet position in Alaska. I think it's quite well known that we've had a package out there in Canada for nonstrategic assets and big gas assets, and we have some assets in the lower 48 that fit the same criteria. So we do have some tactical dispositions that we're currently marketing at the moment. So, I mean, the use of that cash would be to fund our dividend and our ongoing capital programs of the...
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, and I'd jump in there, Doug, a little bit. The priorities are the dividend to the shareholder, the balance sheet, and then a growth we can afford.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe. Please go ahead.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, everyone.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Paul.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Paul.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: You talked about 2017 cash flow neutrality and an $8 billion hold for that number. Are you implying that you are actually going to outspend cash flow between now and then? Or are you essentially going as fast as you can to get to cash flow neutrality?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think it largely, Paul, depends on our outlook on the commodity prices, which we're watching pretty closely right now. But we would have some slight outspend in 2016 if we continue to ramp up and hold the capital at $11.5 billion, but that's something that we're looking at dropping down at the current price and continuing to exercise the flexibility. What people tend to forget about though, starting in 2016 and going into 2017, is we have pretty significant ramp in production from Surmont Phase 2 and from APLNG. And that's capital and cost that we spent the last four years to five years. We've got production coming on in 2016 and 2017 that people tend to forget about that is right in front of us. Surmont 2 just first steam earlier this year, we'll have first oil here imminently. And first cargo is coming out of APLNG. So the intention is to get to cash flow neutrality as quick as we can. And we're just trying to demonstrate that we've got a lot of flexibility, even at the current lower prices we're seeing today.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, I understand. And I probably should have prefaced it by saying if we assume the strip, which I guess is something around what you're talking about here, is sort of a $60 outlook is what we see on the futures market?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, and that's why we've tried to put that into our slide at that kind of a price level just to give you some sense of how we would manage the business at that kind of a deck.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: And I think you've been asked this and you've tried to answer it. Forgive me if I just slightly missed what was being said. But can you just run over again the deflation element here, the lower service costs here? I know you've done some excellent work in your presentation showing how costs are changing. When I was with Mr. Hirshberg, he said that this is actually lagging, this is last year's data. Would you mind just going back over how we get from an $11.5 billion, $11 billion run rate this year all the way down as low as $8 billion, seemingly simply if oil stays at $60?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Doug (sic) [Paul] (32:40). So in April we talked about deflation, the $700 million that we were trying to capture. We now see that probably closer to $900 million. And obviously if the kind the strip prices that you're talking about persist, we'd expect that to continue down as well. So as we look out at that, the $8 billion is really to stay flat. The $9 billion or the $10 billion or $11.5 billion grows our production based on the amounts that we laid out in April. So we've got a lot of flexibility between the $11.5 billion that we laid out to the marketplace in April versus this what we're calling $8 billion just to stay flat production. So what we're trying to describe to folks is, with the capital flexibility, the deflation and the efficiencies that we're creating in the business is just adding to the flexibility on the capital side of the program. It gives us a lot of choice as we go into the back half of this year in deciding what kind of program we want to execute in 2016 and 2017 on our pathway to get to cash flow neutrality as quickly as we can.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: That's great, Ryan. Thanks. And if I could just add in, we've had the idea that you would IPO the exploration business and have it as a standalone business. I assume you'd want to retain some access to that business as opposed to, for example, disposing of it all together but at the moment it feels like the potential for you to spin in (34:10) that business is going to be undervaluing it essentially.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think that's right. We're looking at all the alternatives right now, Paul, about that business. And we'll have more to come on that as we progress later in the year and into next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Maybe one more follow up on the cost issues. The incremental $300 million hit to OpEx that we saw on this, again, were you saying was that just incremental capital deflation? Is this more of an issue of pace? Or to be clear, are you trending towards much larger levels of cost reductions on a two-year basis than you had expected earlier?
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I can take that one, Ryan. Yes, we're definitely running ahead of schedule on where we thought we're going to be on reducing cost. And as we mentioned, it's a combination of deflation in the business, some minor amount of FX benefits, but it's really mostly related to us figuring out ways that we can drive costs out of our business. So we talked in terms of having this $1 billion cost reduction target. We're feeling really good about our ability to achieve that or go beyond that.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And then maybe on, at APLNG, you talked about hopefully a cargo during the fourth quarter. Can you maybe talk about what are the remaining steps that you have to achieve there at APLNG between now and the fourth quarter to get that first cargo?
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Yeah, so we're at the stage where we're beginning to load refrigerants. We have go – a process we've got, that's cold, turn the (36:10) mechanical runs, getting all the equipment (36:12) so the compressors are running and everything's running well. And that whole process of that sort of integrated completion and then hook-up, commissioning of the plant is all in hand and the gas is there on the upstream side to feed the plant. So we're feeling good about the ability to get the initial cargo sometime in the fourth quarter.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead
Blake M. Fernandez - Howard Weil, Inc.: Folks, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I'm sorry, I'm going to go back on cost structure as well. I'm just curious about maybe the sustainability of some of the cost deflation that you're witnessing. Obviously industry in general sees costs coming down, but I'm just curious what steps are being taken to ensure that these are more structural so that they don't simply re-inflate once the commodity finally does recover.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Blake, we're taking a pretty hard look top to bottom in terms of how we run the company and we're considering where we came from as an integrated company and the size, scale and capability we have as that company and looking at taking the opportunity now to a bit right-size relative to how an independent company like ConocoPhillips finds itself today. So there's things that we do in our company that were a remnant of the integrated company in terms of how much functional expertise to have in the center, how much oversight versus that accountability that goes out to the B (37:50). We've done a pretty good job of building that model on our lower 48 unconventional business. We're going to extend that across the whole company with less of a one-size-fits-all and more of a fit-for-purpose design, recognizing that an asset in the lower 48 is different than an asset in the North Sea or up in Alaska or offshore Australia. So really, our employees get it, they understand it, they understand where we're seeing. And we're already seeing the benefits of that shift. We've been working on that over the last two to three years as we've tried to build the culture of an independent company. Now certainly with the downturn it just puts more of a laser focus on the need to accelerate that, and to make it more prominent throughout the whole organization and the whole company, and then I think that will make it much more sustainable.
Blake M. Fernandez - Howard Weil, Inc.: Thanks, Ryan. The follow up is on the strategic shift toward shorter cycle type of projects. I guess when I think of Deepwater, definitely longer-term, highly capital-intensive, but they do tend to contribute fairly well to earnings. And when I look at the lower 48 contribution for earnings it seems to be one of the areas that's the weakest. As you kind of shift more toward these shorter cycle projects, do you anticipate that to have a negative impact on your actual earnings profile? Or is that a concern?
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think you can – I'll take that one. When you look at lower 48 earnings, currently a driving factor there is really the level of depreciation that's being charged currently as we develop the unconventionals. And we're probably having depreciation charges which are a third larger than they'll be longer-term because of the reserve booking schedule and kind of the relative conservatism that's forced upon us as we book according to the rules that are out there. So as we go through time you're going to see depreciation rates come down in the lower 48 and that's going to have a significant improvement in the earnings from that segment. The other thing of course as you've heard us talk about, and you've heard the industry talk about, is just the cost levels that it's taking to develop reserves in the unconventionals have come down dramatically, and that will reflect itself in lower depreciation rates as well going forward over time. So yeah, where you do have fairly weak earnings coming out of our lower 48 segment over time you will see – currently, you will see those improve as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Yeah. Two very quick questions on the $60 breakeven again. Sorry, that would be what 2017 production, the same that you have laid out in the past or are you changing that production growth?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. It's the same, Ed.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great.
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, as Ryan mentioned, a lot of the production growth is coming from things that we've already invested in.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Yeah. Okay. And then presumably even on that stay flat there would still be some positive cash margin shifts as you still back out some of the older gas production that's still in that mix as you get out to 2017 even on flat CapEx?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, absolutely. So when you look at the Canadian – the Surmont 2 addition and the APLNG that's coming on at a higher margin than a large part of our portfolio with the North American gas piece that you described, Ed.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: And then...
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We always talk about margins in terms of kind of flat price cash margins. One of the things we are seeing as we talked about it as well, is costs are coming out of the business as well which improve margins across the board.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: So it's kind of dividend, plus a little bit? And then just on APLNG, I mean, obviously, everyone's observed that the Asia LNG market has suddenly faced a sort of dramatic drop in demand and there's obviously a lot of cargos coming on to compete for that gas demand. I mean, clearly first cargo is an important milestone and the CapEx will fall for the project, and therefore the cash contribution from the APLNG associates will improve which we'll see next year. But can you talk a little bit about how you are placing that product into the market for train one and train two given weak demand?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, right now we're working through that, Ed. And I know there has been a lot of speculation in the marketplace around the contract, and the SPA that we have with the buyers. We have two buyers, we have a Japanese buyer for train two. And train one is going to China to Sinopec. And we have an SPA, we have a contract with them. They've got diversionary rights within China and with our approval which we have provided, they've got diversionary rights outside of China as well. And we're working with them to understand the volume that they can take into the country in 2016 and as we go forward into 2017 and I'd just remind people that our contract is a take-or-pay contract and we expect they're going to live to the terms of that contract.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Maybe just several quick questions. The first one is probably for Jeff. Jeff, on the second quarter, what is your cost saving run rate and what do you expect those run rate are going to look like in the third and the fourth quarter?
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'm not sure how to interpret your question, Paul. So when you say cost savings, I mean, are...?
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. I mean that you have a program there to reduce costs, and I'm trying to understand how much of that cost savings is already reflected in your second quarter result and what is the incremental improvement we could expect in the remainder of the year into next year?
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So when we – I'll take you back to the analyst presentation. When we talked about 2014 cost levels of $9.7 billion and we were going to take that down to $8.7 billion, that was the $1 billion we were taking out, and we said we thought we'd get halfway there in 2015. So we gave cost guidance of $9.2 billion. So we're well along that path is what we're pointing out today and we actually revised that $9.2 billion down to $8.9 billion. So we're going to continue to see that as we go through the year, and you can see that we've had some pretty low cost levels in the first part of the year. The difficulty I have with your question is there is variability from quarter to quarter as we go through the year, but if you look at the whole year, we're running well ahead of where we thought we were going to be for the year.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Do you have a number that you can share? In the second quarter what is the cash operating cost?
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well as – well, you can look at our – at our...
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Paul, it's in the supplemental.
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...balance sheet, it was $2.1 billion essentially in what we call cash operating cost, which is production cost...
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Operating.
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...G&A cost and the G&A associated with exploration was $2.1 billion.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: $2.1 billion, so annualized it is $8.4 billion, but you talk about...
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Right. That...
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: ...the full year is $8.9 billion?
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, so again, that's why I point out that we have seasonality in our costs related to turnaround activities and we'll have some costs that'll increase as we go through the year and as production ramps up in some of the new projects.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And maybe the second question is for Ryan. Ryan, I presume that now you have reset this year the CapEx at $11 billion, so that the next several years the base case is $11 billion also. Under what commodity price – let's assume that if the commodity price stays where we are, what is the CapEx going to look like? Is it going to stick at the $11 billion end up that you're going to reduce it? I'm trying to understand that, what's the criteria you're going to go for? Are you trying to – because clearly you're not going to reach the cash flow neutral mark (46:05) this year, so what kind of criteria we should be looking at that would set your CapEx program?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, as I said, Paul, we'll try to – we'll set a capital budget later in the year as we look at what the commodity price and what we can afford. When we laid out a plan at $11.5 billion, that assumed some slight modest recovery in prices. If we see prices aren't recovering and they remain at kind of today's level going forward into 2016, you shouldn't expect us to be spending the $11 billion, $11.5 billion, $11.5 billion we laid out in April or the $11 billion that we're talking about today. So no. We're going to manage the whole system to make sure we reach cash flow neutrality. We're doing the right things to grow the business and fund the maintenance capital but you should expect it to become lower. And we'll provide more clarity around that as we go through the course of the year and we watch where commodity prices end up.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Roger.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Good morning, Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess maybe to get back to some of the internal cost cutting and the commentary about structuring the company more like an E&P as opposed to a large integrated, and then given where you are on the operating cost savings, what more should we expect to see from a streamlining or the head count reductions, that sort of structure?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, as Jeff said, we're well on our way to the $1 billion cost challenge. We think we're certainly going to hit that, probably exceed that. The exploration decision that we made and announced earlier, as I said, that's going to be incremental both on a capital and an operating cost side. Will have some impact on the organization as we think about that going forward, so we think there's running room beyond where we're at, but it's something that we're spending a lot of time looking at. And with respect to re-looking at how we run the company, that's going to deliver sustainable reductions for the longer term. So it's not just about taking $1 billion or more out of the cost system in the short (48:35) deflation, it is about making that a sustainable cut over time, and that's where our focus is at right now.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then for Jeff, looking at the cash flow statement or the cash flow waterfall, working capital was a negative to this point. As you think about latter part of this year or 2016, is there a – an opportunity to pull out of working capital as well as cash flow from the business, as well as potentially more debt? What are some of the things we should think about maybe as some of these large projects start to come online, as to whether they consume or free up capital, in addition to the CapEx changes?
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think from a working capital perspective, what we've seen in the first half of the year is really just the effect of a couple of things is, accounts payable coming down because of the lower activities on the capital side. This is really the – as we've moved our capital program down from the $16 billion, $17 billion kind of level last year to this $11 billion this year, you've got this lag effect on working capital. Now that we're kind of down at the level that we're going to be at on capital, we wouldn't expect that effect to continue in subsequent quarters. And then as prices come down, you've seen changes in, kind of, our taxes payable as well come off and be a use of cash from a working capital perspective. That's pretty well out of the system now also. So we wouldn't anticipate that being a significant change in use of cash going forward for us. As I mentioned on the call, we still have really solid access to the capital markets to the extent that we – that it's necessary to go beyond our cash balances to fund our capital and our dividend in the period before 2016 when we get to cash flow neutrality. We certainly have the ability to do that in a very effective way.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Hey, Evan.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Evan.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, maybe my question's related to the U.S. earnings power comment and offshore exploration reduction. Maybe for Matt, I mean, I know you look at resource upstream globally and the savings and efficiencies onshore, U.S. unconventional have been most notable to date. I mean, do you see the scope for international to significantly move down the cost curve to compete for greenfield capital? Or in this strip environment, do you see the U.S. and your U.S. unconventional position as economically superior and effectively taking market share?
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: So does that mean – I'm thinking from a deflation perspective, more than half of the deflation that we've seen has been in North America so far. And historically, the international business has been slower to respond from an unconventional – from a deflation perspective, so we still expect to see more of that come in over the next months and into 2016 on the international side. And as we see this emerge, then we can understand what implications it has for capital costs, and then that has implications for the viability of projects across the portfolio as a whole, so that they – what we're seeing emerge from a deflation perspective, will influence how we think about capital allocation in the years ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right, and efficiencies here as well. I mean, at current strip pricing, what's the break-even period on one of your $8 million to $9 million Eagle Ford wells? Is that – are we a little over a year? What's...
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: I think we're still in the 12-month to 18-month sort of level to get – for break-even on an individual well.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's pretty powerful. If I could slip in just one other – if, just a question on the – if you can discuss it, the changes to working capital associated with investing activities in the quarter. That was sequentially higher. What drove that reclassification, the working capital change from investing activity?
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I think you're noticing that on the cash flow statement this time we broke working capital out from related to operating activities and investing activities. We did that to provide more clarity on what was really driving the changes in working capital. And, again, as I mentioned a couple times now, the real driver has been just the slowdown in the capital investing activities.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alastair Syme of Citi. Please go ahead.
Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Hi, everyone. Jeff, I think you noted a few times about the bond offerings in the quarter. But I think I'm right in saying that you saw a negative credit watch. So I kind of was wondering where those discussions sit in the current environment with the various rating agencies and how vociferously you would feel you'd need to defend a single A rating?
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So where we're currently rated is A1 with Moody's, which is the highest single A. And we're at a middle single A with Standard & Poor's and Fitch. And all of them, as you mentioned, have us on a negative outlook. All three of the agencies confirmed our rating in conjunction with the $2.5 billion bond offering that we did in the second quarter. So I think the position that they're in is they're waiting to see how commodity prices play out and what levels of incremental borrowing we might do before we get to cash flow neutrality in 2017. But as we said before, as we look at different scenarios of what borrowings we might do and before we get to neutrality in 2017, we're still very comfortable that level of borrowing is not going to take us out of the single A range. It could knock us down a notch within that range, but it wouldn't take us out of that range.
Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: And defending single A would be paramount, would it?
Jeff W. Sheets - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, we think that's the right place for a company like ours to be. It just fits strategically with the direction we're heading as a company to be one that has a priority on shareholder distributions, like we've talked about with the dividend, that is pursuing modest growth and wants to have the capability to do that through all kinds of different commodity price cycles. So we do feel like that's the appropriate credit space for us to be in.
Alastair R. Syme - Citigroup Global Markets Ltd.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Herrlin of Société Générale. Please go ahead.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yeah, hi. Thank you. With the Cook Inlet sale, does that include the Kenai plant?
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: No, it doesn't.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Matt. Next one. You talked a lot obviously about efficiencies and cost savings and optimizations and deflation, all that. You're a big company, as Ryan talked about earlier. You have the ability technically to run your fields differently than, say, smaller companies. So how much of your overall performance is related to that type of self-help from, say, field automatization so you can minimize unplanned downtime and enhance recoveries?
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: So, it's just part of our cost reduction process. We are looking at our operating costs, our lifting costs across the company as a whole. And we've for years have had a very strong operations excellence program that we've applied across the organization. Frankly, for the past few years, we've been focusing that on increasing production. That's what you do when oil prices are $100 a barrel. But the same, the tools exist within that capability to focus that more on cost reduction. So we are refocusing our operations excellence on making sure that we're getting the right balance of the right operating efficiency and the right costs in this price environment. So having that capability and that sort of integrated view across the whole organization is really good.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, and I would add, John, to that that as we talk about the independents, some of the capability we have as a company, our functional excellence around integrated operation centers and the ops excellence plans that Matt talked about, the reservoir understanding and characterization, the EUR, the stimulated rock volume work that we're doing, we're going to maintain that and expand that capability because we think it's differential in leveraging in the independent world.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Thank you.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Gammel of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason D. Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Thanks very much. I had another question on long-cycle time versus short-cycle time investments and you're clearly at a point where you're hitting an inflection point and capital is dropping away and production ramp is coming in. But I suppose long-cycle time by definition means that if you're not investing today, then you don't have those big step changes in production in, let's say, the 2019, 2020 timeframe. So my question is two-fold. First of all, do you expect to move towards FID on any major capital projects this year and next year, just given the capital-constrained environment? And then the second part of the question is, over the cycle, how much CapEx above the $8 billion of maintenance CapEx would you want to be putting into these longer-cycle time projects relative to your short-cycle time investment opportunities?
Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: On the FID question, we will be making final investment decisions on a few relatively small projects as we go through this year and into next year. We're in a fortunate position that most of our major projects that are in the portfolio now are not mega projects and they're projects that we've executed before, like adding drill sites in Alaska or adding platforms in the North Sea or in China, so that they're all relatively small-scale things. So we do have the scope within the capital program to continue to invest in those longer-cycle but smaller-scale projects. And we will do that. One of the strategic questions which I think is what you're getting at, Jason, is for the long term what is the right balance for a company like us between the more flexible short-cycle investment opportunities, of which we have a lot within our development programs in particular in unconventional business, and then these longer-cycle projects of the characteristics I just spoke about. And that, we have flexibility to, we have to decide exactly what that ratio should be and that's one of the lenses that we look at our strategy through.
Jason D. Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Okay. Thanks, Matt. Appreciate the thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good afternoon.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Neil.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Hey, Neil.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I appreciate that incremental disclosure on cash flow neutrality in 2017. Definitely been top of mind for investors. Two more industry-focused questions. I guess the first one, Ryan, Speaker Boehner yesterday came out in favor of crude exports. Senate, I think as we speak, is at least discussing it. Flipside is, we're going into an election year, just want to get your thoughts on the latest temperature on this issue as you've really been leading the charge on behalf of the industry?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks, Neil. No, it was – we're glad to see. We've been working with the Speaker's office to get them to support the repeal of the ban and get it up for a vote later this year, and I think we made some significant progress, both in the House and the Senate. And of course the Speaker's comments yesterday were well received by the industry and everybody. I still would – it's still going to be a little bit of a tough uphill climb. There's – we're getting bipartisan support, both in the House and the Senate. We could use a little bit more of the democratic support for it, so we're working on that. But what chances do I give it of passing this year? We – I haven't climbed to 50%, but it's encouraging to see that we may get a vote, at least an up/down vote in at least one of the chambers to go forward. I think the question everybody's asking is, is there enough bipartisan support to clear both houses, and then to clear the administration, and that's what we're spending most of our time on right now.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, Ryan. And then the second question is views on industry consolidation. This is less a Conoco-specific point, but more an industry point. If you expect an acceleration in activity with the double dip in the commodity and the capital markets tightening, less so as you guys pointed out for yourselves, but for companies less attractively positioned from a capital structure than you, your thoughts on M&A going forward for the industry?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, if we saw some modest increasing in the commodity prices, maybe that we would have envisioned a little bit more earlier in the year, I'd have told you that I think the stocks are pretty fully valued and I am expecting prices to come back to that $70, mid-$70, $80 kind of level. Certainly with this re-correction over the last few months, it's putting a spotlight on some of the companies, as you say, that may not have the financial capacity that ConocoPhillips does. So if these lower prices persist for a longer period of time, that's certainly an area that probably would start to ramp up. I still don't personally believe the floodgates are opening on that, but I think it's something that industry will be watching pretty closely if these kinds of prices persist for a longer period of time.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from James Sullivan of Alembic Global Advisors. Please go ahead.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for fitting me in. Just wanted to be very crystal-clear on one point. Obviously you guys had highlighted a 2014 to 2016 operating cost to go back to that issue – reduction of $1 billion of which you'd said about 70% was supposed to be, roughly 70% was supposed to be structural savings. Am I right in thinking that that was really before you guys had envisioned a strategic review of the kind that has been talked about a couple times regarding streamlining some of your, let's call, the major-like execution capacities? Which would – is it right to think of those as incremental, potential incremental structural cost savings outside of that original first $1 billion?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, no, James. When we laid out the $1 billion we kind of had a vision that we were going to go through this process and make some structural changes to the company. So I would say that some, not all, but many of those structural changes are built into the $1 billion trajectory that we're on. As Jeff described, I think we're ahead of plan and our expectation is that we'll generate more savings beyond the $1 billion. And then the exploration decision that we made not to pursue, continue pursuing some of the deepwater, that is incremental to the $1 billion decision, and we're working through what the implications of that given that we have some portfolio and discovered portfolio that we're going to continue to invest in or monetize in other ways.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Okay. That makes sense. So down-shifting in that way would be the incremental piece. Okay. Just a separate thing kind of following up on the quarterly discussion regarding long, short cycle. But – and correct me if there has been a change in this – but looking at AKLNG. As I understood it, there was a potential for that to proceed to pre-FEED in 2016 or at least graduate to the next step in the development process, which would probably require a material capital contribution from stakeholders. Maybe that's getting pushed to the right, but could you describe your thinking on that project? Your participation in it? And how it fits into your portfolio given that obviously we're trying to skew toward shorter cycle projects at the moment?
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think we are making some progress on that with the partners in alliance with the state. There's still a lot of work to do to get an aligned view around the fiscals and state's participation, and what that's going to look like. So there's a lot of work to go do even before we take that next step that you described into pre-FEED. I think the companies are looking at the kind of end of this year, into 2016 to make that decision. But a lot of that is dependent on kind of how we see the alignment working with the State of Alaska and their participation in the project. It's a very, very long project. No resource risk for us. So it kind of goes back to Matt's comment as how much of this long, longer cycle time, but very flat production with very low resource risk do you want in the portfolio. And we're going through those thoughts and analysis right now. It doesn't mean that there's zero of that in the portfolio. I think a healthy portfolio has some of that. We've got some LNG properties, we've got our Qatar property, we've got APLNG coming online. We have a large resource potential in the oil sands, we're trying to figure out how to break those projects into shorter cycle time projects. But still are long dated resources barrels that are attractive and should be a part of the portfolio. So that's going to be the challenge for us as we think about AKLNG going forward.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Okay. Great. All right. That's all I had. Thanks, guys.
Ryan M. Lance - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, James.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, James.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP-Investor Relations and Communications, ConocoPhillips.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - VP-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks, Christine, and thanks to all our participants. Obviously feel free to call us back for any follow-up questions. We really appreciate your time and interest. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen DeSanctis - IR Jeff Sheets - CFO  Matt Fox - EVP, Exploration & Production.
Analysts: Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI Doug Leggate - Bank of America Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Paul Cheng - Barclays Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse John Herrlin - Societe Generale Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Roger Read - Wells Fargo Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James Asit Sen - Cowen and Company
Operator: Welcome to the ConocoPhillips First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Adrian, and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, VP Investor Relations and Communications in ConocoPhilips. Please go ahead.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Adrian and welcome to all of at calls participants today. I'm joined this morning by Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Fox, our EVP of Exploration & Production. On this morning's call, Jeff will cover the first quarter financial result as well as our guidance items for the rest of the year and Matt will review the operational highlights for both the quarter and the rest of the year out coming. During Q&A please we would ask that you would limit your questions to one, plus a follow-up. Our page 2 contains our SAFE HARBOR statement, we'll make some forward-looking statements this morning and as always we would ask you to refer our periodic filings with the SEC for description of the risk and uncertainties in our future performance, again thank you for participating and now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sheets: Thanks Ellen, hello everyone and thanks for joining us today. As you know, we recently held our 2015 Analyst and Investor meeting in New York, where we launched our new three year operating plan and provided details on our long term growth opportunities from our large low cost to supply resource base. We outlined our capital and production plans for next year and how we will achieve cash flow neutrality in 2017 in a arranged to commodity prices. We also reaffirmed our commitment to compelling dividend.  In the first quarter results we will discuss this morning, we are going to describe a quarter with strong production growth and good cost control, the one where weak commodity prices over shadowed strong operational performance.  If you'll turn to Slide 4, I'll cover our key highlights for the first quarter. We produced 1.61 million BOE per day which is growth of 5% compared to the same period last year. Adjusted for Libya dispositions and downtime. We achieved first production at Eldfisk II by an indent Phase 3 and then Brodgar H3 subsea tie-back. We also advanced five major projects toward startup by the end of the year. And that includes our two major projects with Surmont II and APLNG.  Financially our earnings were materially impacted by low prices. We had a $222 million loss or $0.18 per share after adjusting out special items. We generated 2.1 billion in cash from operation excluding impacts from working capital and ended the quarter with 2.7 billion in cash. Costs are our big focus this year. At our analyst and investor meeting we announced the goal to reduce operating cost by $1 billion in 2016 versus 2014 and we are already moving to needle. We’ve made significant progress on capturing deflation capital benefits on our capital program which we also outlined at our analyst meeting. Strategically announced our new three year operating plan that provides predictable growth for about 11.5 billion of capital per year. We’re making good progress on implementing that plan this year, as we ramp down activity across the portfolio. We still grow high margin volumes in this CapEx level and in 2015 we plan to deliver production growth from continuing operations without Libya of 2% to 3% compared to 2014. Now I'll turn the Slide 5 for our more of discussion on earnings. Production came in the high end of guidance we also saw improvement in our cost which as we discussed in the analyst meeting includes production and operating cost, SG&A and exploration expenses, but excluding dry holes and leasehold impairment. Those costs improved 7% compared to the first quarter of last year. When you adjust out the restructuring charges which were a special item for the quarter, you see a 12% improvement in our cost.  However sharply lower prices overwhelmed that performance. We realized prices were down 30% compared to last quarter and down 48% compared to the first quarter of 2014. That contributed to the first quarter adjusted loss of $222 million or the $0.18 per share. First quarter segment adjusted earnings were showing a lower right part of this chart. The financial details for each segment can be found on the supplemental date on our website and segment earnings are roughly in line with our sensitivities, except for the lower 48 where adjusted earnings were differentially impacted by lower realizations, both in absolute terms and relative to markers. This impact wasn’t just from crude but also from NGLs and natural gas. Lower 48 earnings also reflected the previously announced dry hole expense from Harrier. And the other international segment adjusted earnings were driven by the MOC 1 dry hole in Angola. If you’ll turn to Slide 6, I’ll summarize our production results for the quarter. Our projections slide follows our usual convention and continuing operations excluding Libya. Our first quarter production averaged 1.61 million BOE per day compared to 1.53 million BOE per day in the first quarter of 2014. The waterfall shows downtime and dispositions were essentially flat year-over-year that leaves net growth of 82,000 BOE per day or 5% growth compared to last year. And of the 82, 61 of the improvements comes from liquids, that’s mostly from oil pants in Canada and conventional in the Lower 48 and Gumusut, Malaysia. Gas was up 21 and some from that’s from domestic gas sales at APLNG that will turn to LNG over time. Now if you turn to the next Slide, I will review our cash flow waterfall. We started the year with 5.1 billion in cash. During the quarter we generated 2.1 billion from operating activities. And this reflects an environment where Brent was at $54 and WTI was at 48.50 and as you know current prices in the strip are higher than these numbers. Moving to the chart we saw a negative impact of about $300 million from working capital. For the quarter we spent 3.3 billion in capital expenditures in investments. As you would expect the capital is front end loaded and tapers off through the year as we complete our major projects and ramp down our activity in unconventionals, so that number is not ratable. After paying our dividend we ended the quarter with 2.7 billion of cash from the balance sheet. Before I leave this slide, let me mention an item that you’ll notice on the cash flow statement in our supplemental information regarding deferred taxes. In the quarter we had -- $555 million benefit to earnings as results of change in tax laws in the UK. This was a special item and not included in our adjusted earnings. This income benefit did not create an immediate cash flow benefit so on the cash flow statement the income benefit is reversed out on the deferred tax line which is why the deferred tax line on cash flow shows a large negative this quarter. Without this tax law change, deferred taxes would have been about an $85 million use of cash in the quarter. I’ll wrap up my comments on the next slide with some guidance for the rest of the year. We provided guidance at our Analyst and Investor Meeting earlier this month. We’re not making any changes to the guidance, but I do want to walk through some of the trends and profiles as we go through the year since most of our first quarter metrics aren’t ratable. We remain on track to achieve our 2% to 3% production growth this year. Our second quarter projection guidance is 1.555 to 1.595 million BOE per day. This reduction from our first quarter mostly reflects the start of our seasonal major turnaround activity. As I just mentioned we expect capital to decrease throughout the year and we remain on track for 11.5 billion of capital this year. Our operating cost guidance of 9.2 billion remains unchanged we did better on a run rate basis in the first quarter and as we continue to work on lowering cost. We could see further improvement in our cost guidance for the year especially if the U.S. dollar stays strong but we’re holding to the current guideline for now. We expect cost to be higher in the second and third quarters as we go into turnaround season. We’ll also see some higher costs in the fourth quarter associated with our major project start up. There is no change to our exploration dry hole and impairment guidance of 800 million for the year. We were higher than that rate in this quarter and we’ll keep you updated throughout the year. DD&A look a little low on run rate but we expect to end the year at about 9 billion. This reflects mix shift changes and major projects coming online through the year. Finally, our corporate segment is in line with the guidance. That concludes the review of our financial performance and guidance. The theme you should be hearing is that we’re focused on executing a prudent plan and we’re delivering on our operational commitments. Now I’ll turn the call over to Matt for an update on our operations.
Matt Fox: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning everyone. To begin I’ll quickly go through our segment results for the quarter and then conclude with the preview of some key activities to look out for in 2015. As Jeff mentioned we had a strong operationally, achieving high end of our production guidance and we did that while reducing capital and operating cost and maintaining our relentless focus on safety. So let’s jump into review of the segment performance starting with the Lower 48 in Canada on Slide 10. In the Lower 48 first quarter production averaged 542,000 BOE per day, that’s a 7% overall increase from the first quarter of last year and represents a 16% increase in crude oil production. Production drill in the conventionals but as we’ve previously announced grew to begin to slow as we see the impact of reducing the number of rigs in operation. Overall in Lower 48 we had 15 operated rigs running at the end of April which is more than a 50% reduction from the end of 2014. As a result of fewer rigs we expect production growth to slow in the second quarter and begin a slight decline in the same half of year. In our recent Analyst and Investor Meeting we gave you a lot of details on pilot tests and were continuing to run those test across the segment. In addition to our unconventional activities in a Lower 48 exploration and appraisal activity continues in deepwater Gulf for Mexico. We currently have appraisal wells drilling at Gila and Tiber and unfortunately Harrier was a dry hole. Next we’ll cover Canada. We saw a strong growth from our Canadian business segment during the quarter. We produce 318,000 BOE per day, a 14% year-over-year increase. This growth came primarily from our oil sands assets with Bitumen productions increasing 26% compared to the first quarter of 2014. In Western Canada we successfully completed our winter drilling program with activity focused primarily in the Clearwater, [Blair] and Montney areas. This activity will reduce as we ramp down our rigs from a high of 10 in the quarter to 2 for the remainder of the year. And the oil sands were seeing strong performance from Christina Lake and Foster Creek, the production continuing to ramp up at Foster Creek Phase F and at Sermont II construction is more than 93% complete and final preparations are underway and anticipation of first theme by the middle of the year. Next I will cover off our Alaska and Europe segments from Slide 11. Alaska's average production was an 186,000 BOE per day and activity this quarter was focused on several major projects. CD5 and new development on the west side of [Alpine] is more than 75% complete, drilling is already commenced and were moving ahead with pipeline and module instillation. At drill site 2S facility construction is on schedule and driven will commenced in the second quarter. Both CD5 and 2S or on schedule for startup in the fourth quarter of this year. And we sanctioned the first phase of the north east-west act development, the 1H NEWS project in March and we expect to see first production in 2017. In addition to progress on these projects we resumed operations of the Kenai LNG plan with exports expected to recommence in May. Moving on to Europe first quarter production averaged 209,000 BOE per day. We saw two startups this quarter at the Eldfisk II and Brodgar. Eldfisk II production will continue to ramp through the year as we bring additional wells online and the Brodgar H3 subsea tie-back well achieved first gas in March. Enochdhu is also progressing on schedule and should start in the third quarter.  Now let's review Asia specific and Middle East segments and other international segments on Slide 12. In APME we produced 351,000 BOE per day in the first quarter, this is 10% increase compared to the first quarter of last year. Primarily as a result of new production from major projects starts up at Gumusut and S&P in Malaysia. The Gumusut 2014 production system in continuing to ramp up, with full fuel production currently exceeding a 150,000 BOE per day on a gross basis. At KBB production remains constrained awaiting third party pipeline repairs. We achieve first gas from Bayu Undan Phase III program in March and production is continuing to ramp up. The APLNG project was more than 90% complete at the end of March, we achieve first fire from one of our gas turbine generate as in April and we’re progressing towards startup in the third quarter. In our other international segment we’re continuing to focus on our exploration and the appraisal programs, in Angola we spotted the Vali well this month and we’ll update you on a progress there next quarter. We announced the dry hole at Omosi where we encountered the gas column and subsequently plugged the well. In Senegal planning continues for an appraisal program in the fourth quarter. Finally, in Libya our production remains shut in due to ongoing unrest and it remains out of our production guidance for the year. I'll wrap up my prepared remarks on Slide 13 with some key activities to watch in 2015. As Jeff mentioned we’re on track to deliver 2% to 3% production growth this year. For the second quarter we expect to produce 1.555 to 1.595 million BOE per day. The key driver is a typical turn around activity which you see in the upper right chat. Our major turnaround activity for the year is schedule in Alaska, Europe and APNE, in the second quarter and third quarter. These large turnarounds staring June, so we’ll see an impact on production in the second quarter with a more significant impact in the third quarter. In the Lower 48 we expect production to begin to decline in the second half of the year reflecting our reduce rate count. As I just mentioned we ended April with 15 rigs and we expect to run 12 rigs through the second half of the year. Moving to major projects, there are 5 startups expected before the end of the year Surmont 2, APLNG, Enochdhu, CD5 and Drill Site 2S. Production from these five projects were minimal in 2015 but will provide momentum going into 2016. We also have exploration and appraisal activity underway, as I said earlier we spotted the Vali well in Angola this month. We plan to start drilling the Vernaccia and Melmar wells in the Gulf of Mexico and the second and fourth quarters respectively. And we expect to spud the Cheshire well and Nova Scotia in the fourth quarter. In Senegal we plan to start appraisal work before the end of the year and we’ll continue to appraise our existing discoveries in the Gulf of Mexico. So that’s a quick review of the segments. We gave you a lot of information at the recent Analyst and Investor Meeting, so there is not a lot and new to add. We are playing close attention to the things we can control by safely executing our operating plan, capturing capital and operating cost improvements and creating value for shareholders. So this ends our prepared remarks. Now I’ll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. And we have Douglas Terreson from Evercore ISI on line with the question. Please go ahead.
Douglas Terreson: A key element of the path to cash flow neutrality that you guys talked about at the Analyst Meeting for the next few years is the shift in spending away from the capital intensive projects in the oil sands and also in LNG and towards unconventionals. And on this point, I wanted to see if we could get an update on when you expect Surmont and APLNG to commence operations and therefore for spending to be significantly curtailed? And second is a $2 billion reduction in spending which is about 20% of the budget kind of a reasonable order of magnitude type reduction for these two projects or is that too high? So if we just get the color on what to expect on capital spending declines.
Matt Fox: So Doug, on Surmont II we expect to have first steam sometimes relatively soon certainly by the middle of the year. APLNG we expect to start up there in the third quarter. So it’s pretty much in line with still with what we discussed at Analyst Day and what we’ve been expecting for some time. And as we move from 2015 into 2016 we’ll see a about $2 billion reduction in capital associated with those projects but that won’t be seen from stack up immediately because we still got capital being spent in both of those projects and through the end of the year. Between ’15 and ’16 it’s about $2 billion reduction.
Operator: And the next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Matt one of the things that has changed since the Analyst Day is unfortunately you had a couple of dry holes from a sizeable write-off and I guess I’m mindful that you had a lot of obligations on drilling this year in exploration. When you consider a 1.5 billion in exploration relative to let’s say M&A and opportunity so there’d be both from working interest on their onshore or something like that. How does your exploration appetite look post 2015 once those obligations are rolled off? And I’ve got a follow up.
Matt Fox: Clearly we’re disappointed in the results we’ve had from Angola so far we and the whole industry in fact expected that that pre-salt clay in the Kwanza Basin showed a similar characteristic as the pre-salt clay in Brazil, but it’s not planning out that way so far. On the other hand we’re really pleased with the results that we had in Senegal which on the face of it was a more risky play and there as we saved prudent 2 different clay types in the basin, we’re looking forward to getting back there. Of course as you know that’s the nature of exploration. In terms of sort of long term role for exploration, I mean we see explorations role to supplement the resource portfolio with additional opportunities to sustain long term growth and with exploring in plays where we think we can do that at a competitive cost of supply. And over the last five years or so exploration has delivered a lot of success remember the Eagle Ford was an exploration success for us. And during that time we’ve been building the deep-water portfolio and focused initially in the Gulf of Mexico and we already have significant discoveries there too, 3 discoveries in the Gulf of Mexico, additional to Senegal. So we’re continuing to test the portfolio, but clearly exploration has to compete for capital in what is a very competitive investment portfolio. And as we outlined when we describe the resource base and the cost of supply of our resource base a few weeks ago, but we see that as good discipline there, to make sure that we’re only committing to exploration opportunities that we think we can compete against our resource base.
Doug Leggate: I guess like kind of a related question, I was going to have another follow up but I don’t want to take up too much time so maybe I’ll stick with this one. But I’m thinking really more about the scale of the discretionary capital because 1.5 billion is still a descent chunk of your spending this year, so where would you expect that to move towards let’s say in a lowered oil price environment should this continue? I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Matt Fox: Thanks Doug. Well in the operating plan that we laid out a few weeks ago, we’re anticipating a level of about 1.5 billion this year, next year and in 2017. We can revisit that to some extent, but that sort of expectation as of sort of planned average over the next few years.
Operator: And the next question comes from Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Good afternoon everybody. A couple of quickies. You mentioned on Libya that you are shut in, is that full-shore shut in or can someone else be producing those volumes and the follow up which is also a fairly quick and clean, could you talk a little bit more about the Kenia sales, I'm not sure who is buying that, Ohio is selling it and then I have a longer term follow up.
Matt Fox: So Libya yes that productions shut in and we are confident of that shut in in the Waha concession, so nobody else is producing it. The Kenia and we started operations up this month, will sell their cargos starting next month, we have growing our sales five or six cargos and they are going to Japan.
Paul Sankey: Is that kind of spot sales. Matt?
Matt Fox: Yes.
Paul Sankey: Got it. Matt, one of the things that people have been talking about since your analyst meeting is your comments on the pilot that you ran and pilots that you're continuing to run in the Eagle Ford. Could you just expand and talk about what could be the next catalyst in terms of news flow on those pilots? Thanks.
Matt Fox: Yes, thanks Paul. So, we are running several different pilots in the Eagle Ford in particular, in the upper Eagle Ford we are running I think 7 different pilots and across the over -- across different parts of Eagle Ford to test the triple stack concept that we talked about and just to understand, what parts of our geographic extent of the Eagle Ford is going to be meaningful to the triple stock development.  So, those pilots are going to be drilled, as we go through this year and we’ll start to see results, as we head into next year, so they I don't expected it to drill any definitive conclusions on just how much of the aerial extend will be developed that way until maybe the later part or next year frankly because a lot this is understanding till the wells began to interfere with each other and you don't see that early in the wells life.  And off course we're still running this stimulated growth volume pilot that we talked about and we're going to get lot of new information from this year that from a longer term basis in terms of optimizing the Eagle Ford as a whole and other unconventional plays that we have in the portfolio.
Paul Sankey: Yes, Matt, just remind us what the uplift is in terms of performance that you I think we're anticipating, if I'm not wrong. I can't remember if you've seen initial results or whether you anticipate. 
Matt Fox: Yes. The initial results from single well pilots in the upper Eagle Ford basically showed the production was the same as to Lower Eagle Ford and of what we haven’t test yet is windows are drilled in the context of a pattern of wells, do we see interference. And that's what we’re testing with these days seven pilots that were running now.
Paul Sankey: So, there was actually a number I think associated with what you might get in terms of improved performance?
Matt Fox: No, I don’t think we went into that yet Paul, because we really need to understand the nature of this pilots, how they perform when they’re confined with other wells, we didn’t actually make any view prediction about what we expect to find. We’d rather do that after we're seen the pilot test results.
Paul Sankey: Okay and as you said this something that's going to take a bit of time to really -- maybe by next analyst meeting I guess?
Matt Fox: Yes it's possible but then it may take you to longer than that, we don't want jump the gun and I wouldn’t, we’re definitely encouraged as we said a few weeks ago, but we want to make sure that we’re calibrating properly before we make any claims with that what there incremental reserves will be for example.
Operator: And the next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hi, Guys. Two quick question. Matt can you share what EPLNG the cash operating cost and the tax regime?
Matt Fox: We’re not in the operating phase yet for EPLNG, so the -- I don’t have the operating cost number of the top of my head. The tax regime is a tax and royalty and regime with royalties at the Queensland level and taxes at the federal level.
Paul Cheng: So it’s typical like 10% on the royalty and 30% PPT or TIP?
Matt Fox: Yes. This is actually not fully resolved yet, there is some discussion still under way with the Princeton government on the nature of how their oil could be calculated, so I can’t really give you a definitive answer on that yet. Paul.
Jeff Sheets: I'll add a little bit to what Matt said on the tax side, the taxes are actually paid down at the ATLNT at kind of corporate level and there is going to be as you can imagine with a big capital investment project like that from a cash flow perspective, a fair business tax Shale from depreciation on the investment particularly in the early years of the project.
Paul Cheng: So, Jeff, does that mean that during the first five years that we should assume there's not really had the tax that APLNG need to pay? 
Jeff Sheets: I don’t know but I can give you that precisely in the number that depends on price levels as well. But if we had current kind of prices, that's probably not a bad assumption.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And then, Matt, can you -- maybe I missed it; can you tell me what is the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian production in the first quarter? And if you have any number you can share in terms of the exit rate for this year? 
Jeff Sheets: Yes the Eagle Ford was around the 175,000 about first quarter, and the Bakken was around 55,000 barrels a day in the first quarter. Permian was less than 10, on the unconventional side we also have significant conventional production but in the Shale’s side it was less than 10. So what we expect to happen forward is we the aggregate production from the unconventionals is going to grow a little bit into the second quarter and then it’s going to gradually decline as we exit the year so the fourth quarter exit rate is going to be quite similar to the first quarter rate in aggregate for the Shale plays.
Paul Cheng: And you start increasing the rig count next year again? I think that’s the current trend so we should assume that they will resume the growth or that the increase in rig count for next year will be only sufficient that to hold it flat?
Jeff Sheets: It depends a bit on the pace of the build of the rigs back up you should really assume that it’s going to hold it flat because by the time we get the wells back and running again through the drilling and completion and hook up and bringing them on production. We’re actually going to see the decline in production from those plays continue into the early part of 2016 and then start to increase towards the end of 2016 and based on our current assessment of how we’ll put rigs back to work, they’re probably relatively flat from the average of 15 to the average of 6.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: So a couple of questions on the -- there have been several recent news stories around some of your M&A efforts of potential assets that you might consider selling, any additional commentary that you might have regarding potential M&A programs, are these bringing the people approaching you or are these assets that you are marketing, are we still looking at kind of smaller 500 to $1 billion sized deals. Any thoughts around that?
Jeff Sheets: We’re always in with a portfolio of our size looking at what going to we do in the way of portfolio optimization. As we go forward we’re not going to be pre-announcing that we’re marketing particular assets. You will hear stories probably on the marketplace that we’re testing values on that and that’s what we’ll always be doing as part of a prudent optimization of the portfolio. As we’ve said I think it’s prudent to think in terms of a company our size will do something with its asset portfolio every year and we talked about it, whether that’s a $1 billion so a year there is probably a good go by. It really just depends on whether we’re getting full value for the assets. It’s always about whether we can sell the assets or at least what we think we could receive from in-value if we kept them in our portfolio. And we don’t know what that number is going to be but there will be some level of asset sale.
Ryan Todd: And maybe shifting gears a little bit, in Alaska at the Analyst Meeting you guys had given guidance on Alaska production and you have a couple of projects turning up later this year. I guess can you talk a little about your production expectation in Alaska and maybe that of the industry with these differentials had kind of bounce around quite a bit. Maybe if you look out one or two years, what’s the direction that you would expect in terms of crude realizations and activity levels in general in Alaska?
Matt Fox: We expect with the major projects that we’re doing and the development drilling that we’re doing in Alaska that we’re likely to hold production relatively flat for the next three years and beyond that actually. And we had a reasonably good representation of the overall Alaska production because we get the big production areas we look to drill Kuparuk and Alpine so I think if you at us our macro view of Alaska about wouldn’t be about basis to think about that. In terms of realizations I think currently realizations are -- for the E&S, crude are both $2 or $3 below Brent and we have taken one cargo this year to Asia and one last year and we always have that option if that’s what we chose to do.
Operator: And the next question is from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: I know Conoco remains focused on your yield bridging the cash flow neutrality; how would you respond to the commodity recovery, meaning when you seek to increase cash cushion, balance sheet repair just some level which might dictate or delay any potential reacceleration?
Jeff Sheets: I think our first reaction to an increase in prices is going to be to reduce the amount of cash we use and the amount of debt we might borrow, particularly as we think about the activity levels in 2015 and 2016.
Evan Calio: Any idea in terms of kind of levels or price signal that you need to see to reaccelerate?
Jeff Sheets: I think in the near term I am not sure we see a price level that would cause us to reaccelerate and we are going to want to see what that if there is some acceleration in prices and it's got a more lasting effect as well. I mean we are taking anything about, what's going on with our capital program as Matt mentioned earlier we have a couple of billion dollars rolling off on from certain amount of APLNG and we are -- our plans already accelerating capital spending in places like North American and un-conventional, as we go into 2016.
Evan Calio: Right, right, no, I understood that. Maybe to the other side could you quantify or provide a range of how much more you could borrow and still maintain you’re A rating?
Jeff Sheets: It’s a bit of a -- I don’t think I can actually quantify that because the rating agencies won't tell you exactly what number that is. As I think we would characterize the same way we characterized it on our call last time, we think the amount that we do borrow is going to be -- it could be enough that would cause us to see a one notch downgrade from what's currently A1 at Moody's and A the middle single A with the Standard & Poor’s and with Fitch. And what their have you seen all the agencies do have our credit rating outlook on a negative, so that that's they are going to be anticipating that.  But once if that were to happen that were moves into a range, what we are comfortable that there is plenty of space there to meet, whatever borrowing needs we might have in 2015 and 2016 as we head towards cash flow neutrality in 2017.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake : I just wanted to dive a little bit into shale again. I've seen some very strong performance from you guys this year, even stronger in the Bakken. Is there anything you are doing differently this year?
Matt Fox: And we were continuing to work through our optimizations, Ed that we discuss a little bit few weeks ago, optimizing the completion design and the well length and the well placement and so on. I wouldn’t say there is anything fundamentally different going on there, but we are and we are moving towards more pad drilling, 90% of the wells have become pad drilling, but there is not a fundamental change there, the guys are just executing well.
Ed Westlake : And then on the shale program and obviously a massive cut in rigs, and obviously you do modeling on volumes probably to a far greater degree than we do from the outside. But are there any risk that you undershoot on volumes or you feel pretty comfortable about the trajectory you just outlined?
Matt Fox: I feel pretty comfortable, although for obvious -- the answer I gave earlier on what we expect of our Eagle Ford and Permian and Bakken production to do this year and into next year. Assuming that we do increase our rigs in the way that we intend to next year.
Ed Westlake : And then coming back to Doug's question on -- you know obviously people are going to focus a lot on cash flow margins and you got these big projects coming up. When do you reckon that APLNG Surmont will sort of hit what you think is sort of a peak operational cash flow? Obviously, whatever the macro gives at that point is a separate discussion.
Matt Fox: Yes. So, peak on both them really for a different reasons, peak operational cash flows in 2017, and for someone to do this because it takes a while as you know to build the steam chambers and ramp up production in the site B project, and in the case of APLNG, we’ll bring the first train on this year, it will be next year before we bring the second train on, so the first year that will have both trains running will be in 2017. So in both cases it will be 2017 before they fully contribute at their plateau rate and off course that rate will continue in both projects for a decades.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Herrlin from Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
John Herrlin: Two quick ones. You cut your Lower 48 rigs by over half. How many frac spreads are you running, Matt?
Matt Fox: Let’s see, I would say overall we’re probably running three or four, it varies a little bit, but I think three full time and fore if we -- occasionally, so that's our total spread to support to those rigs.
John Herrlin: Okay, great. And at Global you had a passing comment about you being disappointed with the geology. Can you elaborate a little bit more on that? That is it for me.
Matt Fox: Okay. So we've had two dry holes there in the campaign, the first at Kamoxi was basically the reservoir wasn't developed, as you know better than most these cabinet reservoirs are quite difficult to predict across the development and in the case of porosity just wasn't developed there. For Omosi porosity was developed, we did see good reservoir faces, but it was gas filled. So the fetch area was feeding into Omosi was overcooked. So two different reasons for the failures on those wells and that basin as a whole is a bit less predictable and then we are talking going in. There is a valley well that we’re drilling is actually testing a different play than the Omosi and Kamoxi wells were, so will see how that goes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Hi, folks. Good morning. Jeff, back on the balance sheet discussion previously, I am just curious, can you remind me if Libya?
Jeff Sheets: No we've not impaired Libya. For us we would have to see if there is some kind of view that there was a permanent loss of that concession before we really need to do an impairment.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. Offhand do you remember what kind of capital employed or anything on that asset?
Jeff Sheets: You know, I don’t know that number off the top of my head it’s on the order of a $0.5 billion, but I wouldn’t -- I am not sure exactly what that number is.
Blake Fernandez: No worries, that's fine. The second question, there has been a lot of discussion with the recent rise in commodity prices here with some of the E&Ps potentially layering in hedges. I know historically that has not been something that Conoco has enacted. But I didn't know if there was any new internal debate as to the potential benefits of doing that specifically for your Lower 48 activity?
Jeff Sheets: No, we take the portfolio approach to thinking about our cash flows. So we wouldn’t really think about doing it for one particular part of our portfolio. Generally our philosophy that we’ve talked about before hasn’t changed, we feel like hedging is by definition kind of zero sum game in terms of value and it’s one of the reasons we keep a strong balance sheet is to be able to handle the fluctuations in commodity price.
Operator: And our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: So there has been a lot of talk, sticking with the Lower 48, at what price signal does U.S. shale production start reaccelerating? And as a major U.S. player, not speaking specific to your portfolio, just wanted to get your perspective at what level that might occur, whether it's $60 WTI or $65 WTI or the range of outcomes. And how quickly can the industry bring back that production and what potential bottlenecks to bring that supply back online are?
Jeff Sheets: I can’t speak for the industry as to what price signal they might be looking for, it would certainly be a cash flow of a big impact on that as well. But in our plans we are planning the increases within 2016 modestly, but we’re going to increase as we move into 2016 and that’s in the anticipation of some continued recovery in prices. And in terms of the capacity clearly we’ve laid down quite a bit of rig and the completion and capacity. And that can be brought back relatively quickly. There is a flexible industry that we have in the Lower 48, so exactly how quickly people bring these back on will be a function of the cash that we wanted to back in and the what they see us be an efficient and see if we are could bring the rigs and the completion crews back to work. So I don’t think I answered your question very satisfactorily, but that’s the best I’ve got.
Neil Mehta: You got me there philosophically. And then, Matt, I should've asked you this question at the Analyst Day. But the $1 billion of the cost reduction program, that operating cost reduction target, how sensitive is that to the commodity price? Or do you think that is commodity agnostic?
Matt fox: Our intention is to make that commodity agnostic, for the most part we’re looking to get them a sustainable cost reductions through this effort. Now we’re going to get some fluctuations associated with exchange rates and with the changes in the deflationary environment but our focus is on getting structural cost reductions that we can sustain through the cycles.
Operator: And your next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: I guess I would like to ask about the price realization. It seemed a little bit -- well, at least relative to our expectations -- a little weak in the first quarter both on oil and gas. And I was wondering how much of that may just be a function of timing, how much of that is maybe some of the differentials we have seen or a mix of production kind of oil condensate, NGLs, et cetera, working its way through. And the final part of the question, as prices have been recovering does that help on realizations as we think about Q2 and Q3 potentially?
Jeff Sheets: So what we saw in the first quarter was that realizations were probably weaker than what people were expecting primarily in the Lower 48. For example I think our Lower 48 crude oil realization was closer to $40 where WTI was like 48.5 or so for the quarter. What we’re seeing is just a tough quarter for realizations a lost supply in the marketplace. The differentials that we’re seeing are not that different -- that we saw in the first quarter and not that different when we were in a $50 price environment and they were when we were at much higher price environment, but still kind of that same level differentials. I think we would expect to see kind of differentials improve in terms of kind of percent of marker realized and maybe some slight improvement in any kind of absolute levels of differentials as well. The differentials were tough because they were kind of tough across all commodities for us in the Lower 48 as well, just it’s tough on NGLs, oil and natural gas.
Roger Read: Yes, I was just wondering was there any -- I don't remember all the exact moving parts right here, but I am just saying was that a function of any more either a lighter crew that you are selling or a condensate barrel or just it just is what it is? I am just trying to understand.
Jeff Sheets: It's just little bit -- that’s just what the market was in the first quarter, is something really that fundamentally changed in our product mix or the quality of any of the products that were selling that would lead to that kind of differential.
Roger Read: Okay, thanks. And then on related follow-up. The changes in taxes in the UK, give us an idea of maybe how you characterize that. Is it that really helped? It's a nice first step but we need to see more? Does it change anything in terms of how you think about investing over the next say two years, which seems pretty well locked down in terms of expectations on the CapEx side, but it could help on a post 2017 environment?
Matt Fox: Yes. Roger, it helps, the U.K. sector needs as much help as it can get, so the help on the tax rate, it was welcomed. The simplification and broadening of the and uplift on capital is going to help us realize about 12% uplift now in capital when you go through the math and so this -- we’ll build only if we’re thinking as a thinking about overall investment portfolio over the next few years, but it’s certainly was a move in the right direction by the UK government.
Operator: And our next comes from Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Pavel Molchanov: Your guidance for exploration in dry hole $800 million for the year, you said it is unchanged. But it looked like Q1 was well above your annual run rate. So, does that imply that there is going to be a significant reduction in that expense line item as the year progresses?
Jeff Sheets: Yes, it does and by its nature dry hole cost is going to be pretty lumpy and we happen to have both the Harrier well and the Omosi well in Enochdhu hit in the first quarter. You could have quarters where the numbers really low, no well actually gets to TD during that quarter and it could be lumpy again later in the year. But as we look at the overall kind of balance of the year, we think the guidance that we gave at the Analyst Presentation still make sense.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. And then you've talked about some of the areas, where you are seeing cost savings that look pretty encouraging. Are there any operating areas where on the other hand costs have been surprisingly sticky, where you are not seeing the savings that perhaps you would have anticipated by this point?
Jeff Sheets: Are you talking about operating cost, Pavel or capital cost?
Pavel Molchanov: I guess more on the CapEx side.
Jeff Sheets: What we're seeing in this in more rapid response in the Lower 48 and other parts of the company and we expect to see some deflation kicking in and we’re already asking some in our international business, but there is a this coming more slowly I mean it's what we've anticipate is coming more slowly from the international business, but it's come very rapidly in the Lower 48 and but we've build in build that sort of the trend, as we anticipated into our expectations of the deflation and we do expect to see those reductions coming in the international over the next several months.
Operator: And we have a question from Asit Sen from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead. 
Asit Sen: Thanks. Good morning. Matt, just wanted to get your views on the recent industry debate on refracking in the unconventional. And if I could ask two questions on that. First, from Conoco's vantage point what is new in the technology offering that you are seeing? And second, within your portfolio where do you see the most relevance? And if you could frame that on a risk reward context, please?
Matt Fox: Yes. So, we have been running some refracs in our portfolio and some using the diverter sort of technology some just basically straight that pumping the new fracs with existing pairs and somewhat new paths so we’ll be testing a few and the area that we’re seeing the best uplift is as you would expect are our older wells where we pumped smaller jobs with wider spacing so they -- we see some potential there and it’s particularly in wells that were drilled a few years ago and more recently drilled well, so we are continuing to evaluate that, but there is some -- certainly some upside potential.
Operator: I was just turning the call around to managements for final comments.
Ellen DeSanctis: That's terrific. Really we appreciate everybody's questions and comments obviously feel free to come back to us if you didn't get your questions answered. But we're going to give you back a little bit of time here again. Thank you for participating and we look forward to staying in touch with all of you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen DeSanctis - Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications Ryan Lance - Chairman and CEO Jeff Sheets - EVP, Finance and CFO Matt Fox - EVP, Exploration & Production
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank Of America Merrill Lynch Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets John Herrlin - Societe Generale Guy Baber - Simmons & Company Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Paul Cheng - Barclays Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Alastair Syme - Citi Roger Reid - Wells Fargo Phil Gresh - JPMorgan
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2014 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Christine, and greetings to everybody. Joining me in the room today are Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Fox, our EVP of E&P. Really three quick very administrative points before we launch into our remarks here, we will make some forward-looking statements this morning. The risks and uncertainties in our future performance are covered on page two of today’s deck and in our periodic filings with the SEC. This information can also found on our website. Next, if you haven’t done so, save the date for our 2015 Analyst Meeting on April 8th in New York City. We will be providing some additional logistical details on that event soon. And then, finally, during Q&A this morning, we are going to limit questions to one with a follow-up, so we can accommodate the call queue, we appreciate your support there. So, now let me turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen, and thanks to all our call participants this morning. So I will start by making few quick comments about 2014. Then I will jump into our view of 2015 and the actions we are taking to manage through this current period of very low prices. Of course, we are also spending a lot of time thinking about the future beyond 2015. It’s bit early to talk about -- that today, but as Ellen mentioned, we will speak to that at our April Analyst Meeting, where we will be ready to address our longer term view of the sector and how we are positioned to succeed. So if you turn to slide four, this is our company level set in chart that we show during every quarterly call. Certainly, ’14 seems like old news, but I think it’s important to spend a minute recapping our results for the year. Operationally, we hit our volume targets and achieved 4% year-on-year growth and I think that’s pretty big accomplishment for a company our size. The growth came from the startup of five major projects, ongoing ramp up in the Eagle Ford and Bakken, and a successful turnaround season across our operations and we also discovered two new oil plays in Offshore Senegal. Financially, we generated $6.6 billion of adjusted earnings or $5.30 per share for the year. This includes fourth quarter adjusted earnings of $742 million or $0.60 a share. Obviously, reflecting weak fourth quarter prices. We ended the year with $5.1 billion of cash on the balance sheet and also exceeded our price normalized cash margin growth target with more than an 8% improvement. On the strategic front, we achieved a strong organic reserve replacement ratio of 124%. By the way the three-year average organic reserve replacement ratio is 153%. We completed the final piece of our announced asset disposition program with the closing of the Nigeria sale and we increased our dividend by 5.8%. That’s a quick summary. The key takeaway here is that we did what we said we would do, not just in ’14, but also over the past three years since the launch as an independent E&P company. We executed our stated plan almost to the letter and in the last quarter oil and gas prices began their accelerated decline. So let me discuss what that price decline means for our company in 2015 if you will turn to slide five. There is a lot of debate right now about the duration of the current low oil prices. But we are assuming that they will stay low for 2015 and we are taking decisive actions accordingly. Our actions are driven by our priorities, which are unchanged since the time of the spin. The dividend remains our top priority for capital allocation. The next size priority remains getting to cash flow neutrality in 2017. With these priorities in mind, we are going to use our capital and the balance sheet flexibility to manage through this downturn. So, first CapEx, this morning we announced a further reduction in 2015 capital to $11.5 billion. That’s a $2 billion lower than the $13.5 billion that we announced in early December. This means we cut capital by a third relative to 2014’s spending. In making these cuts we are exercising flexibility we have built over the past few years coring up the portfolio, adding scalable unconventional inventory with the low cost to supply and executing the vast majority of our major project spending. And that’s why we can adjust our capital program, while preserving future investment opportunities. And in 2016 you will see more capital flexibility as additional major project spending continues to roll-off. At our revised capital level, we still expect to deliver 2% to 3% growth in 2015 versus 2014. Now in addition to conserving capital through scope reductions, we are aggressively identifying and capturing cost savings through our supply chain efforts. At this time, our revised $11.5 million budget anticipates capturing about $500 million of deflation in ’15. Most of this will come from our Lower 48 unconventional business. Now my management, myself, we review two dozen categories of costs globally every month and we are actively pursuing additional cost reductions for this year and beyond. As one of the largest purchasers of industry goods and services globally, we expect to benefit significantly in future years before any sustain deflationary cycle. We are also looking beyond supply chain to reduce costs through self-help efforts. As an example in Europe, we recently announced operating cost and G&A reductions, and we will see additional cost reductions that are being implemented across the rest of the company. In addition to managing OpEx and CapEx, one of the flexibility levers we are prepared to use in 2015 is our balance sheet. We are coming into this cycle in a strong position and that will serve us well. We have cash on hand and the significant capacity that we can use and Jeff will provide more detail on those plans. So we are taking the 2015 challenge on. We are conserving CapEx. We are aggressively pursing supply chain and self-help cost reductions. We will utilize our financial capacity as needed. We’ve adjusted rapidly to avoid jeopardizing our dividend or our ability to achieve cash flow neutrality by 2017. These decisive actions combined with our flexibility should put us in a good stead to manage through this downturn. So, now let me turn the call over to Jeff and Matt and then I will come back for a few closing comments.
Jeff Sheets: Thanks, Ryan. As Ryan mentioned, our full year 2014 adjusted earnings were $6.6 billion, our full year earnings slide is in the appendix, but I will quickly cover fourth quarter earnings. Fourth quarter 2014 adjusted earnings were $742 million or $0.60 a share. Our operational performance was overshadowed by a roughly 20% drop in realized prices compared to prior periods and a previously announced dry hole in Angola. Our segment breakdown of earnings is shown in the lower right with more detail provided in the supplemental data on our website. There is one special item to note, in the fourth quarter, an agreement to terminate our long-term obligations at the Freeport LNG terminal took effect. The ins and outs for the income statement and cash flow are shown in the appendix, but as a result of the transaction, the company anticipate saving about $50 million per annually over the next 18 years, so this was a good long-term economic decision. On slide eight, I will cover our 2014 production from continuing operations. We achieved two important milestones in 2014, namely, hitting our growth targets for production and margin growth. Our production growth for the year excluding Libya was 4% from 1,472 to 1,532 BOE per day. The impact from downtime and dispositions was small and compared to last year our net growth was over 60,000 BOE per day, primarily from liquids in area with favorable fiscals. We also achieved our cash margin growth target and that’s shown on slide nine. For 2014, we achieved an 8% cash margin improvement when normalized on 2013 prices. Despite lower prices, we are not going to lose our focus on cash margins and in fact, it’s as important as ever. Next, I will review our 2014 cash flow waterfall on slide 10. We started the year with $6.5 billion in cash and short-term investments and generated about $16 billion of cash from operating activities. We captured about $1.2 billion of net proceeds from dispositions, mostly from Nigeria. Our 2014 capital expenditures were about $17 billion. After accounting for dividends and debt, we ended the cash -- we ended the year with $5.1 billion in cash. Next, I will address the balance sheet flexibility we are prepared to exercise in 2015 as needed. So please turn to slide 11. We've consistently spoken in the last several years about our plans to grow at a moderate rate, while paying a strong dividend to our shareholders. The growth in our cash flow was moving us to a position where cash from operations would fund our capital and the dividend in 2017, with the shortfalls in cash flows funded largely by asset sale proceeds. With much lower commodity prices, we like the rest of industry need to manage in an environment with reduced cash flow. As Ryan mentioned, even with this dramatic downturn, we remain committed to our strong dividend and reaching cash flow neutrality in 2017. And that's true across a wide range of commodity prices. As Ryan also noted, the first action we’ve taken is to exercise flexibility in our capital program, which becomes more flexible over the next couple of years. To achieve our priorities, we will also be using our strong balance sheet capacity, both cash balances and increased borrowings to provide funding this year and next. So let me tell you how we are thinking about this? We ended 2015 with $5.1 billion of cash on our balance sheet and we need about a $1 billion of that cash to operate the company. We don't have any issues with trapped cash that prevent us from accessing our cash balances. We have ready access to the credit markets and our debt continues to trade at levels between those of A and AA rated companies. The chart on the right shows indicative borrowing rates for any new issuances in today’s markets. For short-term funding, we have a $6 billion of revolving credit facility capacity that can serve as a backstop for the issuance of very low-cost commercial paper. We don’t have any debt maturities in 2015. As we assess commodity price environment, both in 2015 and for the next few years, we think it’s unlikely that we will need to increase our debt to a level that would cause our credit ratings to slip out of the single-A credit rating range. Although, it could move lower within the A range, if we stay with the current commodity price environment for a long period. Our current debt-to-capital ratio is about 30%. We are willing to let that ride if necessary, as we move the company to a balance of cash flows, capital expenditures and dividends in 2017. So to summarize, we intend to maintain our strong dividend and continue exercising our increasing capital flexibility, to move the company to cash flow neutrality in 2017. Our level of capital spending, rate of growth and the level of debt that we maintain will be the variables that would be influenced by commodity prices. Now, I will turn the call over to Matt for his operational comments.
Matt Fox: Thanks, Jeff. I want to begin my comments with a brief recap of 2014, beginning with the review of our reserve performance. These are preliminary numbers, but we don’t expect any material changes when the final reserves are published in our 10-K. We started the year with 8.9 billion BOE of reserves, repurchased 598 million and added 742 million organically. These additions came primarily from our Lower 48, APME and Canada assets. This resulted in an organic reserve replacement ratio of 124%. We also sold 159 million BOE, mostly from Nigeria and ended the year with 8.9 billion barrels of reserves. That represents a total reserve replacement ratio of 97%. Over the past three years, our total reserve replacement has averaged 129% and that’s after selling assets, which generated about $14 billion of proceeds. So let me put that all in perspective. We were launched as an E&P three years ago with 8.4 billion barrels of reserves on the books. Over that time, we’ve produced more than 1.5 billion barrels and sold over 400 million barrels and yet, we will exit 2014 with 8.9 billion barrels of high-quality reserves on the books. That’s pretty impressive for a company of our size. Now, I want to recap the 2014 operational highlights that contributed to our reserve performance and a 4% production growth. As Ryan and Jeff mentioned, we achieved our production growth target, both for the fourth quarter and for the year. Our base assets continued to perform well, with strong safety performance and successfully completed several major turnarounds across the portfolio. We achieved another strong year in the unconventionals, with 35% annual growth in the Eagle Ford and Bakken. We also conducted multiple pilot tests and progressed exploration and appraisal activities across our whole unconventional portfolio. And as a result of this work, we are confident that we have an extensive profitable engine in this place for many years to come. We achieved startups of five major projects across the business: Britannia long-term compression in the U.K., Foster Creek Phase F in the oil sands and Gumusut, Kebabangan and SNP in Malaysia. And we made significant progress on our largest major projects at APLNG and Surmont 2 in preparation for startup this year. We saw progress in our deepwater program and particular with two discoveries in the new working petroleum system, Offshore Senegal. And we continued appraisal of three major discoveries in the Gulf of Mexico. Yesterday was announced that we signed an agreement with Chevron and BP to jointly explore and appraise a 24 block area in Keathley Canyon. That includes a Tiber and Gila discoveries. This agreement allows our companies to combine our technical strengths and financial resources to achieve efficiency through scale, which is subsurface risk and improve the likelihood of commerciality. So this is a great deal for all three parties. Next, I will review the capital reductions we just announced and the implications for 2015 activities. We will start from the $13.5 billion capital guidance we issued in December. We are not reducing our base maintenance capital because we don’t want to jeopardize the strength of our base production or the integrity of our assets. Our development program spending will be lower by about $1.4 billion. Most of this is coming out of Lower 40 unconventionals where we have a lot of flexibility and where there is a sound economic rationale for slowing the pace of development. In 2015, we will reduce rigs in the Lower Eagle Ford -- in the Lower 48 by over 60% versus 2014. We plan to run six rigs in the Eagle Ford, three in the Bakken and two each in the Permian conventional and unconventional. At these levels, we maintain our land position via longer-term rig commitments and can continue to progress key pilot tests. We retain the flexibility to increase activity in this place of reduced. We are also reducing capital for our major projects by defending final investment decisions in several conventional assets. Just as a reminder, our initial budget of $13.5 billion already reflected a significant reduction in this category compared to 2014, as projects were completed and as we near startup of APLNG and Surmont. We also exercised $300 million of flexibility in our exploration and appraisal spend, primarily in the emerging Lower 48 unconventionals. As Ryan mentioned, our $11.5 billion capital guidance assumes about $500 million of cost deflation. This is why we have a clear line of sight to capture in 2014 but is early in the year and you can be assured that we have a significant focus on this effort across the whole value chain. In 2016 and ‘17, the flexibility of our capital portfolio continues to improve as more major projects are completed. And we believe that flexibility combined with the strong base portfolio positions us well for a potentially volatile few years ahead. Next, I’ll quickly cover our operational priorities for 2015. We expect to grow production by 2% to 3% from 2014 to 2015. And this includes an expected first quarter production rate of between $1.57 and $1.61 million barrels per day. Walking through the segments, in Alaska, we’re focused on progressing our development drilling programs and major projects at CD-5 and Drill Site 2S. Both projects are expected to start up in the fourth quarter of this year. We intend to sanction the first phase of the Northeast West Sak development, the 1H NEWS project and we’ll continue to progress a new rotary rig and new coil tubing drilling rig to optimize our long-term development drilling inventory in Alaska. But we have decided to defer final investment decision on the GMT1 project. New onshore Lower 48 unconventional activity will slow across the portfolio relative to 2014. We’ll continue to evaluate pilot tests including the upper Eagle Ford with our triple stack development concept. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we’ll continue to appraise existing discoveries. We have wells drilling at Gila and Tiber right now and anticipate additional appraisal well drilling in Shenandoah later this year. In Canada, we are adjusting our conventional and unconventional development drilling activity. Oil sands production from Foster Creek F will continue to ramp up. Surmont 2 is on track for first steam in mid-2015 and will commence exploration drilling offshore Nova Scotia later this year. In Europe, Ekofisk South and Eldfisk II continue to ramp up and we’ll continue to progress on the Enochdhu and older projects. In the Asia-Pacific and Middle East segment, APLNG is on track for startup in the middle of the year. We’re ramping up Gumusut in Malaysia and we’re awaiting third-party pipeline repairs to have low production to ramp up at KBB which we expect to start in the middle of the year. We’ll also complete appraisal of the Barossa Field, offshore Australia. And in our event, in national segment, we’ll continue to monitor circumstances in Libya, evaluate the results of our recent testing in Poland, begin appraisal work offshore Senegal and continue to execute our exploratory drilling programs in Angola and Columbia. So again, another busy year ahead of us. And in any price environment, we’re committed to safely executing our programs and delivering flexible growth for retaining high-value future auctions and inventory. Now, I’ll turn the call back to Ryan for his closing remarks.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Matt. So let me recap what you’ve heard today. I think we delivered again in 2014. But certainly that was then and now it’s all about 2015 and it’s all about flexibility in Brazilians which we believe we have both. Our priorities are clear, dividend and cash flow neutrality. And we’re taking immediate actions to defend them. We’re cutting CapEx, capturing cost improvements and exercising our balance sheet if needed. And we’re also thinking about the timeframe beyond 2015. We’re asking ourselves what's changed in our industry, if anything for the longer term. We’re testing our portfolio under different scenarios and again we’ll see what -- we’ll see that we have a resilient portfolio with flexibility to adapt if circumstances warrant. Now some things might change, but here’s what’s not going to change. We’re going to allocate capital prudently. We’ll continue to migrate our portfolio to a lower cost of supply. We’ll maintain capital and financial flexibility and we’ll pay our shareholders first. That’s our formula for creating long-term shareholder value. And I look forward to seeing you and describing that in more detail in April in New York. So with that, now let me turn the call back over to the operator and we’ll take some Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. Folks, I wonder if I could dig into the cash flow neutrality question a little bit because obviously the dividend is still a big commitment for you guys. When you separated Phillips, you -- I think Jim at that time had talked about maintenance capital level of around $10 billion to hold production flat. I guess what I'm trying to understand is to Matt's comments, obviously that was $100 oil. So one assumes that costs are going to drop at some point, but also had a slightly different portfolio and you've had a bunch of new projects come online a longer life or will come online rather. So what is that number today assuming -- as it stands today, and maybe assuming some cost reductions over time? And I've got a follow-up, please.
Ryan Lance: So I think the Doug, a number of $9 to $10 billion to keep production flat is a good go-by from that. It I mean, it clearly is going to be a function of how much deflation we see, this sustained deflation across the industry. And -- but the -- a number of that sort of magnitude is good go-by for the time being.
Doug Leggate: So, when you talk about cash flow neutrality, I don't know if this is either Jeff or Matt, but what commodity deck are you assuming when you think about that for 2017?
Jeff Sheets: That might be a comment that Matt made about capital. That also depends on what kind of cost deflation we see in both capital cost and operating cost. We don’t expect that prices are going to maintain at current levels for that period of time. So we would be at cash flow neutrality at some improvement over current price levels but not at a level as high as what we’ve experienced recently.
Matt Fox: So Doug, what I would say is that we see modestly rising price that go over the course of the next few years but certainly not back to a level that we see in the last two or three years.
Doug Leggate: Got it. My follow-up, if I may, Ryan is probably one for you. It's really more of a high-level strategy question because we could debate over the years what the market looks for out of Conoco. Your unique offering obviously is the dividend, but top line for a company of your size is always going to be relatively modest at best. So when you think about the trade-off between portfolio high grading, bringing new projects on and perhaps monetizing or exiting other areas, with the potential to buy back shares when you do get a windfall of oil prices as we may have just had the last several years. How do you see the strategic rationale of continuing to pursue top line growth in a volatile oil price environment as opposed to continuous high grading with a very strong yield and the option to buy back stock? I'm just kind of curious as to how this oil price environment changes your thinking. 
Ryan Lance: Yeah. I think as I look out, we probably should expect with some of the modest growth that we’re seeing in demand and really the resiliency that we see and the unconventionals having an impact on the supply, we’re going to be in a more volatile world as we go ahead. So as I think about that strategically for the company, we’re trying to build the company that has a solid base of legacy assets, low production decline, the things that you can underpin the dividend with overtime. So as we bring on the oil sands, our legacy assets in Alaska, what we’re doing in Europe in the North Sea, what we’re building in Asia-Pacific. And then on top of that, we’re moving to lower cost of supply in the portfolio through the addition of the unconventional portfolio that we’re developing here in North America. And that provides us a lot of resilience and flexibility to the capital. So we’ll see what you commodity price gives us, we’ll protect the dividend first and then with what’s left over in the cash flow, we’ll fund a capital program that will set the growth that we see coming out of that because we know the growth is directly related to that capital program. When it comes to share buyback, we will just assess what we have in terms of capital opportunities in the portfolio, if they are good, strong returns which we think they're going to be with the unconventional inventory that we have. We will judge that against the opportunity for share buyback down the road.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson: Good morning, everybody.
Ryan Lance: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Terreson: Ryan, one of your competitors indicated today that service costs have not declined as much as might be expected given the decline in oil and gas prices. And while there is always going to be lag effects and different contract durations and other things, I want to see if you would elaborate further on what ConocoPhillips has seen in the market, and whether service costs lag effects were an important factor in today’s reduction in spending, or there is lower prices? And then also some of the specific initiatives that you guys were undertaking that led to the $500 million benefit that you talked about a few minutes ago.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, sure, Doug, I can chime in and Matt is even closer to it than I am, so I can let him add some color to it if he would like. But we’ve -- so as he said, we are seeing reductions as we -- as rigs start rolling off onshore, rig rates will be coming down. We are seeing pumping services and some of the commodities, and we are tracking each of those. We have 20 different categories that we track on the supply chain side, and we are looking at them pretty closely. So a lot of those are coming to the capital side, some go to the OpEx side. What we said is we’ve got pretty clear line of sight to the $500 million of reductions that we factored in, but those are going to continue as this commodity price environment continues into 2015 and depending on the recovery that we see coming into 2016. We are all over it. We are looking to try to capture as much of that as we can. The interesting sort of piece that you get, although reductions and the flexibility that we’re exercising is in North America and that’s where we expect to see a lot of the first reductions from capturing the deflation. So I don’t know, Matt -- I think that’s where we are all over Doug and here is as much as we can out of it and as quickly as we can.
Doug Terreson: Okay. Well, thanks a lot, guys.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Doug.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. I would like to dig into I guess CapEx and flexibility or just a little bit more. And you cite your maintenance CapEx is around $9 billion to $10 billion. But when you sit back and look at kind of major project spend, as I think you cited, you’re seeing a reduction in 2016, 2017. Can you give us a sense of what the size of that might be and how much you guys think you need to spend annually on those longer-dated projects, whether you have them today or you need to build them for kind of long-term growth opportunities?
Matt Fox: Well, as we move from 2015 and 2016, we will see about $2 billion coming out of our major capital projects, CapEx requirements just from Surmont and APLNG. So that’s why we’re referring to have significant increase and flexibility from '15 to '16 and that trend continues, the several hundred millions, not billions of barrels as we go from '16 -- billions of dollars as we go from '16 to '17, but that trend of reducing capital going to major projects and increasing capital going to the flexible low cost to supply development program. That’s an underlying part of the strategy that we’ve been executing for the past few years. And we are in the middle of that and adjustments to overall investment portfolio right now and for the next couple of years.
Scott Hanold: Okay. So if I can kind of clarify, if I look at that $11.5 billion 2015 budget, call it you will take out $2.5 billion for some of these major projects and that gets you to somewhat that maintenance capital level?
Matt Fox: That’s the good way of thinking about it. And that’s close enough.
Scott Hanold: Okay. I appreciate that. And one follow-up question then on your rig count reductions, obviously it was pretty meaningful in the U.S. onshore. And when you look at plays like the Bakken, Eagle Ford, and Permian, can you give us sense when you are drilling your projects today, when you sit there and look at three, four and six rig counts, you assume that this will be economic at currency spot prices, strip priced or better price? And just to give you some context, I know there is a lot of debate whether or not the Bakken is economic today so why should there be any rigs drilling there today.
Matt Fox: Yes. So we are in the sweet spot of the Bakken and we can -- with the rig rates and the rates that we are getting, it’s economic at current conditions, but we are actually taking that all the way down to three rigs this year. We do have some commitments within some of the units and the Bakken where we have to run some rigs in the Bakken. The Eagle Ford is still very economic even at the current prices. But having said, it makes more economic sense to be fair. So what we are dealing with in the Eagle Ford is that a balance of, we have some commitments. We need to run probably three legs to meet commitments on our leasehold and we are also keen to continue to learn on Eagle Ford, because we have a huge inventory to develop over the next couple of decades and we want to make that we are capturing all the learnings. So we’ve chosen to continue with some of our pilot tests as we go through 2015. And our expectation is that some of the capital flexibility appears more into next year, they were likely to increase our rig count and take advantage of what maybe higher prices, but certainly will be deflated costs.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Herrlin of Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
John Herrlin: Yes, hi. Addressing the service costs another way, are you getting discounts from book rates, or are you going to be able to get longer-term rates at discount, or is it too early regarding fracking the rigs, etcetera?
Matt Fox: So there is a mixture both going on John. I mean, this isn’t a great time to enter into long term commitments. We waited until we see how the deflation works its way through the system, but we are working with the suppliers. We’ve got great relationship with the suppliers and we’re looking at across the spectrum of things influence the capital and operating cost and making judgments everyday on what the most prudent thing to do as in terms of contract duration and commitments against reducing costs that we are seeing.
John Herrlin: Okay. Thanks, Matt. One other question. It’s a more volatile world. Given the short cycle nature of shale based activity, would you ever institute a hedging program for the shale or just given your size realistic?
Matt Fox: Yeah, I think the latter is the case John. With our size, we are naturally hedged across a lot of commodities and the markers. So given our size of where we are at, we don’t see that is a useful strategy right now.
John Herrlin: Great. Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons & Company. Please go ahead.
Guy Baber: Good afternoon, everybody.
Ryan Lance: Hello, Guy.
Guy Baber: I had question on your 2015 production. And I was trying to get a better sense of the general trend as we progress through the year, especially for the US unconventional portfolio. So could you help frame for us perhaps what kind of the 2015 exit rate production expectations might be for Lower 48 on the current capital spending plans and then any early expectations on 2016 with current rig count levels would be much appreciated? And then I have a follow-up.
Matt Fox: Well, Guy, I think you are really trying to focus in on unconventionals in that portfolio. So to give you a sense of that, we expect a production from the Eagle Ford and Bakken will grow from about 200,000 barrels a day in 2014 to about 225,000 a day in 2015, so somewhere between the 10% and 15% increase. That production growth is all going to come through the first half of the year. And then if we state the rig counts that we said just now, we’re going again to a slow decline in both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. Not a rapid decline but a slow decline and that’s going to continue into early 2016. So early 2016 average rate will be -- is going to be a function of the numbers of rigs we decide to run and we -- and as I said earlier, we do expect to increase our rigs in Eagle Ford and Bakken in ‘16, so production maybe flat from ‘15 to ’16, but time will tell. So, growing production on average year-on-year from ‘14 to ‘15, all of that growth is seen in the early part, the first half of the year and then a slow decline through the third and fourth quarter.
Guy Baber: That’s very helpful, Matt. And then my follow-up, I wanted to kind of walk through some of the implications of the low rig count. And you partially address this in your prepared comments, Matt. But how do you think about reduced investment levels materially but still retaining the practical ability to quickly flex those activity levels higher if the commodity price improves? And then secondly, can you just address just with the focus on minimizing spending and maximizing efficiencies. Your ability to still continue with some of your experimentation to drive a long-term recourse upside, I mean, are those plans still going to in place in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken as well with the lower rig count? So any comments you can provide there would be great.
Matt Fox: Yeah. So we -- the organization that we have in the Lower 48 is flexible enough to bring the rigs down and bring the rigs back up, if we want to do that. So that flexibility exists. And we’re exercising our flexibility now and we done and we will be able to do it on the way back up again. So the organizational flexibility and the relationships with the suppliers and so on, that’s all in hand to go both ways. And in terms of the continued experimentation, yeah, we have to chock back somewhat on the pace of learning. We can’t do all of the pilot tests that we’d like to do, because you need to be drilling wells to do some of those. But the critical pilot tests that really have the biggest implications for our long-term resource and understanding. We’re going to continue with those sort of pilot tests through this downturn because they have implications of the value of our information for the long-term. We think is worth continuing to collect.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Hey, folks. Good morning. I have a question on slide seven. It looks like you provide the regional breakout of your adjusted earnings. And it looks, I hate to put a too much emphasis on just one quarter, but it looks like the Lower 48 actually saw a loss compared to the other regions and then, obviously, you’re cutting CapEx in the Lower 48 as well? I guess my view is that that was one of the main drivers of margin expansion going forward? And so could you maybe elaborate a little bit on the economics that you’re seeing there compared to the other investment opportunities that you have?
Ryan Lance: So, Blake, in the Lower 48 in the fourth quarter, there were around $100 million or so of an impairments that happened between and then also some dry hole cost related to the Shenandoah appraisal well that we wrote out as well, which impacted that loss somewhat. But having said that, it will be a challenging year coming forward for Lower 48 based on the fact that there is still a fairly heavy natural gas weighting in the Lower 48 production. It is, as Matt mentioned, the economics are still there for continued investments that we are making and those are good cash margin investments. But it is going to be a challenging 2015 at current commodity price levels in the Lower 48.
Blake Fernandez: Sure. Understood. Okay. And then the second question is on the commitment to the dividend. I fully appreciate kind of the differentiated strategy and having that as a top priority? But you kind of mentioned debt-to-capita increase and potentially investment grade could go below AA or A? Is there a level that we should kind of think about where you begin to have to rethink that that strategy and emphasis on the dividend whether it would be investment grade rating or certain debt-to-cap level?
Matt Fox: As we mentioned in our remarks on call, we look at a lot of different scenarios that might happen over the next couple of years. We think between the capital flexibility that we have, the potential that we could have some level of asset sales in the mix and the cash balance that we’re starting with. So we don’t think, we’re going to be having to face the question of having more borrowings than would take us out of that A credit rating range. With -- and again that’s part of the overall message here is that that’s baking in the dividend is the first priority for how we’re using our cash flow.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. A - Ryan Lance Hi, Paul
Paul Cheng: Good afternoon. And couple quick question if I could. Maybe this is for Matt and Jeff. If you are looking at your supply cost, do you have a rough percentage? How much of that supply cost is currently under contract longer than two years?
Matt Fox: Supply cost, you mean like our rigs and so on?
Paul Cheng: Yeah. Rig or anything that relate to your upstream operation.
Matt Fox: And well, in our North America business and certainly in Canada on the Lower 48, there is a very, very little that extends beyond one year. And in terms of rig contracts, most of them are 30 days, if we move to the international business, there is some in U.K. and Alaska there and Norway that are on longer term contracts than that. But it’s typically, it’s not common for us to have a significant amount of our drilling development led portfolio and constrained by long-term contracts.
Paul Cheng: So should we -- Matt, should we assume that more than 50% of your supply cost base that you could potentially not seeing cost reduction relatively quick timeline?
Matt Fox: Say that again. You are looking at the opportunities to get deflation and to ….
Paul Cheng: That’s correct. But how quickly that [indiscernible], because you have a lot of your surface is under long-term contract and maybe that you can negotiate even though that you are still under contract, but normally that people don’t like to allow that, but -- so that’s what I am trying to understand. How quickly is that the saving will be able to pass-through?
Matt Fox: So when me see it most quickly in the onshore and North American business in this and particularly in Canada in Lower 48. We’re not going to see it, for example in the APLNG project. We are now almost a 100% labor cost. We’re not likely to see labor cost in Australia decrease over the next year. And same applies really to the Surmont 2 project in Canada where that’s all labor just now and we don’t anticipate any significant labor cost reductions over the next few months as we complete the project. So the short answer is that the major projects are going to see limited and slower deflationary and forces act on them and the development programs everywhere, but in particular in Canada and Lower 48 are going to see it more quickly.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Second question, this is for Ryan. Ryan, understand your priority in protecting dividend. What is, as the industry under stress and there’s a great opportunity of rise and you make a choice between making an acquisition, but that has to dramatically cut your dividend subsequently to ensure that you have sufficient cash flow going forward? What that, how that choice will be made from your standpoint? I mean, how you balance that?
Ryan Lance: Well, Paul, it’s an interesting scenario to try to think about that, but it’s a tough one to anticipate a little bit over because we’re focused on executing the plan that we have. We watch the M&A market. We see the assets that are out there. The issue with M&A in our portfolio is it’s got to compete against the investments that we have in the portfolio already today. And it’s a pretty big hurdle for it to climb over. So, I wouldn’t speculate on where that might go.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Hey. Thanks. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Maybe one follow-up on activity levels and balance sheet. I guess as we look forward into 2016 -- you probably implied on reaching the 2017 cash flow neutrality target, even if the current capital, CapEx balance and dividend rate would imply relatively significant ramp in cash flow potentially from commodity prices in the 2017, as is so. What would you need to see -- I guess in the market, either from a cost or from a commodity point of view to actually start adding capital back to the budget as apposed to just letting things play out through 2017?
Matt Fox: So what we said is that I mean, that we are going to have a lower capital to be flexible and to manage within our cash flow and maintain the dividend, so the capital is going to flex and we have the portfolio to allow that to happen. So when we say that we are going to get to cash flow neutrality in 2017, there is a bunch of different ways that that could transpire. It could transpire through higher prices with more capital and more production or lower prices with less capital and less production growth. So, we model all of these scenarios and we are planning to talk more about this, Ryan, when we have our Analyst Day in April.
Ryan Lance: The capital, Ryan, is the flywheel. So, again, we started with dividends being the number one priority. We’ll fund that out of the cash flow. The growth will come from whatever capital level that we set in the commodity price and the cash flows informs that. And then we are setting that level to make sure that we reach cash flow neutrality by 2017. And as Matt said across very scenarios of combination of capital and oil price projections, we are focused on getting there in 2017.
Ryan Todd: Hey. I appreciate lots of moving pieces in the equation. Just trying to get an idea if there is a level that you would think about that would have to see, at least to actually star -- to star putting some money back into the business incrementally from what you have now?
Jeff Sheets: We won’t let cash flow neutrality move out beyond 2017. So, I think that’s the stakes you can put in the ground, Ryan.
Ryan Todd: Okay. That’s helpful.
Matt Fox: It could move closer depending on the commodity price levels and what the market gives us.
Ryan Todd: That’s helpful. And then if I could ask on the -- on what you are seeing on the cost environment. I know you talked a little bit -- am I correct in understanding that the vast majority of the $500 million CapEx catch that you’ve implied in the budget today that have come in the U.S. and if -- and either way, can you talk a little bit -- we have a little bit more visibility, I think generally in what we see in the U.S? But can you talk a little bit about what you are seeing globally on cost across deepwater or major capital price and those types of things in the current environment?
Jeff Sheets: Well. I think, Matt’s trying to address that. And we see it will be slower in the major projects and those like APLNG and Surmont that have a large labor component. That’s going to take a long time to work through the system depending on how long the down cycle is .We do see deepwater floater rigs coming off quite a bit. So the market today is quite a bit less than it was just a couple or a year ago maybe this time a year ago. So we do see pieces of that tubular goods, Oil Country Tubular Goods, we see that coming down, and that’s a commodity that we use across the world. So where we have development in drilling programs, and we use workovers and stuff, we see some of that flowing through as well. So it is -- my category, it’s different by each category, and it’s different around the world. And the $500 million that we were talking about is something that we’ve got pretty clear line of sight on to capture this year, and that will continue into ‘16.
Operator: Thank you our next question is from Edward Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward Westlake: Yes good morning. Good discussions so far and I am going to have to stick with CapEx then ask some smaller questions. Just on the $4.5 billion of major project spend given that you do have APLNG heavy oil and some large projects in Malaysia that are going to finish hopefully at some point in ‘15. It might be a help to us to maybe give us some color as to just on the existing projects. How might that look in 2016, forget cost deflation, but just the timing of the -- CapEx cycle?
Matt Fox: So roughly speaking the -- we are going to see -- so let me give you some specifics. So APLNG will grow from something like $1.6 billion this year to 0 next year. Surmont will grow from about $800 million this year to about $250 million next year. So there is a tip that few have been sort of high level. And yes, few of those biggest projects -- so there are few projects that are increasing in capital year-on-year which has been the clear rich projects and as towards closer we’ll see a slight increase in capital there next year. And same with the Malikai project in Malaysia, but overall we are going to see something greater than $2 billion coming off the -- in the mix between those larger, the biggest projects we’re executing, coming to an end, and some smaller projects that are already in execution ramping up a bit.
Edward Westlake: With the cash flow from those and then that provides more confidence to add back rigs into shell so...
Matt Fox: Well that’s right. -- Actually you make a good point there. Because one other things about the projects like APLNG and Surmont for example, is they’ll start producing this year. But it won’t actually got to a peak raise for a full year until 2017. So they are going to be continuing to contribute the growth long after the capital spend even as the Surmont project takes three years to ramp up, APLNG won’t actually get to peak production until some time early in 2016. And the KBB project in Malaysia, we might only get half -- despite the fact of the project is complete, but waiting on this pipeline being appeared, we might only get half a year of production from KBB this year. But we get full year of production in 2015, and so on. I mean so this will be -- and we are happy that these major projects that they are getting to completion, not just because of that to spend the CapEx but because now we are going to reap the reward over the next several years of contributing, growing our base productions through these long life -- many of the long life flat production projects.
Edward Westlake: Okay.
Jeff Sheets: So little bit more point on Matt said as well. If you go back to our Analyst Presentation last April, we talked some numbers about how much cash, we are going to expect to see coming out APLNG and out of FCCL, once those things are up and running kind of a full rates by 2017. And those are lower numbers of oil commodity prices, but it’s still a pretty significant source of cash for us. And that is an important part of the equation of getting the cash flow neutrality in 2017
Edward Westlake: And just on APLNG, just as a follow-up, how will you be treating, I guess, the CBM drilling cost? Would that be in CapEx or you put that in the OpEx just more of the modeling question. The maintenance CapEx on that project, which can be quite significant I think?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Because the fact that APLNG is done with equity accounting for asset and you don’t end up seeing the capital expenditure for APLNG or the operating costs for you to see contribution in current -- say the contributions going in as capital and we’ll just see the distributions coming back out in the future.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alastair Syme of Citi. Please go ahead.
Alastair Syme: Hello. I wonder if I could ask to what extent in this environment the OpEx and overhead might be the flywheel in terms of cash neutrality. If you could put some granularity around the comments you’ve made about G&A cost would be useful?
Jeff Sheets: Yes. Alastair, we have talked a lot about the capital but we have -- we are equally focused on the operating cost here, as you would expect. And just like we are focused across the value chain per capital, deflation opportunities in capital, the same things happening in operating cost. First of all, end cost are externally driven by contract, labor, materials, and chemicals, and there are some of that price sensitivity to transportation cost and some of our transportation contracts. But we got to look inside to for sale productions -- looking at internal operating cost and G&A. So we’re ready to take in actions there. We have -- we really have no salary increases in 2014. We got hiring fees in place across most of the company. We are ready for those plans to reduce headcount in Europe. That’s quite significant. And we’re likely to see more headcount reduction in other part of the business as we re-asses the implications of lower prices on a future plans. So we’ve the whole company focused on minimizing our operating cost and we’re not going to leave any stone unturned. We’re not going to take any measures that reduces the safety or integrity of our assets. And that is one of the things, Alastair, that we intend to talk about in more details at the Analyst Day in April, our approach to the operating cost side of the equation.
Alastair Syme: Could you say how much of your operating cost of supply given versus in terms of what percentage roughly?
Matt Fox: It’s about, let’s say, that it’s roughly 30% as internal and a company labor. And then the rest is a mixture of transportation cost, contract labor, material, parts, about 30% is a ConocoPhillips internal employee labor.
Alastair Syme: Thank you very much.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Alastair.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Reid of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Reid: Good morning.
Ryan Lance: Hello, Roger.
Roger Reid: I guess coming at the OpEx question slightly different way, we talked a lot about CapEx flexibility. As you think about the cash margin potential here, and I think about the share play certainly where they were probably a little more on the higher cash cost side, certainly looking across the industry. So as you pull back a little bit on your drilling there as we look at some of the projects and probably more of a '16 than a '15 impact from APLNG and Surmont. But what do you think about cash margins as you look into the latter part of '15 and '16?
Ryan Lance: We expect the absolute level of cash margin will come down with the commodity prices obviously. But as we look at across the portfolio, most of the portfolio is quite resilient to -- on a cash breakeven basis it’s pretty resilient to these prices. So we are going -- as Matt said, we’re going to continue to drive operating cost reductions as well as the capital reductions. And while the absolute level of margin will probably come down, we’re still going to try to drive to see those margin improvements over the course of the next couple years.
Roger Reid: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe a better question, April. But as you think about the exploration program here as part of the overall CapEx discipline and keeping the dividend in mind, flexibility obviously on the growth projects. What is the flexibility of exploration and what is the maybe incentive here as you mentioned with lower rig rates to shift things out another 6 or 12 months where you can?
Ryan Lance: Okay. So on the short-term aspect of that question in terms of the flexibility in our exploration spend, there is relatively limited flexibility in the short term on the conventional exploration activity. And we have rigs under contracts. We have agreements in place with the governments and the partners. So over the next year through 2015, that’s why we haven’t taken as much as you may expect, the exploration will really have to go to the possible exploration portfolio that is flexible. So we are going to think the 2015 is actually a pretty big year for exploration in Angola, Senegal, Gulf of Mexico, Nova Scotia, for example, and Australia. And so we -- then as a longer-term question about the role of exploration and the growth of the company, and that’s one of the thing, we’re going to talk about more in the Analyst Day in a couple of months.
Operator: Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Sorry, Christine, I'm seeing it's the top of the hour, we will take one more question if you don’t mind, okay.
Operator: Okay. Our last question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: Thanks for sneaking me in. Two quick ones. One is just, the budget for this year, is it fair to say that the 11.5 is kind of set in stone at this point absent further deflation given that you have $2 billion rolling out for the next year and the 9.5 is kind of the core required spend? So if you got anymore this year, you would be kind of cutting into the data so to speak.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. We’ve got a set the scope that we want to execute with the $11.5 billion. There is some uncertainty as to how much deflation we will capture this year. We’ve added some in, could be more than that. We’re certainly trying to drive to more than that. Yes, we’ve set the scope associated with what we want to execute on the $11.5 billion.
Phil Gresh: Got it. And then just a follow-up. Just on the asset sales started, maybe any additional color you could provide around how you might approach the process like that? What parts of the portfolio might be something you would want to monetize in this type of environment?
Ryan Lance: Well, we continue to look. I’ve said, we won’t have another large announced asset disposition program, but you should expect us every year to be pruning the bottom part of the portfolio. Obviously, it gets tougher in this kind of commodity price environment. But we set our new base case. We know that the assets are worth to us internally. And if there is interest out there in certain assets, we’ll entertain those and look at them. So I think you should expect some modest amount. It will be tougher over the next couple of years, but of course there will be some pieces of our portfolio that we will be taking a hard look at.
Phil Gresh: So you think you can get $500 million to $1 billion in cash a year out of assets sales. Are any kind of target you are thinking about?
Ryan Lance: No, I don’t really have a target in mind. We’ll do what makes sense.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks.
Ellen DeSanctis: Okay. Christine, why don’t you wrap it up here? And thanks everybody for your time. And by all means call IR if you have any other additional questions.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen DeSanctis - VP, IR and Communications Ryan Lance - Chairman and CEO Jeff Sheets - EVP, Finance and CFO Matt Fox - EVP, Exploration and Production
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Doug Terreson - ISI Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Herrlin - Societe Generale Paul Cheng - Barclays Roger Reid - Wells Fargo Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Christine and thanks to all our listeners for joining us today. With me in the room are Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Fox, our EVP of Exploration and Production. A couple of quick administrative matters. Of course, we will make some forward-looking statements this morning. The risks in our future performance are described on page two in today’s presentation also in our periodic filings with the SEC. All this information as well as our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations and our supplemental data can be found on our website. And finally, I just wanted to mention that we announced this morning that ConocoPhillips will be hosting an analyst meeting on April 8 in 2015, so hope you’ll save the date for that. We’ll of course provide some additional details very shortly. And with that, I’m going to turn the call over to Ryan. 
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen. And thanks to all our listeners for your participation this morning. I’ll begin our call this morning with some remarks about the current environment. Let me just say that while the recent oil price downturn seems sudden, we’re well positioned as a company to respond without impacting our strategic objectives of 3% to 5% volume and margin growth. This is key and it’s the result of a significant repositioning we’ve achieved as a company in the past two years. We’ve caught up the portfolio; lowered the overall cost of supply; and significantly increased our degree of capital flexibility. And put this last point in a bit of perspective, in 2014, our committed capital for major projects and maintenance represents about 50% of our capital and this declines to approximately 30% by 2016. I’ll come back highlight that again in a couple of minutes. Another thing we want to emphasize is that events like the recent price downturn underscore the importance of staying focused on the fundamentals. We know this is a cyclical business and we’ve been here before. And certainly the old adages apply full cycle low cost wins, asset quality matters and financial strength as an asset. We intend to make prudent adjustments at this time, while continuing to monitor the environment. So, please turn to next slide and I’ll outline the reasons why we believe we’re in a unique position today. This slide summarizes what we want you to take away from our comments today. The headline in the chart on the right really say it all. We have the flexibility and the resiliency to weather lower prices and we’ll exercise that flexibility as appropriate. Importantly, at this time, we do not see any major impediment to our ability to deliver on our stated goals for the next few years, and those are 3% to 5% volume and margin growth with the competitive dividend. We still believe this is a winning formula for our shareholders and we have a plan to deliver. We have momentum in our volume growth due to the start-up of several major projects this year in places like Europe, Malaysia the oil sands and APLNG. And we have steady growth coming from our North American unconventionals. And it goes without saying we’ll continue to stay focused on margins and returns. On a price normalized basis, we expect to achieve our margin targets. This was driven by growing liquids production in areas with favorable fiscals. In addition, the major projects start-ups in 2015 will generate steady cash flows for years to come. Importantly, at current commodity prices, our capital investments generate attractive returns. And in the unconventionals, we have a multiyear inventorial projects that have a cost of supply that is lower than the prices we’re seeing today. So we’re well-positioned to adjust to the current environment without affecting our overall performance targets and here is the key reasons why. During the past few years we spent a significant amount of capital on the major projects I’d just mentioned. In fact, 2014 was the peak year of capital spending at Surmont and APLNG. So beginning in 2015, capital on our major projects begins to taper off. As shown on the right hand chart with growing development capital spend, we have significantly more flexibility to ramp up or down our capital as circumstances dictate. This is flexibility we have not had for many years, but is what we set out to create when we established the independent ConocoPhillips over two years ago. As we think about our capital levels going into 2015, we first consider all of our priorities for investment. As we have said consistently since this spin, our top priority is the dividend. This is an important part of our investment thesis. The dividend provides discipline on our capital allocation process and we believe it is important in a mature business, so no change to the outlook on the dividend. The next consideration is affordability of capital and cash flow neutrality. Since the spin we have been consistent about targeting late 2016 to 2017 for cash flow neutrality and achieving cash through that neutrality is still a priority. We are currently in the process of setting our 2015 capital budget and we’ll announce that later in December. What you should expect is that we will exercise the flexibility we have and announce a range of capital spending that is not only lower than 2015, but lower than our stated target of $16 billion per year. Across the lower 48 we can throttle back on our less mature unconventional plays, while continuing to invest in our highest margin short cash cycle projects in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. These are the best returns on our portfolio and give us the confidence that we need to meet our volume target of 3% to 5% even with a bit lower capital next year. Finally, we have a very healthy balance sheet including cash on hand. We think of our financial strength as a competitive advantage. So in summary, we’re well positioned for the current environment. We’re coming out of a significant transformation as a company at a time when asset quality, capital flexibility and financial strength matter. We are going to act prudently, but our plan is on track, we’re focused on executing that plan and we don’t anticipate any significant change to delivering our stated goal to our shareholders. Hopefully these openings comments provide you bit of insights and the context to our thinking about the current environment. But, so now back to our regulatory schedule program stepping through the quarterly results. So please turn to the next slide. Here is a summary of our overall achievements for the third quarter. Of course this is our company level set chart that we share every quarter. I won’t cover all the points here in detail, I’ll leave at for both Jeff and Matt, but the key takeaway here is the business is on track. We delivered our targeted volume and margin growth for the quarter; we increased our dividend to the shareholders; and we exited the quarter in a very strong financial position with almost $6 billion of cash and short-term investments on hand. So now let me turn the call over to Jeff and Matt and they’ll go over the results of the quarter in a bit more detail. And I’ll come back at the end of the call with some concluding remarks and field your questions.
Jeff Sheets: Thanks Ryan. My comment this morning will be brief, reflecting the straight forward nature of our third quarter results. Slide seven presents our adjusted earnings. Sequentially and year-over-year adjusted earnings reflect lower commodity prices. However, we saw strong operational performance this quarter and we successfully executed several major turnarounds. Volumes reflected a dip sequentially for these planned maintenance activities. Third quarter adjusted earnings were $1.6 billion or $1.29 a share. Segment breakdown of those earnings is shown in the lower right of this chart and further segment details can be found in the supplemental data, which is available on our website. If you turn to slide eight, I’ll quickly summarize our production results for the quarter. As you know, our convention for production is continuing operations excluding Libya. On this basis, our third quarter volumes averaged 1.473 million BOE per day, which is slightly above the midpoint of our guidance. We anticipated a significant level of turnaround activity in the third quarter. As you can see, we had 37,000 BOE per day of additional downtime compared to last year with 35 of that coming from our planned maintenance work. Normalizing for those impacts, we achieved a 62,000 BOE per day of underlying growth. This represents a 4% increase year-over-year and keeps us on track to deliver our 3% to 5% growth in 2014. On the same basis, this represents a 7% liquids growth year-over-year. This high value liquids increase is really making a difference in our margin which I’ll cover on the next slide. This is our typical slide showing year-over-year sequential cash margins. The left chart reflects margins at actual prices during the period and the right chart is price normalized. On a price normalized basis, third quarter margins improved 8% year-over-year. Of that growth, about 2% is from FX related tax items and reduced Libya volumes. So underlying cash margin growth was about 6% and this is despite higher cost associated with the significant turnaround activity in the quarter. This metric will be volatile on a quarter by quarter basis but like our volume target, we’re on track to achieve our 3% to 5% growth target for margins for the year. And finally, I will review our year-to-date cash flow waterfall in the next slide. Again, this is straightforward. We began the year with $6.5 billion in cash and short-term investments. Year-to-date, we’ve generated $12.5 billion of cash from operating activities and added $1.3 billion from the SCCL distribution earlier this year. Over this period, we’ve had about a $2 million improvement in working capital and added $1 billion of net proceeds from dispositions. Year-to-date, we have funded a $12.7 billion capital program with $4.6 billion of those expenditures coming in the third quarter. The third quarter will be the peak capital spending quarter for 2014 and we’re still on track for the $16.7 billion of capital for 2014 that we announced in December of last year. After funding our capital program and dividend, we ended the quarter with $5.8 billion in cash and short-term investments. As a reminder, we need about a $1 billion to run our business, so the remainder will be available to fund our capital programs. This concludes the review of our financial performance. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Matt for an update on operations.
Matt Fox: Thanks, Jeff. The key operational message is that execution is on track across our global portfolio. It was a very busy quarter for turnarounds in our base operations and we completed these activities on schedule and on budget. We also achieved some important milestones and stack ups in our major projects, continued to deliver strong performance from our North American unconventionals and progressed our exploration activities; including the discovery of a new oil play offshore Senegal. So let’s jump in to review of our segment performance starting with the Lower 48 in Canada on slide 12. In the Lower 48, third quarter production averaged 343,000 BOE per day, that’s a 9% overall increase from the third quarter of last year and represents a 25% increase in crude oil production over the same period. Leading this growth were our liquids-rich Eagle Ford and Bakken assets which averaged that combined 212,000 BOE per day, a 33% increase from the third quarter last year. Sequentially Eagle Ford production is relatively flat in line with our guidance. As you’ll recall, last quarter, we indicated growth would be flatter through the end of the year as we continue to shift to pad drilling and bring new wells on line in batches. We remain on track for continued growth into 2015 and beyond. The Eagle Ford averaged a 157,000 BOE per day in the third quarter. This represents a 31,000 BOE per day or a 25% increase from the same quarter last year. We continue to execute and evaluate pilot tests in the Eagle Ford including single horizontal well test in the upper Eagle Ford. These tests have been encouraging and we’ll soon begin testing a three layer development concept by placing a layer of wells in the upper Eagle Ford and two layers of wells in the lower Eagle Ford. The wells will be drilled 660 feet apart in each layer. We call this an 80-acre triple stack. The Bakken averaged 55,000 BOE per day over the quarter, up 21,000 BOE per day from the third quarter last year, a 62% increase. We continued to pilot test, a 160-acre dense spacing in the Bakken. But based on the results we’ve seen to-date, it’s too early to make decision of ultimate spacing there. We’ve also made good progress in our Permian and Niobrara appraisal activities in 2014. In the Permian, we’re currently focused on appraising the multiple stack horizons in the Delaware Basin. And then in Niobrara, we’re testing several alternative well configurations and completion techniques. In both areas we continue to see encouraging results. Before I leave down to conventionals, I want to highlight the chart on the bottom left. This chart represents third-party data that shows ConocoPhillips has the lowest cost of supply unconventional portfolio compared to our peers. This means we are at the best position to stand lower prices. And remember that not all unconventionals are created equal and being in the sweet spot matters now more than ever. We’ll provide a more complete update on our unconventional reservoir appraisal and pilot test activities at our Analyst Meeting next year. In addition to our unconventional activities in the Lower 48, we continue to be active in the third quarter in Gulf of Mexico. After further evaluation at Coronado, we have decided not to continue with appraisal of that discovery and we took our initial Wildcat across [the dry hole] this quarter. However, we continued to be very active this year appraising our three significant discoveries of Shenandoah, Tiber and Gila, so stay tuned for more information on those. In addition, we have a rig coming nearly 2015 that will allow us to start evaluating our operating portfolio. So, our Lower 48 segment continues to deliver strong performance. Our Canadian business also performed well during the quarter. We produced 276,000 BOE per day, which includes a 9% increase in liquids production year-over-year. At Surmont 1 we completed a significant turnaround and are now back at full production as planned. Foster Creek achieved fast production in September and is expected to ramp up over the next 12 to 18 months. Our major project the Surmont 2 is making good progress and remains on schedule for first steam in mid-2015. This is an important large scale oil sands project that will provide steady production and cash flow in the future. The chart on the bottom right shows the steam oil ratios for several oil sands projects, [R3] project, Surmont, Christina Lake and Foster Creek had the lowest SORs compared to our competitors last year. Low SORs are the key to low cost of supply. And just like the unconventionals it really matters to be in the best geology in the oil sands. On the exploration front, we’re continuing to explore and appraise our unconventional plays with some very encouraging results in the Montney and Duvernay. Again we expect to provide more detail at the Analyst Meeting. Next, I’ll cover Alaska and Europe segments on slide 13. Alaska average production was 155,000 BOE per day reflecting higher plant maintenance downtime at Prudhoe Bay. At CD5, the Alpine central facility’s tie-in work is progressing on schedule. The project is more than 50% complete and on track for start-up in late 2015. We’ve sanctioned the Drill Site 2S project and assuming acceptable federal payments, we plan to sanction the Greater Mooses Tooth project in the first quarter of 2015. We’re also progressing the 1H NEWS project. This is the third new project with initiative since the passage of the More Alaska Production Act. And in addition to the progress on these projects, we’ve also signed a contract to build a new rotary drilling rig for Kuparuk. We’re also making progress on the Alaska LNG project. We have FERC approval to start the pre-file process for the project. This milestone sets the stage for the environmental review required for the siting, design and construction permitting of the project. An export application has also been filed with the DOE and the federal register. So we’re making progress on the preliminary work to move this project forward. Moving on to Europe, third quarter production averaged a 194,000 BOE per day. This is up 10% year-over-year reflecting new production from the start-ups at Jasmine, the new East Irish Sea and Ekofisk South partly offset by normal fuel decline. The Britannia Long-Term Compression project started up in the third quarter and Eldfisk II hook up in commissioning activities continue on schedule for Eldfisk 2015 startup. Now let’s review our Asia Pacific & Middle East segments and other international segment on slide 14. In the APME segment, we produced 301,000 BOE per day in the third quarter. This reflects major turnaround work at Bayu-Undan and Darwin LNG. At Bayu-Undan we also initiated Phase III drilling during the quarter. We were pleased to report that Gumusut achieved first production in early October. The new floating production system is running well and we expect to ramp up production in this high margin field over the next few months. This project is one of the key drivers of production and margin growth going into 2015. The KBB project is ready for startup. We expect first gas in November, but our rate will be significantly constrained pending repairs on the third party pipeline. We expect to be at full rate in this project by mid 2015. On a combined downstream and upstream basis the APLNG project is now about 84% complete and remains on schedule for a mid-2015 start up. This is another project that will provide stable production and cash flow for many years to come. In exploration, we spudded Barossa 3 well in October and completed the second phase of our appraisal program in the Greater Poseidon area. These fields represent possible options for Darwin LNG backfill in the future. In our other international segment, we announced the oil was discovered in cretaceous sandstones offshore Senegal with a FAN-1 well. We’re encouraged by the presence of a working petroleum system in this frontier basin and we are now evaluating further work to enhance and understanding of the play in this commerciality. We’re currently drilling an additional well SNE-1 testing a different play in the area. This is a second of a two well commitment in this block. By the way if Senegal advances as a development project, ConocoPhillips has the option to takeover operatorship, so more to come in Senegal. We continued drilling our [Kamoxi] well and block 36 in Angola and we expect to have some initial results in this well soon. In Poland, we’re continuing to test the Lublewo well after a large fracture stimulation. As you know, we were exploring for gas, but the results of the well indicate that we’re in the more liquids rich window. We’re studying the data and evaluating next steps and we’ll update the market once our evaluation is complete. In Colombia, we recently spudded the Picoplata well in the La Lu Luna Shale trend. Finally, the Es Sider Terminal in Libya opened in late August. We completed our first lift in early September and had two additional liftings this month. We’re currently producing at a 25,000 BOE per day net. We continue to monitor the situation in Libya, but it will remain out of our production guidance given the ongoing uncertainty. I’ll wrap up my prepared remarks with the volume outlook on slide 15. This is our typical chart of quarterly volume guidance for continuing operations excluding Libya. The first three quarters represent actuals. We expect the significant ramp up in volumes going from third quarter to the fourth quarter. Key drivers of this production increase of the completion of our major turnaround season and ramp up at Gumusut and Britannia Long-Term Compression.  We now expect fourth quarter volumes to be in the range of 1,545 to 1,575, BOE per day which is lower than previous guidance for the quarter, but still achieves the full year targets we laid out earlier in the year. The fourth quarter adjustments reflect three main drivers. First we don’t expect to providing ramp gas to a third party LNG project in Australia during the quarter. This was always viewed as a short-term production option. Second, as mentioned earlier, we expect a delay of full ramp up at KBB due to third party pipeline appears. And finally at current prices, we expect to reject ethane in our San Juan Basin operations, this is strictly a value play, what we give up on rig will gain on margins. Despite these changes, the fourth quarter expectations, we’ve had a very strong year and we’re on track to go production by 4% compared to 2013. Again this is exactly in line with the guidance we provided at the start of the year. And we’re well positioned to deliver our longer term growth target with strong momentum going into 2015. This momentum comes from a continued ramp from recent startups at FCCL Malaysia, the UK and Norway and ongoing strong production from our unconventionals. In addition, in 2015 with growth coming from a major project, startups Eldfisk II, APLNG, Surmont 2 and Foster Creek Phase G. The bottom-line is we continue to execute safely and efficiently and we’re well positioned to deliver our strategic objectives. We look forward to providing an operational update at our Analyst Meeting in April. Now I’ll turn the call back to Ryan for closing remarks.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Matt. So let me recap a bit of what you’ve heard today. First, we’re on track to deliver our goals of 3% to 5% volume and margin growth with an attractive dividend. And we’re well positioned for the current price environment. We’re laser focused on executing our plans, while using our capital flexibility to respond to short-term factors. We have good production momentum going in 2015 and we’ll expect to announce 2015 capital program, it reflects the priority on achieving cash flow neutrality without impacting our ability to deliver on our growth targets. So we’re following the plan and the path we laid out two years ago and it’s working. And as Matt said, we look forward to providing you in more detail company update at our Analyst Meeting in April. So with that, let me turn it over to everyone on the phone and back to the operator for some Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). And our first question is from Edward Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Yes. So I think if heard you correctly, obviously oil prices being lower, you’ve set sort of similar volume outlook for last CapEx. Please correct me if I misheard that, but I was just wondering how much when you look at your overall program going forward of that sort of saving on CapEx is sort of well performance –shale are performing to enable you to hit your growth lower amounts of dollar spend. How much is deferral you mentioned deferring some early phase shale, it will be interesting to know much you spent on that in ‘14? And then how much is perhaps the cost reduction?
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Ed. Mostly in our thinking right now is mostly I would say deferral from the less mature of the unconventional plays that we have in the portfolio. Again, we’re focused on our low cost of supply that we have in the Eagle Ford, the core areas that we’re drilling in the Eagle Ford the Bakken those are going to remain a big part of what we’re doing going forward. But it is a deferral out of some of those less mature plays. What we don’t know going into the year is how the costs are going to develop. Is this depending on your view or how bullish or bearish you are in commodity prices over the next couple of years. What I don’t know is how much scope we’re going to get done for the capital that we said and that’s something that we’re going to watch pretty closely as depending on where the prices level out, how long it stays there, what that cost structure is going to look like. Things will correct if it stays at $80 and we know that.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: And then a question on APLNG, obviously you’re seeing first production around the middle of next year. When do you reckon you would get the sort of first commercial cargo in terms of us starting to sort of model the cash flow contribution from that project, obviously we still hear about delays with the main contracted out in the Queensland gas area? And then any comments on this reversion reclaim by Tristar. Would that disrupt your ability to hit those goals?
Jeff Sheets: So Ed, we’d expect that the first cargo will be sometime late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter from APLNG. And we’re on track to deliver that. We don’t think that our production or our resource possessions going to be influenced by the Tri-Star measure .
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Yes. And I’m just I am not (inaudible), but if they win and secure I guess an access to the project, would you need to buy third-party gas from others or presumably you could buy from them and I just (inaudible) cost will be treated?
Ryan Lance: So we don’t anticipate that that’s going to be an issue, Ed. And we don’t think that that claim has merit.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Ed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson - ISI: Good morning everybody.
Ryan Lance: Good morning Doug.
Doug Terreson - ISI : Ryan it seems like based on your comments and I think what Jeff answered Ed’s question that you guys are probably going to be as focused as ever on your capital expenditure and your operating cost control in the current budgeting round at least as much as ever. But the second part was about sustainable cost opportunities, what was your point there? It wasn’t clear how significant they were? And also whether it might be whether or not to go in the supply chain or the well service areas or what have you. And so I guess the question is, first kind of a clarification on that point. And also are you doing anything different than the current budgeting round to try and locate some of these cost opportunities and possibly capture them?
Ryan Lance : Yes. Thanks Doug. No, I mean we’ve sent our procurement group out to discover the world in terms to make sure that we’re getting the best deal we can for all those services that we’re providing. My comment is related to last, the last downturn we saw in this business. The costs came down a fair amount as well; they’ve risen over the last four to five years. But if we stay at this $80ish world for year or two then we would expect some of the cost to start coming down and we’re trying to capture those as fast and as quickly as we can. So again, a lot of our contracts whether they are drilling rig or pumping services, they are relatively short-term. So, the reductions that should come, we ought to be able to capture them very quickly and that’s our intention. But yes, we’re focused on both the capital that we’re spending to make sure we get as much scope as we can out of it and the cost that we’re spending across the whole enterprise.
Doug Terreson - ISI: Okay. I understand. And then also on Venezuela you got file for arbitration recently. So, just want to say if we could get an update on the next steps there, the timing and how you’re thinking about that situation?
Ryan Lance: Yes. So we have two sets of arbitration that are going on. The recent arbitration that we have filed is a contractual arbitration relative to the joint operating agreements we had for both the Hamaca and the Petrozuata projects in the Orinoco Belt. So that’s different and separate from the arbitration that we filed a few years back, that’s working its way through the system. So, the phase of that arbitration is we’re both submitting our damages claim to the Tribunal, both ConocoPhillips and the Venezuelans are submitting that to the Tribunal, and the Tribunal will rule on the amount of the damages. This contractual arbitration is something distinct and separate from that that will progress through the courts just like the other arbitration has.
Doug Terreson - ISI: Okay. Thanks a lot everybody.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets: Great, thanks. If I may kind of go into the CapEx sort of discussion again. When you look at obviously a lower price oil environment and moderating spending a little bit to bring more of that balance. How many, I guess years of that could you do before -- when you look at 2017 and beyond, that becomes more of a question whether or not you can support that 3% to 5% growth beyond that period?
Ryan Lance: Yes. That’s exactly what we’re looking. We have a lot of flexibility in the portfolio. So, we can -- we’ve created that over the last couple of years as this major project has ramped down and we’re spending more on the development drilling side, so we can ramp that down or ramp that up based on the market that we see. And to your point, I mean if we stay at lower capital levels than what we’ve described since the spin, and we do that for a prolonged period of two or three years, it starts to potentially impact some of the growth, but that occurs well beyond 2017. So that’s why we have a range of 3% to 5% production growth. We’ll monitor the market; we’ll watch it and make sure we do the right thing for the company and the shareholders, but the impact would be longer term. So, what we’re doing now with the major projects rolling off the production that we’re delivering is why we’ve got confidence between now and 2017, and the plans that we’ve laid out will deliver on the 3% to 5% volume growth.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets: So, you made a comment on some of the more, I guess, new venture type of unconventionals could take a bit of a backseat for now. Where does exploration sort of rank on that sort of pecking order list?
Ryan Lance: Well, it’s in a similar bucket as the less mature unconventionals, because that’s investments we’re making today for the long-term growth and development of the company. So yes, we look at our commitments that we have on the exploration side and some of the new opportunities that might present themselves. We’re taking a bit of a pause and slowing some of that down as well.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. And if I could quickly ask on Coronado, could you give us a little bit of color on your thoughts on -- I guess it doesn’t look like you’ve got (technical difficulty) any activity there anymore. Can you give a little color on that?
Matt Fox: Yes, I mean the original discovery well was very encouraging, but the first appraisal well that we drilled was intended to establish what the overall size was, and that was disappointing. So rather than continue to appraise that, we feel that it would be better to direct our exploration and appraisal dollars elsewhere. So that’s why we’ve decided not to continue and pursue in Coronado. But it doesn’t have any implications for our overall (inaudible) Gulf of Mexico exploration program. We’ve got a very strong position there over 2 million net acres that we like a lot. (Inaudible) discoveries already that we are appraising. And so, it doesn’t have any long-term implications for our Gulf of Mexico exploration program.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons. Please go ahead.
Guy Baber – Simmons: Thanks for taking my question. The overall production this year you expect to basically come in line with your expectations, and we can see the growth projects expected to come on in the next few years, which is significant, as well as the uplift you will get from the U.S. unconventional piece. But my question is around your underlying and more mature base of production. Have you felt about that base this year, how it’s performed? Are there any trends you would highlight or areas where you have seen improvement or you see potential for improvement going forward? Just trying to get a better sense of how base production might evolve over the next couple of years, and what you’re seeing on that front.
Ryan Lance: Our base performance is virtually identical to what we thought it would be. I mean, we’ve got good predictive capability on all of our major legacy assets, and we understand the decline on our base projects. So, no surprises at all across the portfolio in our base production.
Guy Baber – Simmons: Okay, great. And then upstream results in Canada have been especially impressive this year, especially in light of where some of that profitability has been last couple of years despite relatively consistent pricing and production. So, just hoping you could comment a bit more on -- in a little bit more detail on the evolving profitability of that business unit. Have you made significant strides there in improving the underlying cost structure and the profitability of that business? Just wanting to better understand that strength and then the sustainability of that going forward?
Ryan Lance: I think that’s probably more of a factor of just market conditions that we’ve seen in different quarters. The third quarter was a pretty strong quarter for us for bitumen realizations, kind of seasonal blending requirements, kind of diluent prices. All those things worked pretty well in the third quarter. So, we had strong bitumen realizations. I think you saw market prices go down by $6 or so quarter-to-quarter, but you saw bitumen prices only go down by maybe half of that. And a lot of that has to do with all the things that go into bitumen realizations. And the other thing that’s helping the business is (inaudible) extremely well. I mean the operating efficiency in our oil sands asset is tremendous. I mean San Juan for example is producing consistently well above the designed capacity. Our Western Canada business unit has had a tremendous focus on cost management and capital efficiency for the development programs. So, we’re executing well as well as seeing some benefit from the [WCAS] sort of differentials.
Guy Baber – Simmons: Thanks for the comments.
Ryan Lance: Thanks Guy.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Guy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you everybody.
Ryan Lance: Hi. Good afternoon.
Ellen DeSanctis: Hi Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey Ryan, I wonder if I could try one to you and one for Matt. And to you, I’m really just curious on your perspective on what has happened to the commodity here, I know it’s a big picture question. But I guess one of the hangovers of being a big oil company is longer term planning. So, I’m not expecting Conoco to have any kind of knee jerk reactions, but I just wonder if you could give us your perspectives and specifically around Libya given that you are I guess an operating company there. How sustainable do you think Libya is? And then, I’ve got a follow-up more specifically on the assets. Thanks.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Doug. Yes, on the macro picture, probably a lot of what you hear is surprising how quickly the Libyans came back from zero to what we’re seeing today, 600,000, 700,000 barrels a day gross production. But we sell out, we don’t have any people on the ground in Libya, but we do have some national employees that are part of our company that are there in Tripoli, and the situation is very tenuous. The one faction that took over the NOC offices, in fact bombed the NOC offices in Tripoli. So, I think that the whole Libya thing is just kind of hanging on right now. So, there is tenuous supply out there that I think is a bit at risk, which we’ll have to just see over the course of next few months. I think the demand side has been a little bit surprising out of some of the non-OECD countries in the Far East, and obviously China trying to figure out how much -- where their demand is going to come out, how much the growth is happening in the country. So, definitely well supplied market right now, and we can all speculate what the Saudis are going to go do, but I think they’re a little upset with some of their customer base being taken away by some of the other country. So, it is a bit of mix bag of things that are out there, but I think for us, it’s global diversified company. That’s what we’re trying to do. We run scenarios, we think about -- we don’t think about point estimates in oil price around run different scenarios. And we try to anticipate what we would do in capital investment, what the company the portfolio would look like under these various scenarios. So, I think we’re well positioned for where we find the market today.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate it. I guess my other question is to Matt. It kind of really bridges between the discretionary spending in the portfolio, Matt, relative to obviously a very competitive economics you guys have had. So, I guess what I’m kind of looking at is 15% of your spending budget was laid out as exploration or defined as exploration, which I guess would have no impact on the short-term production. So, as you look at overall pricing environment and you think about the plan not to go into too many specifics because you haven’t given us the number yet, obviously, but how do you think about where you would capital first and what if there was an area in your Lower 48 portfolio that may be challenged in the current environment where -- how would you kind of rank worst through best, if you like --? 
Matt Fox: So, this is really an opportunity to exercise the flexibility. And we would anticipate, we would ramp more slowly than the previous plans would be in our less mature plays. So we don’t need to ramp as quickly in the Permian as we previously thought, so we could take some scope there, and the same applies in the Niobrara and to some of our plays in Western Canada. So those are the primary areas where we could take some flexibility without having any significant impact on the rate between now and 2017. So those are the main areas. But it will also choke back a little bit in exploration, but we’re still committed to exploration as an engine for organic growth of the company in the long-term. So we need to be balancing a long-term view of the company’s growth potential with these short-term conditions that we find ourselves in.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Is it fair to describe, Matt, $2 billion of exploration, I mean that’s a big cushion. Would that be the first place if things got worse, let’s assume, is that the first place you would look to cut while maintaining rate? I’m just trying to understand, because it just seems you’ve gotten a lot of more flexibility than some of your peers. And I’ll leave it there.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Doug, I mean that’s one of the areas that we’d look, but as I said I mean it’s a balancing act for the short-term and the long-term. We’ve got a lot of flexibility in the Lower 48 and Canada portfolio and to manage our capital over this period without having a big impact on growth. So we’re certainly not going to gut our exploration program. We need to maintain the exploration for the long-term organic growth of the company, and we’re going to do that.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Very clear. Thanks.
Ryan Lance: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Herrlin of Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale: Yes, thanks. I’ve got some quick ones for Matt. Can you say anything else about the well in Angola, the pre-salt well? Were you seeing anything on the way down because you’re going to TD that soon? And then also with Poland, can you talk at all about the test results of the shale?
Matt Fox: It is too early to say anything about the Kamoxi well John. I mean we expect to have that done something in the next couple of weeks, and we’ll make some announcement once we’ve actually got some results to talk about. So, it is too early really to talk about that. On the Poland well, yes we have had some tests in Poland in a more down depth location in this well, and those were gas wells, and we drilled this well in this location anticipating we would find the same fluids, and we essentially found of course really an oil well. And so we’re scratching our head a bit to understand what’s going on, there’s some sort of thermal maturity change that we weren’t anticipating. And we’re at the stage of essentially conducting a long-term flow test, doing some pressure build ups, and then we’ll have a better understanding of what the implications of this are in the next few months.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale: Okay, great. Thanks Matt. And then one other one from me. Given the fact that we’ve had prices break down, ultimately there may be more properties available in the market for the companies that don’t go public. Will you at all look to supplement your acreage positions in the unconventional plays by buying additional assets or acreage to be opportunistic?
Matt Fox: Yes, we are screening land all the time both in North America and internationally. So if opportunities come up that would meet with our portfolio well and at decent price early in the life cycle, then we would be ready to take advantage of that if those opportunities came up.
Ryan Lance: And I think the earlier in the lifecycle comment that Matt made is key there, because we do have a lot of organic growth opportunities in the existing portfolio that we are funding currently.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale: Okay. Thanks Jeff.
Jeff Sheets: Thanks John.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Hey guys. Good afternoon.
Ellen DeSanctis: Hey Paul.
Ryan Lance: Hey Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Maybe this is for Matt or for Ryan. First question, from a portfolio management standpoint, if we’re looking at today Bakken, Eagle Ford, and SAGD, account for 20%, 22%, 23% of your production. So, from a portfolio management standpoint, Matt and Ryan, is there a level that you feel uncomfortable saying that okay, this is too much concentration or what the desirable optimum percentage of your asset mix should be in the North American onshore unconventional oil portfolio?
Ryan Lance : Yes. I guess Paul, kind of thinking about it along those lines you are trying to hit an optimum sort of percentage. I’ll take low cost of supply, which the Bakken and Eagle Ford represent, and then balance that with SAGD, which is these longer term 40 year, 50 year projects that provide an incredible base amount of cash flow with high margin production. They are a little bit different. So, really not targeting percentage, just making sure they fit the returns profile and they are competitive with the rest of the investments we have -- the opportunities we have in the portfolio, and they do compete, and obviously Bakken and Eagle Ford are at a very low cost of supply, very high returns.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: So, from that standpoint, I mean risk come also with opportunity. And so, if indeed that commodity price, let’s say stay at this $80 or even lower for one or two years, will you be willing to use your balance sheet or perhaps stretch your balance sheet to make some acquisitions to even further beef up what you consider that maybe as an advantage position to be even bigger or that you will be too concerned about the balance sheet and that’s not something that you would like to do?
Ryan Lance: That really just depends on the quality of the opportunity that we see out there. As we’ve talked about before, we do have balance sheet capacity. We ended up the quarter with $6 billion in cash. We’re going to use some of that as we go through just funding our program until we get to the point of cash flow neutrality. But as Matt said, we’re always going to be out there looking for opportunities. If they make sense, we shouldn’t be afraid to use our balance sheet. But we do have a pretty strong inventory of existing opportunities in the portfolio today.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Okay. Two final quick ones. One, Matt, any rough range you can provide for 2015 production? And second for Ryan, it look like there is somewhat of a status quo for your CapEx program at today’s price. You may trim here and there but is there a level of the commodity prices that once you reach there for an extended period of time whatever you define that and you will start revisiting your overall program and maybe consider that time had changed?
Matt Fox: So, on the production question, I mean the best guidance I can give Paul is we expect to deliver 3% to 5% production growth moving from 2014 into 2015 just as we have from ‘13 to ‘14, and then keep that going through ‘16 and ‘17. So, the best guidance is 3% to 5% production growth.
Ryan Lance: Yes. On the second part there, Paul, there is nothing status quo about what’s happening today in the market. So, we’ll look at that as we’ve got a lot of flexibility. We got flexibility in our capital program; we got cash on the balance sheet. We got balance sheet flexibility. We’ll monitor the system. And I’m pretty focused on cash flow neutrality. I think we have [capital] [Ph] plan that gets us there and so that’s a stake that we’ve put in the ground. And again, you go back to the bit of guidance that I provided in the call here, which says next year I’m looking at a capital amount that’s lower than this year and in fact lower than kind of the $16 billion guidance that we threw out there when we put our plan in place for the company’s 3% to 5% growth.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Reid of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Reid - Wells Fargo: Hi. I guess good morning depending on where you are or good afternoon. Just a couple of other things kind of thinking about the whole cash flow balance sheet approach. You all went through a very large I guess the shrink part or the shrink to grow approach here over the last couple of years. If you’re looking for ways to potentially plug an opening in the cash flow CapEx front over the next year or two if crude stays where it is. What are the other assets identified for sale, if I remember correctly you had a larger portfolio of potential sales than were actually executed. So, presumably there are still some I guess non-core assets out there?
Ryan Lance: The approach we have on asset sales going forward is just to point [Inaudible] to the fact that we’ve got a large portfolio of assets. When you look at a company of our size, roughly $100 million of assets out there. But you can always expect that there will be some level of asset sales that will be happening. So there is $1 billion or so, maybe $2 billion of asset sales a year. That’s probably not an unreasonable expectation. Unlike what we’ve done in the past where we’ve kind of identified particular assets that we’re going to be marketing. We don’t anticipate we’d be doing that going forward, so you’ll just likely hear about things as they happen. We are going to be disciplined about portfolio management going forward but there is nothing in particular that we would identify today that we want to talk about as an asset sale.
Roger Reid - Wells Fargo: Okay, thanks. And then the other question on the OpEx side, we talked a lot about capital allocation and so forth; you mentioned earlier contracts with the service companies. But rather than necessarily drilling a new well, what opportunities do you have on the operating side to lower cost if any or what should we think of to watch maybe as an independent factor for thinking about lower cost?
Matt Fox: So we’re going through our budgeting phase and we’re asking all of our operating units and the staff groups to take a very close look at operating cost for next year to look for opportunities to reduce our overall operating cost structure. So, it’s just part of our ongoing disciplined approach to managing our cost structure but we certainly are focused on that, we’re always focused on that.
Roger Reid - Wells Fargo: Right. So I guess is there anything we should think about well workovers or something like that you can always, you can defer some of that work or are there ways - I am just trying to think expendable cost something like that that you can manage down?
Matt Fox: Yes, I mean there are opportunities and probably the last place we would go is to adjust well work and workover activity that’s very value adding operating cost. But we’re asking all of our operating units to take a hard look at their operating cost for next year. But that’s not different from what we usually do frankly.
Roger Reid - Wells Fargo: Okay. Thank you.
Jeff Sheets: Thanks Roger.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Roger.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: Hi, good afternoon all. And thanks for being so clear at what is fiscal difficult time here right now to talk about the stuff. I think just to clarify a comment you made to be very clear, Ryan, I think you said that quite specifically the CapEx next year would be lower and below your $16 billion guidance, is that your opening statement?
Ryan Lance: Yes, that’s correct.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: That’s great. Thanks, that makes that clear. And I guess if we were to think of what you thought of as an attractive dividend, we would assume that that would be rising over time otherwise it wouldn’t be attractive, right?
Ryan Lance: Yes. We’ve said over time, we expect to be increasing the dividend. So yes that -- it will remain attractive.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: And by the way, I’m not setting out here to trick you in any way; I’m just making quite sure we’re clear here. So what you’ve then said is that you kind of locked in to the major projects spending obviously and that’s a very important part of you meeting your volume guidance. But you have an increasing amount of essentially discretionary CapEx over the coming years which would allow you, should the environment stay tough, to cut back fairly easily on your spending in order to balance your budget?
Ryan Lance: Yes, I think that’s right Paul. That’s a place we haven’t been as a company that we set out to create more flexibility, lower cost of supply across the portfolio. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks today and through ‘14 about 50% of our capital is what you describe the major projects that are going to deliver - help deliver the 3% to 5% growth, the discretion, the flexibility that we’re creating in the company is a lot more that capital going to the development drilling programs, both the mature low cost supply Eagle Ford, Bakken and then the less mature things that we’re doing in the Permian, the Niobrara and up in Canada, Montney, Duvernay and what we’re doing internationally. So, that represents in the next couple of years over 70% of our capital. So that capital is flexible and we’ll manage the capital level based on the commodity price environment that we see, the opportunity set that’s in front of us and the cash flows that we have coming in as a company.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: And it feels like even if you were let’s say to cut in the way that you’re describing already in fact CapEx next year, the volume impact because of the fact these are more frontier type developments, the volume impact actually is going to be fairly limited within the 2017 timeframe. Is that correct -- I mean very limited I guess out there?
Ryan Lance: Yes. That’s exactly right, Paul. Our volume growth target is execution of the plans that we’ve had over the last couple of years, it’s the investments we’ve made over last two years, it’s the projects that we’ve been investing in for the last five or six years, those are coming to fruition now this year and into next year. So, what we do whether it’s ‘15 or goes beyond ‘15 has very little impact on our plans and our production growth targets through 2017 that we outlined and described to the market over the last couple of years.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: Right. And then if I could just round it all off. One thing I think is very small, but I’d just highlight is that in the past you’ve talked about running with $2 billion I think of cash as a kind of working need, but you today said $1 billion. And secondly one thing that you did - is that what you just said, sorry?
Ryan Lance: Yes. $1 billion is - would be the current offering.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: The one thing did worry me, Ryan, was that you said that, you would meet your targets in a normalized price environment. Could you specify that because obviously that could mean awful lot of different things?
Ryan Lance: I think what was the point we’re trying to make there Paul is when you look at cash margin those obviously are changing as commodity prices change. So as we look at the shift that’s happening within our portfolio. If you just pick one price environment, no matter what price environment it was and stuck with that you’d see increasing cash margins.
Jeff Sheets: So we’re trying to be very transparent on that Paul. We’re showing you what each quarter is in terms of the actual, but we’re trying to also ground back to when we described and launched the independent company, described how we were going to grow both margins and volumes that we’re trying to report back to that basis. 
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: I got you. But what worries me is when you did that the oil was - and your planning assumption I think was 110 Brent if I remember rightly. I mean it was way higher than we are today.
Ryan Lance: No, I mean - we were quoted as saying that that’s not our planning assumption, it’s not a $110 Brent back when we threw that out we just were using current prices to demonstrate. Here is what the margin is today. And if you track our performance relative to that, you’ll see what the margin growth is doing. So, my point is the underlying margin growth is there, but the absolute number is going to fluctuate and be a bit volatile quarter-to-quarter based on the absolute level of commodity prices. But we’re trying to show that the volume growth is coming and it’s in a higher margin than the base part of the portfolio. So the margin growth is coming and it will return to cash flow.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: That’s great. Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Thanks. I recognize it’s late in the call. So I’ll try to be fairly brief. I’m sorry to flog the CapEx piece, but I was wondering if you could define the absolute amount of spending that’s actually rolling over on a dollar basis from the major projects year-to-year? And then secondly, I didn’t know if you can maybe define a level or price point where you would actually curtail spending on some of the more mature unconventional plays. 
Ryan Lance: Well, I’m not sure, we’ll have to get back with you on the capital that’s rolling over from this year to next year, but the price has to go pretty low before we start impacting the mature plays that we have in our unconventionals. 
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay, the second question for you is on some of the issues on production in 4Q. I think you’ve referenced three of them infrastructure in Malaysia, ethane rejection and APLNG. Just trying to get a sense of how transitory those are and [Inaudible] should those be kind of behind us into 1Q, I am thinking maybe the ethane rejection piece is the only kind of wildcard?
Matt Fox: So, based on current prices we would expect to be continuing to reject ethane through 2016 that we think stand just now -- and that’s about a third of the variance that we talked about. On APLNG that was -- we were prepared to take the opportunity to sell ramp gas to one of the other ventures on Curtis Island, their project hasn’t come in as quickly as they had anticipated, so we don’t -- we were unlikely to be selling ramp gas to them. And then on the KBB project, we’re ready to start, we’re going to start something in November, but there is a pipeline that runs from - once the gas gets onshore there is the pipeline that runs from Sabah to Sarawak to take that gas to the Malaysia LNG plants. And that pipeline has had some issues that need to be repaired. And we’re not sure how long that’s going to take. We certainly don’t expect it to be repaired before the end of the year and we’re assuming that maybe it’s as late as the middle of 2015 before we actually get that pipeline fully repaired and to full operation. So that one will linger for a while in 2015.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Ryan Lance: Thank you Blake.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks gentlemen. A couple quick ones, again one sort of follow-up maybe this is too specific on CapEx. But I believe that your prior targets to reach cash flow neutrality were based around kind of a $100 Brent, $90 WTI longer term. And when we think about the amount of relative CapEx that might need to come out of the 2015 budget, is this - should we think about kind of a mark-to-market on the commodity price and then we’ll try to bridge that gap on a year-by-year basis from here?
Jeff Sheets: No, we’re not talking about trying to get to cash flow neutrality in 2015. So, as we go forth 2015, ‘14 to ‘15, you’re going to see cash flow growing as production grows from these major projects that we have starting up. So, you’re going to see that cash flow growth even in a lower commodity price environment that we’re seeing today, the comment that Ryan was making is we still feel like we’re going to get to a cash flow neutrality number by 2016, 2017. And before we were at the higher prices that you talked about, we’re at a point where we are actually beyond cash flow neutrality. So, we still feel like that’s a very doable thing for us to be doing. We don’t have a number today that we can say that it’s going to be this amount of capital expenditures in 2016 or 2017 to get to that kind of cash flow neutrality.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks. I wasn’t implying to cash flow neutrality in ‘15, I was implying relative to the plugging the gap relative to the prior plan to keep on pace for the 2017 time period. But…
Jeff Sheets: I think you are -- if you think about our $20 change in price basically which is what we’ve had, that’s about a $3 billion change in our cash flow. Part of that is going to come from the fact that we are beyond cash flow neutrality and part of that would come from lower CapEx.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So I guess one other question on a totally different issue. In Alaska, there has obviously been -- I mean we heard a lot of on the refining side from West Coast refiners about increasing competition as you see Bakken volumes or railed volumes reaching the West Coast and the impact on Alaska in crude pricing. I guess in terms of your outlook on Alaska and crude pricing going forward, what is the outlook, what are the opportunities that you have, I know you’ve done one cargo at least in terms of exporting that crude and what sort of price differential would you need or bottlenecks in the system are there in terms of exporting more of that crude to Asia?
Ryan Lance: Well, I think what we’re trying to show is we got a lot of flexibility. So, right now the market on the West Coast needs the ANS crude and we hear a lot about the Bakken railing there, but we’ve got a lot of -- we’ve got flexibility. We demonstrated that by taking a cargo to Asia. We have the ability and the capability go do that, obviously there is a bit more transportation cost associated with that. So if ANS starts trading well below where it’s historically traded relative to either WTI or Brent then we can exercise the optionality we have of exporting that crude.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thanks for the help.
Ellen DeSanctis: Hey guys, we’re past the hour. So we’ll take one final question if you don’t mind operator.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Thanks for squeezing me in, just one for me. As we wait for APLNG to start-up and obviously watching LNG prices fall along with crude, can you just remind us on what the off take arrangements are for the plant and any color on that would be helpful?
Matt Fox: Yes. So, all of the gas from 3 and 1 and 2 is contracted based on the Japanese crude cocktail prices. So, it’s all contracted. But we have few spot cargos as we are ramping up production, but once we get to full production, it’s fully contracted to China and Japan.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Pavel. And thanks operator. We’ll go ahead and shut it off here. And thank you so much everybody for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ellen DeSanctis – VP, IR and Communications Ryan Lance – CEO and Chairman Jeff Sheets – EVP-Finance and CFO Matt Fox – EVP, Exploration and Production
Analysts:  Ryan Todd – Deutsche Bank Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research Doug Terreson – ISI Group Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse Paul Cheng – Barclays John Harlan - Societe Generale Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Roger Reid – Wells Fargo James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James 
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Christine and thanks to our participants for your interest. We know it’s a very busy day. On today’s call Ryan Lance, our CEO and Chairman will provide a very brief overview of our strong operational performance for the quarter. Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer will then address the financial results for the quarter. And finally Matt Fox our EVP of E&P will cover the operational highlights and our production outlook for the rest of the year. Finally we’ll turn the call over to you for Q&A. We would ask respectfully that you try to limit your questions to one plus a follow up and then get back in the queue if you have additional questions. We will make some forward-looking statements this morning and obviously the risks and uncertainties in our future performance are described in the Safe Harbor statements shown on slide two of today’s presentation materials as well as in our periodic filings with the SEC. That’s also available from our website along with our GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations and supplemental data. With that I’m gone turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you Ellen and let me extent my thanks to all of you who also joined the call today and for your interest in the company. We’re at the halfway mark in 2014 and I’m pleased to say that our company’s performance is progressing consistent with our plans this year. Top line growth and margin expansion are showing up in our performance and we’re delivering on our commitments. The second quarter was certainly a volatile one geopolitically and there was a lot of sector activity on the domestic front, all of which we of course watch closely, but we continue to take what we believe is a sound long-term approach to the business. So we’re staying the course and sticking to our plans. And our goal as we’ve mentioned numerous times is to deliver predictable consistent performance and I think we achieved that again in the second quarter. Operationally, the business ran very well. We produced 1.556 million BOE per day from continuing operations excluding Libya, which represented growth of 6.5% year-over-year. Now adjusted for downtime in Libya, we grew underlying volumes 4% this quarter compared to one year ago. And this performance exceeded our prior guidance, which Matt will cover a bit more detail in his comments. But our growth came from the several places notably the Eagle Ford and the Bakken but as well as recent startups in Europe, Asia Pacific and in oil sands. And the work continues to bring additional major projects online later this year and into 2015 and 2016. Now if I switch financially, the quarter was also very strong. Adjusted earnings were $2 billion or $1.61 per share, that’s up 14% year-over-year. Our cash flow from operations including the equity affiliate distributions funded our capital and dividend for the first half of the year. That leaves our cash position relatively unchanged from year-end 2013. And we’re also seeing the visible margin growth and that should accelerate later in the year and into 2015 as our volumes continue to increase in high margin areas. Now strategically while we’re focused on our high value asset base that has a lot of running room, we’re also looking to add organic options and choices through explorations. Today in addition to our unconventional and Gulf of Mexico exploration activities we’re drilling in Senegal and Angola. Now these two areas have higher risk but also higher reward if successful. And we recently took a position in a large exploration concession offshore Nova Scotia. And yesterday we announced the completion of our sale of our Nigerian business. And that’s a big milestone that completes the strategic divestiture program we announced two years ago. That program has generated nearly $14 billion of proceeds for our company. With these divestitures behind us we’re now fully focused on executing our growth plans. And finally earlier this month we approved a dividend increase of 5.8%. Giving back capital to our shareholders remains a tough priority and we believe an attractive dividend is the key part of our investment offering. Now that’s kind of quick recap of the quarter. But let me just recap the key messages; the business is on track, we’re delivering on our commitments and are building a strong momentum for the second half of the year and beyond. So with those brief opening comments, now let me turn it over to Jeff for a financial review of the company.
Jeff Sheets: Thanks Ryan. I’ll begin by reviewing the second quarter’s results which are add on slide six. As you’ll see it was a straightforward quarter overall. Production volumes exceeded guidance and the balance sheet remained strong. Looking at earnings, second quarter 2014 adjusted earnings were $2 billion or a $1.61 per diluted share, 14% above last year’s second quarter. Second quarter earnings are shown in the chart in the lower right – segment earnings are shown the chart on the lower right. The financial details of each segment can be found in the supplemental data that accompany this morning’s release but I’ll highlight a few items for you. The Lower 48 segment earnings this quarter largely reflected ongoing volume increases lead by Eagle Ford and Bakken which contributed to a 22% increase and Lower 48 liquids production year-over-year. This benefit was partially offset by wider differentials and $85 million of higher exploration expenses as a result of the Coronado Miocene appraisal well and Deep Nansen wildcat being deemed as non-commercial. Canada continues to have a very solid year. This quarter’s earnings reflected strong bitumen prices and steady production growth. Alaska performed in-line with expectations. Europe production benefited this quarter from continued major project ramp and better than planned turnaround activity. Sequentially earnings in Europe were negatively impacted by lift timing, increased maintenance cost and lower natural gas prices. Our Asia Pacific in the lease segments continues to perform well. Earnings this quarter benefited from some favorable lift timing versus the first quarter. One quick note on our other international segment, effective this quarter we moved our Latin American and Poland operations into this other international segment. And our corporate segment results were also in line with guidance. Lastly you’ll see from our earnings release this morning that we have reaffirmed our prior guidance for capital DD&A in our corporate segment. Exploration expense guidance of $1.5 billion is also unchanged and includes risks dryhole expense. The outlook for production and SG&A cost is up modestly from our prior guidance to a range of $8.7 billion to $8.9 billion as compared to the original guidance of $8.5 billion. If you will turn to slide seven I’ll cover our production results for the quarter. As you know our convention for production is continued operations excluding Libya. On this basis, our second quarter averaged 1.556 million BOE per day which compares to 1.461 million per day in the second quarter of 2013. This is a headline increase of 95,000 BOE per day or 6.5%. 2.5% of this growth was due to lower downtime and the 4% or 60,000 BOE per day represents organic growth. This 60,000 BOE per day of growth was essentially all from increased liquids production with the largest source of growth being the Lower 48 unconventionals. Declines in North America gas production were offset by increases in international gas production. I’ll review margin growth next on slide eight. This slide shows changes in tax margins from second quarter 2013 to second quarter 2014 and also on a sequential basis. On the left side of the chart is the margins on an as-reported basis which were up 11% year-over-year. And are on the right our margins on a price-normalized basis. So on a price-normalized basis margins improved 2.4% year-over-year. Among the factors influencing margins in the second quarter were positive impacts from lower production in Libya and a positive impact from increased liquids production in the Lower 48 and adverse impacts from increased cost levels and wider differentials. As we’ve said previously this metric will tend to be volatile on a quarter-by-quarter basis but we expect margins to improve as we continue to shift production to higher value products and to places with more favorable fiscal terms. Once the heavy maintenance is completed in the third quarter we expect to see stronger underlying margin in the fourth quarter as higher margin volumes grow. And this set us well to achieve full year 3% to 5% margin growth in 2014. Finally I’ll review our cash flow waterfall for the first half of the year on the next slide. As Ryan mentioned we remained cash neutral over the first half of the year. We began with $6.5 billion of cash and short term investments. We generated $8.6 billion from operating activities and also added $1.3 billion from the SCCL distribution earlier in the year. With this we funded our capital program and dividend and ended the first half of the year with $6.4 billion in cash in short term investments. The recent Nigeria closing will add net proceeds of approximately $900 million in the third quarter. Recall, approximately $550 million of the $1.4 billion of sales proceeds were already collected and included in our cash balance. I’ll wrap up the review of our financial performance by noting that we continue to have a strong balance sheet which gives us significant flexibility to execute on our investment plans. Now I’ll turn the call over to Matt for an update on our operations.
Matt Fox: Thanks Jeff. As Ryan and Jeff already mentioned the business is running well and we are delivering on our organic growth goals. We exceeded our production guidance in the second quarter across several of our business segments, but particularly in the Lower 48. Some of this high performance is probably not repeatable and I’ll explain that in a minute or so. More importantly once we are through our annual turnaround activity in the third quarter we expect to accelerate our growth in the latter part of the year and that’s going to position us for strong 2015 and beyond. So it’s an exciting time for the business. Please turn to slide 11 for an update on our Lower 48 and Canada segments. In the Lower 48 second quarter production averaged 540,000 BOE per day. That’s a 10% overall increase from the second quarter of last year and represents a 30% increase in crude oil production over the same period. Sequentially volumes grew 33,000 BOE per day or 7%. And the biggest contributors to growth in the quarter were the Eagle Ford and Bakken. The Eagle Ford grew 12% sequentially from an average of 140,000 BOE per day to 157,000. We experienced a strong second quarter as we brought on a higher than average number of wells in March, commissioned a number of compressor projects and experienced flush production coming from the recovery of first quarter weather impact. The remainder of the 2014 will see a flatter production profile as we continue to move to multi well pad drilling that in the medium term slows down the number of new wells coming on production. But production from those wells will start to show up late this year and in to next year. The Bakken was up 19% from last quarter, averaging 51,000 BOE per day compared to 43,000 in the first quarter. This growth was helped by flush production and backlog reduction. We expect to have multi pad drilling effects and we are anticipating winter weather impacts in the fourth quarter. So the rate of growth will slow in the second half of the year. The net effect of this is we are still on track to achieve our 2014 volume targets for both the Eagle Ford and Bakken but we do expect rates to flatten in third and fourth quarters and then begin to ramp up as we head in to 2015. Unconventional appraisal also continues in the Permian and the Niobrara. And we remain optimistic about these emerging plays. In addition to our unconventional activities appraisal continues this year in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico on all four of our significant discoveries, Shenandoah, Tiber, Gila and Coronado. Our Canada business also performed very well operationally during the second quarter. We produced 284,000 of BOE per day which includes a 19% increase on liquids production year-over-year. In the oil sands Foster Creek Phase F is expected to start producing in the fourth quarter of this year and Surmont Phase 2 remains on schedule for flushing in mid-2015. Our Western Canada program continues to deliver good returns with the large identified drilling inventory and we continue to explore and appraise our unconventional plays in the Duvernay and Montney. On the exploration front we acquired a 30% working interest and approximately 5 million gross acres off the Coast of Nova Scotia and drilling is expected to begin there in late 2015. Next I’ll cover our Alaska and Europe segments on slide 12. Alaska average production was a 193,000 BOE per day, in line with the expectations. At CD5 the Alpine Center facility – project has begun and fabrication is now underway. This project remains on track for start-up in late 2015. In the second quarter, we resumed export from our Kenai LNG plant in April and have already sold two cargos. We are also making good progress at our Drill Site 2S, [inaudible] one and 1H NEWS projects. 1H NEWS is the third new project we’ve initiated since the passage of Alaska Production Act last spring. On June 30, the AKLNG parties executed a joint venture agreement. In addition we have jointly applied for an export license from the Department of Energy. So we are making progress in the technical work to assess the feasibility of this project as a way to monetize the significant North Slope gas resource base. Finally, we recently executed a contract for a new build rig to begin drilling in 2016. One last point on Alaska as you probably know Alaskans will vote in August on whether or not to approve the More Alaska Production Act commonly known as SP21. And we certainly hope the legislation prevails. We believe it’s important for continued oil and gas development in Alaska. We have identified and are actively developing opportunities for growth. Moving on to Europe, second quarter production averaged 213,000 barrels a day up 23% year-over-year, reflecting major projects start ups, Eldfisk II, sail, Jasmine and EIS as well as lower downtime than in the second quarter of last year. During the second quarter of this year we completed our J-Area turnaround work ahead of schedule and brought online the J-12 exploration well. The Britannia Long-Term Compression project is on track to start up later this quarter. Sail away and installation of the topsides was completed to Eldfisk II and the project remains on schedule for early 2015 start-up. With significant turnarounds underway in the UK this quarter this will impact third quarter volumes as we expected but overall the Europe segment is operating well and remains on schedule to deliver on its growth commitments. Now let’s review our Asia Pacific and Middle East segment and our other international segments on slide 13. In APME we produced 323,000 BOE per day in the second quarter roughly flat with last year. But the segment remains positioned for high margin growth in the second half of the year and in to 2015. Our partner operated Gumusut project is progressing towards first oil late in the third quarter. In June topside sailed away for our Kebabangan project and was successfully installed and we remain on track for first production there in the fourth quarter. At APLNG the first [conderbrie] gas processing facility started up this quarter and that was an important milestone for the upstream project. On a combined downstream and upstream basis this project is now about 75% completed and remains on schedule for a mid-2015 start up. Finally, we continue to evaluating opportunities with ongoing appraisal offshore in Australia, at Poseidon and Barossa. In our other international segment the key 2014 activities are exploration related. Currently we’re drilling the [Camosh] well in Block 36 in Angola and the [FAN] well in Senegal. We expect to have some initial drilling results in these wells later in the year. In Poland we recently safely completed a 25 stage 7.5 million pound hydraulics stimulation of the [Loblewo] well and will short list the well on an expanded floor test. And in Colombia we expect to begin exploration drilling in the La Luna Shale later this year. Our volume outlook is shown on slide 14. So this is our typical chart of quarterly volume guidance for continuing operations excluding Libya. The first and second quarter represent actuals and the third and fourth quarter show our expected ranges which are unchanged from prior guidance. However, our full year range has narrowed and the midpoint has increased to reflect a strong operational performance year-to-date. As expected third quarter production dropped primarily due to customer planned downtime and this year the key area for schedule turnarounds include Alaska, Canada, the UK and [inaudible] Importantly the – shutdown will take about 36 days will include brownfield activity for the tie-in of two new subsea wells that should come on in 2015. We expect to achieve a strong finish to the year with an exit rate of over 1.6 million BOE per day. By the fourth quarter our turnaround should be complete and several additional incremental projects should come online in the UK, Malaysia and oil sands. In addition to these we should have ramped gas sales to QC LNG in Australia which are scheduled to commence in the fourth quarter. The bottom line is we expected to deliver 3% to 5% production growth this year with strong momentum going into 2015. So this concludes my comments and I’ll turn back to Ryan for closing remarks.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Matt. So our story this quarter is really no difference than our previous several quarters. We’re focused on delivering our stated goals of 3% to 5% volume and margin growth while returning capital to our shareholders through an attractive dividend. Our capital plans are on track, cash flow neutrality is getting closer and we continue to create options and choices to sustain our long term success. So we’re following the plan and the path that we laid out over two years ago and it’s working. So with those comments I’ll turn it over back to the operator and we’ll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our first question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd – Deutsche Bank: Thanks everybody. If I could start with one on the U.S. Onshore I appreciate the clarity on the trajectory over the second half of the year. But I guess if we look at the Eagle Ford and the Bakken I know you’re quite active in both in both spacing pilots and then the Eagle Ford as well, with the upper Eagle Ford there, can you – any the comments and what you seen so far and what the trends are in that direction?
Matt Fox: So we’re still executing those pilot tests and we announced earlier this year that we had enough evidence accumulated to go to an atrophical and 80 acre high low development lower part of the Eagle Ford. So we’re implementing that now. And we’re continuing the pilot pass looking at the upper Eagle Ford and looking at tighter spacing there. And the same comments really apply in the Bakken we’re still looking at the opportunities to tighten up well spacing and other layers but there’s nothing really new to report there, Ryan this quarter.
Ryan Todd – Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thanks. And then if I could maybe one follow up on the cash margin trends I mean there was a slight tick and I realize this is on quarter basis it’s pretty dangerous but in slight down tick 2Q where there mix issues, can we think about – I guess how mix shift affected us, was that a result of some of cost increases that we saw in the quarter and looking forward over the rest of the year with the heavy turnaround schedule in 3Q, how would you expect trends to go?
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, I think you have the correct observations there, Ryan. The mix shift continues to be a pretty substantial positive for our cash margins. And what we saw this quarter is that was offset somewhat by wider differentials that we saw across our portfolio.
Ryan Lance: When we look at cash margins we do price normalization based on how much market prices have moved and when we don’t see the same kind of movement in realized prices that we saw in market prices that has adverse impacts on cash margins and that was the case this quarter, when we saw some wider differentials across the portfolio. And we did see some level of higher cost as well but mix shift is still long term what’s driving higher cash margins. We’re going to continue to see that trend develop. I think your observation and maybe this can be volatile from quarter to quarter is something that we’re going to continue emphasize. But if you look over the whole year as we mentioned earlier, we are on track to be in 3% to 5 % margin gross range on a price normalized basis.
Ryan Todd – Deutsche Bank: That’s good. Ryan, your comments on the cost increase side, on the cost – was some of that driven by just the fact that you guys have raised production guidance a little bit with higher production has brought some little bit higher cost or was it all inflation?
Ryan Lance: There is a bit of both of those and if you think about what we’ve done with cost guidance overall. We started the year with a cost guidance of $8.5 billion. That compares to a number that was more like about 8.25 or so last year. So we increased our cost about equivalent to what we’re projecting production growth. And we’re refining a little bit higher production growth and just a little bit higher cost than what we’ve seen before but not any one particular item that we can point to on cost but cost are generally a couple of percent higher than what we thought at the beginning of the year.
Ryan Todd – Deutsche Bank: Great, I appreciate that. I leave it there.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Folks, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I was curious. Some of your peers in the Eagle Ford have applied and received permits for exporting condensate and I am curious if you can comment as to whether for one you have applied for a similar permit and if not, do you think that would be something that could benefit your realizations in the basin?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Blake. We’re aware of what a lot of people are doing on the export. We’ve been out pretty publicly as a company supporting and advocating on the half of not only the condensate exports but the crude oil export is well which we think the condensate solves a very, very small problem. The larger issue we are having in North America is growing light oil production and the feasibility or the capacity being used up in the refining sector to really absorb that creating some of the differential issues that Jeff talked about and we have been facing back. But we follow it pretty closely. Right now we’re getting most of our condensate to the Gulf Coast putting it on ships and getting it around. We don’t see the – back but we certainly we watch it pretty closely and if we think there is an advantage to doing that we’d be in talking with the Department of Commerce as well.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay, great. Second question, this is probably a long shot but in the past you had used proceeds from asset divestitures to buy back stock fully appreciate that you are kind of past that program. But at least looking first half of the year you’re technically cash flow neutral and I am just curious if there would be any consideration to maybe use these proceeds to buy back some additional stock?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. No, thanks Blake. I appreciate it. I think as I said before we are kind of executing the plan we laid out and that plan from a couple of years ago we knew we would be in a little bit shorter cash flow neutrality but we grow into that by 2016. So we’re really using the cash on the balance sheet to fund the programs that we’ve got. We made those assumptions of modest commodity prices as commodity prices has maybe been a little bit higher than our expectation it’s freed up little bit cash but it’s really gone to our investment program and into the extent we fully fund all of our high quality investment programs we will consider share buyback at that point in time. But right now it’s being used to fund our dividend and our capital program.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Thank you Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thanks Blake.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Hi everyone. Could you talk – hey guys – your CapEx is high relative to the $16 billion you have guided it to on an annual run-rate could you talk about whether you attempted to spend a little more given things going for the wells you and I particularly I noticed the exploration expense is up so, whether or not that that you may be spending a bit more on exploration given that as I said things are going well. Thanks.
Jeff Sheets: So our CapEx for the year is running pretty much on track with our guidance. We have guided to $16.7 billion for the year and we are I think we are $8.1 billion though half of the year so, little bit less than the CapEx base. We think we are on pace for about $16.7 billion for the year on capital.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Are you going to keep that flat going forward? It was – I mean I am still working I guess back on the old number $16 billion is the run rate that we were working towards when you started the…
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, as we talked about at our analyst presentation in April I think we see capital in kind of $16.5 billion to $17 billion range for the next few years.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Yeah, I think that what I am trying to drive at is really the exploration program and whether or not you are happy with how much is being spent there and whether or not you would spending more?
Ryan Lance: Yeah, I would say Paul we are taking advantage of some opportunities. We talked about Nova Scotia we are drilling now in Angola and Senegal both. I kind view sort of the capital the $16 billion that we have talked is kind of running this year at about $16.7 billion as we said earlier at the Analyst Meeting but that’s looking at opportunities that we have in the portfolio and some of the extra cash we are getting from the higher commodity prices and deploying that in the places we think are adding value both in a little bit faster pace in the Eagle Ford Bakken and some of the exploration that we are doing around the world.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Yeah, and that’s Gulf of Mexico? Matt Fox Yeah, so we have an appraised program going there Paul in all of their existing discoveries and that’s what dominates our exploration capital for this in the Gulf of Mexico.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Okay, I get it. I’m just trying to really focus on the idea that we want to keep capital down but I understand that particularly in the [Guam] that was potential to spend more on an outright exploration. You kind of successfully close the – keeping on cash flow you successfully lose the Nigeria deal which I think was pretty much last one if I am not wrong of the previous program. Is there potential for you to further improve the cash balances by more – another around of major disposal. Thanks and I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, no, I think yeah, in terms of the announced sort of large disposition plans Nigeria really completes that what we talked about when we spun the company a couple of years ago. As I tell people we continue to look at the portfolio and quite a high grade it is, opportunities present themselves and we will continue to look at that. But I don’t see another major capital disposition program or announcement that you see coming us but we will be constantly looking at trying the high grade portfolio and clean up the bottom end and focus all of our investments in the top end of the portfolio. That really is really is driving the growth and the higher margins and the returns.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Good morning everybody.
Ryan Lance: Good morning Doug.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: In Australia it appears that exploration or maybe appraisal success has continued recently near the [inaudible] Discovery which I think Matt might have alluded to and on this point I want to see if there are any updates there and also where the one type of development is more likely then another meaning is this hopefully going to eventually feed the LNG facility nearby. So just a general update on that situation is what we are after?
Matt Fox: Okay, thanks Doug. We are getting close to completing our appraisal program in the Poseidium complex and we designed that program to give the information us that need to do exactly what you are Doug to make sure that we are optimizing the development plan for Poseidium and we have the same goal in mind on the exploration that we just commenced in the Barossa area. So basically this appraised activity is designed to establish of course the best backfill opportunity for the Duvernay LNG plant for example.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Okay, thanks a lot.
Ryan Lance: Thanks Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Hey, good morning, good afternoon. Just actually a quick forward on Australia, I mean how much gas do you think you’d be able to get over and above APLNG from sort of sales to other project there, I think you mention QCLNG gas any sort of rough order magnitude?
Ryan Lance: Well I mean it depends very much when these projects – I mean we don’t tend to take the opportunity to sell [ramped] gas to those projects but the exact magnitude of that will be dependent upon the timing of those stack ups relative to our stack-up. So it’s hard to put a number on that just now. But we have the capacity available to provide those ramp gas sales when the opportunity arises.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: All right, I am going to get to something more closer to whom but any progress on Venezuela or timing around that?
Ryan Lance: Yeah, on Venezuela we are in discussions with the Tribunal both sides, ourselves and the Venezuelans are now putting in their damages assessment and putting forward their – our positions with respect to the damages that were created from the Tribunals earlier award indicating that we unlawfully expropriated by the Venezuelans. So that award is also – we are in the process now of our damage assessments on both sides and we are saying that probably takes about a year to go through that process. It started a few months ago that’s kind of time line that we are operating under.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Okay, and then moving back in the U.S. I mean let’s just talk briefly about Permian. I think in your Analyst Day slides you were testing an area over in the Delaware and then sort of Southern Midland and I think you gave numbers I think it was 150 million acres in the Delaware and I think just under 100 in the Midland. So first question are those the total acreages that you have in those two shale basins or is it just those sort of areas that you are testing and then maybe give us some color about the recent well results and your rig plans for those two basins as we go forward and then I have quick follow-on.
Matt Fox: Okay, those numbers that you quoted, the 150 and 90 doesn’t [inaudible] for the Delaware and the Permian. Those really represent the acreage of where we are looking at unconventional development over a million acres in the Permian as a whole. But those are really representative of the areas where we are focusing on unconventional and exploration appraisal. Right now we have four rigs running and they all focus just now on the Delaware Basin. We have well repairs underway from the wells that were previously drilled in the Midland basin but we do drilling activity there right now. So that’s really – and what we are doing is basically testing the whole section as we describe at the Analyst Day there is about 4,500 feet of prospective section within the Permian Basin and certainly in the Delaware and we are going through the process of making sure that we explore and appraise those different horizons and so we get a clear understanding of what the development plans should be for that going forward.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: And are they mainly – is that mainly lease acreage with royalties or is this some fee acreage mixed in that from legacy production in terms of wells position?
Matt Fox: The areas that we are focused on for unconventionals are predominantly leased acreage.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Right, okay, thanks very much.
Ryan Lance: Thanks Ed.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Ed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Hi, guys.
Ryan Lance: Hi, Paul.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: On Venezuela there is markets rumor that [FICO] maybe selling their refinery. Wondering have you checked with your legal advisor whether you guys – in the event that they go forward can you put an injunction on that to sort of force Venezuela to speed up their settlement?
Ryan Lance: You know it’s probably not appropriate for us to comment on tactics that we might take in that regard Paul.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Okay. Or that maybe as a – for Ryan, the North American crude differential market look like it’s continued extremely volatile and is still not 100% clear that when or if the government is going to allow the export of crude – on I know that it’s only two years ago that you spin off the refining. Have you ever thought about to recreate an integrated operation or this is totally behind and you guys not consider given that look like there is pretty large refining system may be available in the market now?
Ryan Lance: Yeah, that’s a bit of a curve ball Paul I will give you that. Right now we are pretty much focused on our plans as an independent E&P company. So we’re pretty focused on trying to grow our production, grow our margins as we’ve outlined and be one of best E&P companies in the space today and part of that does – we have a large North American position certainly with the Eagle Ford, Bakken and the unconventional at our legacy position in the North America. So the export issues something that’s pretty important to us and we’re spending quite a bit of time advocating on behalf of that back in both on the Hill and with the administration.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: And the final question, first can you share with us any preliminary CapEx and production estimate for 2015?
Ryan Lance: Well I think we’re in the middle of putting our plans together but what I want to take us back to the analyst presentation that we did back in April and our plans really are unchanged from what we described to you guys back then, both capital and production.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: And maybe this is for Matt, Matt if I look at you indicated that third quarter with downtime from – and maybe that’s some third party operation that the startup maybe a little bit delayed. If you look at of your standpoint what is the biggest risk for you to achieve as your production target or that planned target for the next six to 18 months, is there any major project that you think is a little bit more concern or any particular area on the supply chain or anything?
Matt Fox: I think the range that we’ve given for both the third quarter and the fourth quarter captures the uncertainty that we see in the overall portfolio and the third quarter there was a bit uncertainty on the duration of some of our downtime and the fourth quarter is dominated more by the timing of the new projects coming on. One of the advantages that we have as a diversified company is that no individual – no single project is going to make a big difference in the overall scheme of things and that diversification in the portfolio helps us to limit the exposure to individual projects prices. So I think the range that we’ve given from third and fourth quarters is – captures all of that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Harlan of Society Generale. Please go ahead.
John Harlan – Societe Generale: Yeah three unrelated questions hopefully not strain your consciousness. With APLNG if you get approval how long would it take to really develop it? I know it’s beyond the scope of an investor call but I’m just curious?
Matt Fox: Well we made a lot of progress in APLNG this year I mentioned that we’ve signed a joint venture agreement and applied for the export to FTA and non-FTA countries. So we’re starting – and that will taking 12 to 18 months or so. And then feed would then take two, or three years so that’s our final investment decision would be in 2017, 2016-2017 timeframe and first production would be in 2022 to 2025. So that’s a sort of timeline that we’re looking at, John.
John Harlan – Societe Generale: Okay thanks Matt. With respect to Paul and Matt, did you want a core on the well you’re now testing and if so how did the rocks compare to say gas shales in the U.S.?
Matt Fox: So we didn’t go to horizontal section but we do have crude information from the vertical wells that we have are drilled there. And it’s difficult to tell there’s a good looking section that we’ve drilled the horizontal well and as you know until you actually frac and produce these unconventional reservoirs it’s difficult to know what you’re going. So we do not – we have already the usual data it looked like in the U.S. and the frac that we’ve just done on this well is basically an Eagle Ford style frac and so we’re getting our best shot and we’ll get sense of whether or not what sort of rates we can achieve but and we get to the end of the yield this year.
John Harlan – Societe Generale: Okay great. Last one from me, as regarding your deepwater exploration in Angola and Senegal, you’re going to be releasing well result individually or just on the quarterly call?
Ryan Lance: I suspect that certainly in Senegal we have some smaller companies involved they’ll be releasing information about – on a regular basis and on the Angola well I don’t know unless we win sea – so far things go but we remain get some information in advance of the quarterly call, we see another calls.
John Harlan – Societe Generale: All right thanks very much.
Ryan Lance: Thanks John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for getting on guys. I want to just follow up on Paul’s question about the front loaded CapEx or what seems to be front loaded CapEx this year and Eagle Ford is specifically not you talked about more completions in the second quarter can you just give us an idea on what the pace has been relative to – I think it was like a 190 wells you were planning for the year originally. Are you running ahead of that, or is that’s still a good number and how much of that we grew so far and then I’ve got a follow up please.
Ryan Lance: Yeah so that’s a good number so – a quarter that we’re working through and that place has been very consistent in terms of getting again the wells drilled. As you know as we move to pad drilling there tends to be more batch lake as the production comes on in terms of executing the number of wells we’re drilling we’re on pace for data around a 190 or so that we thought we would be for this year.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So second quarter I thought in your prepared remarks you had few more wells come on, so was it less in the Q1 or more in Q2 or just want to understand the pace that you see there?
Matt Fox: So a bunch of wells come on rate at the beginning of the quarter which meant that those wells were in production all the way through the quarter. That was one of the reasons the quarter was higher production than we expected. But overall from pace perspective it’s much same from a drilling piece from a completion and bringing on production that perspective that of course is influenced by the batch drilling associated with the pads and that’s what I was trying to indicate in the prepared remarks that’s going to be a bit more lumpy than it has been in the past because of the pad drilling.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for that. My follow up is a bit more conceptual I think it straddles a number of issues, asset monetization amongst them but mindful of Brian’s commentary, when you look at some of your peers Devon Energy for example with their handling situation and what they are doing there, now going go to Midstream MLP how do you guys think about your midstream infrastructure spending because obviously it’s a big enabler as you guys know I’ve been trying to reconcile the level of spending in Eagle Ford relative to the activity and I’m guessing mid-stream’s a big part of that. So how do you think about how you might be able to perhaps more efficiently monetize your midstream given the high level of CapEx and I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Jeff Sheets: If you look at our midstream position overall Doug going back in history most of that midstream position went into the DCP joint venture which has since gone with 466. So there are not a lot of midstream assets that are out there that could form the core of an MLP for us. As we look – as we go forward we’re having some midstream investments in the Eagle Ford and in the Permian, but those are really not of the size that we feel like we have the critical mass to be thinking about an MLP but that’s something that we’ll just continue to evaluate as we go through time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Reid of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: Hi good morning. Nearly had a – anyway. I guess a quick question for you getting back to the Lower 48 we’re seeing I guess two pronged question one is your gas production only down slightly here on a year-over-year basis after declining fairly aggressively for the last several quarters or years is that something now that we see the size of your shale play associated gas enough to gas production itself its ongoing down I think of that as consistent with what we’ve seen across the broader industry but I was hoping for some clarity on that.
Matt Fox: Yeah gas production in a broad sense is going to remain roughly flat in Lower 48, we’re not drilling any wells dedicated to dry gas but we have then associated gas production with Eagle Ford and Bakken for example, such that on a broad basis we’re going to be relatively flat in overall gas product probably for the next several years.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: And the follow up to that we’ve seen one company very large one in the space to swap of one type of likely very gassy assets for stuff from the Permian is that something with an overall I want to call you are CapEx constraint but let’s say at least capped level of CapEx that you would be interested in pursuing. I mean now the big asset sales are essentially down with Nigeria but I was wondering if that’s maybe something a little bit more imaginative side that you’d be willing to pursue here?
Jeff Sheets: Yeah I mean that it really then goes a long way for Ryan we’ve seen at or about I mean on an opportunistic basis the things like swaps and of underlying assets may make sense to this. So we’re always open to consider those sort of things for this. But it’s not big part of our ongoing plans.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: And if you were to look at more acreage in either the Permian or the Niobrara given your efforts that are ongoing right now, is that how we should think of the funding or is it that’s a future unallocated CapEx in ‘15, ‘16, or ‘17.
Matt Fox: And then the plans that we’ve laid out for $16 billion of capital, we’re including in there the fact that we intend to be develop our overall unconventional resource base including the Permian and the Niobrara.
Ryan Lance: And that includes Roger some lease acquisitions money as well. So we’re in the market every day, every week in these areas trying to build our positions and core output we think are good deals.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: Okay appreciate it. Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Roger.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Sullivan of Alembic Global Advisors. Please go ahead.
James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Hey folks thanks for taking the questions. I just want to look ahead a little bit. As you guys are absorbing the result of the non-op US Gulf of Mexico program that you guys have been participating in the last couple of years. Can you speak just a little bit about what looks interesting to you as you contemplate launching the operated program next year?
Ryan Lance: Yeah primary focus on the Gulf of Mexico has been and will continue to be the [paleongene]. We do have some interest in Miocene prospects that we will drill we get are operated and rigs available. But I would say that the primary focus going forward will be in Paleocene and we’ve had a lot of success there as you’ve seen with the four five significant discoveries. And we’ll go back to over 2 million acres of deepwater position there. And it’s about 70% to 80% Paleocene focused but we do have some insights in the Miocene opportunities as well.
James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Okay great. The other thing I want to talk about quickly on the onshore obviously you guys have commented generally about the programs in the Permian and Niobrara but just looking at Niobrara and I know that you probably don’t have much you can say about the anti-fracking measures on the balance but in terms of handicapping that, but has that effected your activity levels there, are you guys thinking about ratcheting back whatever your plan was in the second half of ‘14 as you think about risking likelihood of some type of negative outcome over there.
Ryan Lance: It hasn’t effected of execution of our plans change. We’ll just have to see if that those dollars actually make it to the – or not and then we’ll adjust the plans if we need to be some of those results there.
James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Okay but no kind of proactive stuffs. If I could sneak one more in I know you guys are doing a stratigraphic well in the La Luna in Columbia on shore this year. I wondered if you guys or couple of other operators are picked up bigger offshore pieces in the license surrounds that they run out there and they’re also and they’ve talked about the targeting the Lumina offshore. Have you guys looked at that or would you consider that?
Matt Fox: Right now we are focused on the onshore position that will good position which we believe in the La Luna and you’re absolutely right the first well the – this year will be a stratigraphic test to calibrate the geology the thermal maturity and so on. So at least as because I we’re not looking that offshore for the unconventionals around Columbia.
James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Thanks for taking the question. I realized this is less than 1% of your portfolio but can help asking about the polar light with Rosneft in the context of the new sanctions. Any color on how that might affect the business.
Matt Fox: Yeah Pavel as you know we’ve pretty much exited Russia with some of the moves that we’ve made as a company over the last two to three years. And right now we’re in a process work we’re actually marketing our – line interest. So that’s hopefully coming to some sense of conclusion over the course of this year.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Okay, fair enough. You think that sanctions will influence the marketing process or any sign of that.
Ryan Lance: Well it hasn’t today but we watch it I mean we obviously watch it pretty closely if the latest around the sanctions got ratcheted up a little bit more significantly both on the European and the US side. Today it hasn’t impacted it but again we’re watching it closely but as you indicated pretty small portion of the portfolio, it’s not a lot of proceeds that. What I put in the kind of the portfolio cleanup category right now that not leveraging but some just we need to cleanup in our portfolio.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Understood. And then on LNG I realized it’s still about a year before start up. But do you have a sense of how long it’s likely to take before it reaches full nameplate.
Ryan Lance: We have the – as you know we have two trains there Pavel. The first one will come up in the around the middle of next year. The second train will six and nine months later than that. And we should get to full capacity relatively quickly. We have the resource base that we need. We have the wells and facilities being developed that we need to do that. So we should get to full capacity hopefully by the middle of ‘16.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Okay at both trains?
Ryan Lance: Yes.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Got it okay. Thanks very much guys.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Pavel.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Scott [Hanold] of RBC capital markets. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi thanks. Just a couple of quick ones here. You obviously discuss a little bit of a midstream monetization opportunities. Can you discuss little bit on like mineral interest ownership you only have. I mean Anadarko obviously came out and discussed some stuff that they had it’s a looks like there is potentially some value here. Do you guys have something similar?
Ryan Lance: We’ve got a big Lower 48 Western Canadian Gas portfolio. So we do have assets where we have royalty interest and overwriting royalty positions. These are potions which provide us with revenue and really high margin production without any kind of corresponding operating expense or capital requirements. And we think these like we really think of other assets in our portfolios as we’re always thinking about whether what we could sale them for and get on an after tax basis is more or less than our hold value. One of things you got a think about an interest like this as we have pretty low tax bases in these types of assets, and that’s will gone be a real consideration. So we’re going – we’re just continue to monitor the asset market for something like in evaluated see if it’s kind a applicability for us in the future.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Okay could you give us a sense of how big that ownership is and what the revenues are roughly on an annual basis?
Ryan Lance: We really think it’s probably more appropriate that we do something like that if we get serious about doing a transaction like this.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Okay understood. And my second question is on Jasmine, I guess one of your partners discussed some compartmentalization and some performance, not to expectations. Can you give us a little bit of color on that and what you all thinks you can do here.
Matt Fox: Jasmine the production performance has been a bit below what we anticipated it would be because of a bit more reservoir complexity. It’s within the range of our expectations but at the lower end of the range. In fact as we’re drilling the Jasmine development wells we actually now believe that there is more gas in place, gas and condensate in place in Jasmine than we thought. But it’s a bit more stratigraphically complex. So we’re evaluating that just now and because we knew that there were some uncertainty we actually installed the platform at Jasmine that has 24 slots on it. And our initial plans were only to drill eight wells from it. So there is a lot of flexibility for us to add production and overcome this reservoir heterogeneity issue as time goes on.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Yeah, can you give us a sense on what kind on incremental CapEx spend it would take to kind of get it back to say the midpoint of that range of expectations.
Ryan Lance: Now it’s really too early to see where we’re digesting in those out from our production performance to date. And we’ll build to our plans as we get a better understanding of the reservoir dynamics.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Okay understood. Thanks.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Ellen DeSanctis Vice President Investor Relations and Communications.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Christine thanks everybody. Feel free to call us if you have any future questions or follow-up questions. We appreciate again your time and interest. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ellen DeSanctis – VP, IR Jeff Sheets – EVP-Finance and CFO Matt Fox – EVP, Exploration and Production
Analysts:  Paul Cheng – Barclays James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors Doug Terreson – ISI Group Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc. Roger Reid – Wells Fargo Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James Asik Sen – Cowen and Company 
Operator: Welcome to the Q1 2014 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Christine and good morning to everybody. With me here today are Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer and Matt Fox, our EVP of Exploration and Production. Jeff will cover the quarter’s financial highlights and then Matt will take us through the quarter’s operational highlights and provide some color on what to watch out for what’s to pay attention to for the remainder of the year. Then we’ll have Q&A in the last. During Q&A, if you can limit your questions to two. Of course, jump back into the queue if necessary. We will make some forward-looking statements this morning. And the risks and uncertainties in our future performance are described on page 2 of this morning’s presentation material and also in our periodic filings with the SEC. This information as well as our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations and additional supplemental information can be found on our website. Now we’ll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sheets: Thank you, Ellen. Hello everyone and thank you for joining us today. As you know, we just recently held our 2014 analyst meeting in New York where we reaffirmed our plans to deliver double digit returns annually to our shareholders. We outlined our production in margin growth plans for the next few years and hopefully gave you increased confidence on our ability to deliver on those plans. We have an exciting year ahead and as we reported this morning, are off to a strong start. So Slide 4 lists our key highlights for the first quarter. Operationally, we have a very good quarter. We produced 1.53 million BOE per day from continuing operations excluding Libya. Adjusted for dispositions and downtimes, this is up about 3% compared last year’s first quarter, so we’re seeing growth. We also made progress on key activities that will continue to drive organic growth. We delivered on key milestones around our major projects and continued our strong performance on the unconventionals. Exploration and appraisal activities continued during the quarter in the North American unconventional across Mexico deep water, Australia and elsewhere. These activities are key to our reserve and production growth beyond 2017. Financially, this was also a very strong quarter. We achieved adjusted earnings of $2.3 billion or $1.81 per diluted share. This was quite higher than expectations and I’ll address some of the drivers of this stronger than expected performance on the next slide. During the recent quarter, we generated $4.4 billion in cash from our operating activities alone. We also had positive working capital change of about $600 million in a distribution of $1.3 billion from FCCL, so a total cash from operations of $6.3 billion. And our balance sheet remains very healthy with over $7.7 billion in cash and short-term investment fund on hand as of the end of the quarter. Strategically, we delivered on both production and margin growth this quarter. We continue to expand our inventory organic growth opportunities to support our growth to support our growth goals. And importantly, we remain committed to deliver in double digit returns to our shareholders annually including a compelling dividend. So all in all, the first quarter was very strong operationally, financially and strategically. So now I’m going to turn to Slide 5 for a discussion on earnings. First quarter adjusted earnings of $2.3 billion were up 29% compared to last year’s first quarter and up 30% sequentially. Adjusted EPS of $1.81 was higher than consensus, about a dime of the difference of roughly $100 million was due to North American natural gas price realizations that were stronger than the realizations indicated by changes in market prices. Another dime or about another $100 million was due to gains from marketing of third party natural gas during the quarter. As a reminder, we have a strong commercial gas marketing organization that markets both equity and third party gas in North America. Given the high volatility in the first quarter gas prices, our commercial team was able to capture some benefit by supplying both equity and third party gas into premium markets. This benefit from our third party activities is not necessarily repeatable, but it speaks to our strong marketing capability. First quarter segment earnings are shown in the lower right side of this chart. So the financial details for each segment can be found in the supplemental data that accompany this morning’s release. But then we address a couple of items about the segments. Lower 48 earnings included the marketing gain. I just talked about it as well as strong realizations for natural gas. Canada segment earnings were very strong and again reflecting stronger business prices and the gas realizations. Gas realizations for the quarter were $5.81 reflecting both strong acre pricing and the placement of some volumes in the premium markets during the quarter. Canada segment earnings also included approximately $60 million benefit from foreign exchange which was offset mostly by foreign exchange losses across other parts of the portfolio. The last was pretty straightforward with nothing unusual to highlight in the quarter. Europe operations performed well in the quarter with growth coming from several major projects. And if you look over the past several quarters, we’re starting to see the benefit of volume growth in this segment. Our Asia-Pacific and Middle East segment was impacted by lift timing differences in China and Western Australia but otherwise was in line with expectations. And finally, our corporate segment was in line with our previous guidance. So if you’ll turn to Slide 6, I’ll cover our production results for the quarter. As you know our convention for production is continuing operations less Libya. On this basis, our first quarter averaged 1.53 billion BOE per day. Normalized for disposition and this is compared to 1.495 million per day in the first quarter of 2013. The waterfall shows that over the period, we had 6,000 BOE per day more plan and unplanned downtimes and in the first quarter of 2013 and net growth of 41,000 BOE per day. That represents a 3% increase compared to a year ago. The box on this stage illustrates the composition of this 41,000 BOE per day of growth. As we discussed at our recently analyst meeting we are growing in the highest marks and portions of our portfolio and this growth of higher margin production is driving growth in the company’s cash margins. And we’ll discuss that margin growth on the next slide which is Slide 7. This slide show changes in our cash margins from the first quarter of 2013 to the first quarter of 2014. And also, on a sequential basis. On the left side of the chart are the margins on as report basis which were up over 20% year-over-year on strong natural gas prices. And on the right are the margins on a price normalized basis. So on a price normalized basis, margins increased 13% year-over-year. Over this improvement, over a third or 5% is due to our underlying liquids growth especially in areas with more favorable fiscals. The remaining 8% margin improvement was due to the benefits related to equity and third party gas marketing activities that we’ve just discussed as well as Libya being down. So we are delivering on our commitment to improve margins as we grow, not just generating growth for growth’s sake. I’ll conclude my prepared remarks with our cash flow waterfall which is another good story. So I’ll move that now to Slide 8. This shows our cash flow performance for the first quarter. We began the first quarter with $6.5 billion of cash in short-term investment from the balance sheet. You can see we generated $4.4 billion of cash from operating activities. Had a $1.3 billion FCCL distribution and a working capital benefit of $600 million. We had capital expenditures and investments of $3.9 billion. And after paying our dividends and returning debt of $500 million, we ended the quarter with $7.7 billion of cash in short-term investment from the balance sheet. We’ve reduced our debt to cap ratio to 28% from 29% the beginning of the year. So we’re in great financial shape and well-positioned to execute our investment programs for the company. That concludes the review of our financial performance. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Matt for an update on our operations.
Matt Fox: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning everyone. So to begin, I’ll provide a first quarter operations update for each of our business segments. Then I’ll go over our production outlet for the remainder of the year. And I’ll conclude with a preview of some key activities to watch over for the rest of 2014. As we talked about each segment, you’ll hear a comment spread through the presentation and that’s true. As we progress through 2014 and then to 2015, we expect to see growth in almost every segment of our business. And we’re not just growing volumes. We’re growing margins. Virtually, all of our growing production will be at margins higher than our average margins to be. So let’s go to Slide 10, our Lower 48 in Latin America segment, which continues to lead the way on strong growth of the company. First quarter production averaged 507,000 BOE per day for this segment which is 7% increase from the first quarter of 2013. But more importantly, our crude production increased 16% over the same period. The biggest contributor to this growth with the Eagle Ford with just an average of 147,000 BOE per day during the quarter. Our daily peak rate for the quarter was 163,000 barrels a day. So we achieved good momentum after the weather problems early in the quarter. But currently our trail [ph] of operated rigs running in the Eagle Ford, I mean we brought 48 wells on line in the first quarter. We’re transitioning to the 80-acre high low developments, spacing to outline our analyst meeting a few minutes ago. And we have additional pilots and progress that are testing other than spacing. In the Bakken, we average 43,000 BOE per day and achieved a peak daily rate of off 54,000 barrels a day in the first quarter. We’re also performing pilot test in the Bakken to optimize our drilling and development programs. Unconventional drilling and testing continues in the Delaware and Midland basins in the Permian as well as in the Niobrara. It’s still early days, but as we said in the analyst meeting, we remain optimistic about these amazing place [ph]. In addition to our unconventional activities are appraisal drilling in the deep water goal for Mexico continues at Tiber and Coronado, and exploration drilling continues at Deep Nansen. In Slide 11, we’ll give you some highlights from our Canada segment. Operationally, our Canada business performed very well in the first quarter. We produced 280,000 BOE per day which includes a 9% increase in liquids production from the first quarter o 2013. Surmont 1 deep automating [ph] is progressing and the major project in Surmont 2 remains on schedule for first team in the middle of next year. At the end of the quarter, the project was 68% complete. Christina Lake Phase E is approaching full capacity and Foster Creek Phase F remains on track across production and the third quarter of this year. As part of our Western Canada winter drilling program, we successfully drilled 25 horizontal wells in the liquid rich plains across our acreage position. This program continues to deliver good returns and also a lot of drilling inventory. And we achieved a big milestone on the first quarter by drilling the longest horizontals onto well effort [ph] drill in Canada over 13,000 feet. There’s an impressive operation on technological accomplishment. And it shows we’re working 10-year [ph] to optimize the programs. We also continue to explore and appraise our own conventional place in the Duverny and Montney where we’re encouraging early results. I’ll now cover the Alaska segment on the next slide, Slide 12. Alaska production was about flat sequentially at 200,000 BOE per day. We remain encouraged by the improved –fiscal ‘10 [ph] was brought why the passage of the More Alaska Production Act last year. And no, we plan to spend more capital in Alaska in 2014 than we’ve spent over the past three decades. This increased investment will mitigate the claims and legacy fields and provides growth from new satellite fuels into the future. We’re making good progress at Drill Site 2S and Kuparuk. The Greater Moose Tooth [ph] is one project in the west from slope. And the one inch [ph], north east west side project. That one inch [ph] news project is a third new project that have been initiated by the company since the passage of the More Alaska Production Act last spring. We’ve had a good one to construction season ad at CD 5 and remain on track for stock up in [ph] late 2015. We drove two exploration wells in the western north slope. This one’s and flat top one. And we’re in the process of evaluating those results. [Indiscernible] but the contract is saying to deliver six cargos in 2014 with first shipment this month. In April, enabling legislation was passed by the state legislation to allow the State of Alaska’s equity participation in the AK LNG project. That is a positive step forward for the project, but there’s still a lot of feasibility of what to do. And we hope to move into [indiscernible] in the near future. Alaska has become an attractive area for investment. We’ve got a lot of activity underway. But we expect to provide additional growth opportunities for this segment in the future. I’ll next cover our Europe segment on Slide 13. Like the Lower 48, this segment recovered well from very challenging weather conditions late last year and early in the quarter. Production for the quarter averaged 220,000 barrels a day which is about 12% higher sequentially. On our last quarterly call, we discussed the startup of Ekofisk South and Jasmine. Eko South were ramping up volumes in conjunction with drilling activity. At Jasmine, we recovered from some minor startup delays and averaged 25,000 BOE per day for the quarter. And we brought [indiscernible] Jasmine in March. We also commissioned and started up a new San Juan Gas Plant at this Irish Sea. On to our construction activities and nearing completion, the Eldfisk II for early 2015 startup. And also a commissioning is ramping up for the Britannia Long-Term Compression project for startup and the third quarter of this year. In Poland, we continue exploring in the Baltic Basin just to the west of Gdansk. We completed two vertical wells in sidetracked one of them horizontal during the first quarter. We’re currently completing the horizontal section with an Eagle Ford style frack. And we intend to conduct an extended floor test later this year. As you can see at the bottom left of the chart, there’s a heavy turnaround activity planned in the UK during the second and third quarter, which I’ll discuss in a bit more detail in a later slide. So our Europe segment is positioned for growth from high margin production this year. And finally, let’s look at our Asia-Pacific and Middle East segment on Slide 14. In this segment, we produced 319,000 BOE a day, 9% higher than the fourth quarter. And over this period, we also saw a 20% increase in high margin and liquids for this segment. Our 1Q plan turnaround at Train 7 in Qatar was completely ahead of schedule. In Indonesia, we achieved first gas in the South Belut Project in April which is the fifth phase of block B [ph] oil and gas development. We also achieved first oil in February at Siakap North-Petai and our non operated commissioned project is progressing towards that to open the third quarter of this year. At Kebabangan, our topsides are schedule for sail away in the second quarter. And we’re on track for first reduction by the end of this year. And exploration, we drilled a successful appraisal well in Malaysia at Limbayong-2. And we remain encouraged by our findings there. So there’s clearly a more growth potential in the Malaysia business. APLNG also remains on track for our mid-2015 startup. From a combined downstream and upstream basis, we were 67% complete by the end of the first quarter. Our appraisal programs continue in Australia and the Browse Basin and at the Barossa field for well start [ph] in March and April respectively. Both of these wells should TD [ph] later in the second quarter. We expect this segment to provide significant production growth over the next couple of years. Before I move to the next slide, let me briefly touch on other international segment. The key activity in this segment is exploration related. In Senegal, we spudded the first well two weeks ago. In Angola, a rig is now on transit to block 36 and we expect this to spud the Kamush [ph] well late this quarter or early in the third quarter. I’ll cover the production outlet now on Slide 15. We showed this slide in our analyst meeting last month. We slightly exceeded our guidance for first quarter volumes, but otherwise our expectations are unchanged. As you can see, we expect production to drop during the second or third quarter due to seasonal maintenance activities across our operations. And on the left side of the chart is a list of the key turnarounds and tying up entities [ph] for the next two quarters. This activity will start late in the second quarter beginning in the UK, but the majority of our turnaround activity will occur in the third quarter. And these turnarounds impact almost all of our segments. The key activities in the third quarter will be in Alaska, Canada, the UK, and the Bayu-Undan field in the Asia Pacific region. Bayu-Undan is particularly noteworthy as this is a 36-day shutdown that includes brown field activity for the tie-in at two new subsea wells. By the fourth quarter, our seasonal maintenance should be complete and additional projects should be coming on line. I’m going to expect to exit the year at or above 1.6 million BOE a day. Full year production guidance for continued operations is 1.51 to 1.55 million BOE a day excluding Libya. And this is unchanged from a prior guidance and in line with our 3% to 5% production growth target. At this point, the biggest uncertainty in the ranges is startup of our non-operated commissioned project in Malaysia. I’m going to wrap up my comments with what to watch for in 2014. There are several activities underway to drive growth. Major projects, startups are expected at Gumusut, Foster Creek Phase F, Kebabangan and the Britannia long-term compression project. These are important activities that should impact the 2014 exit ways [ph] and drive 2015 performance. We also expect to continue growth both in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken relate as some development program, details of the recent analyst meeting. And these are the expectations with this place over the next few years. We’ll continue our North American unconventional exploration and appraisal programs with the focus on the Permian and Niobrara. We’ll also test that unconventional plea in Poland which the extended production test that I spoke about. The company also found and to see additional blocks in Colombia last year with explorational commands in the second half of 2014 to test the prospectivity of the La Luna Shale. Gulf of Mexico would be – more drilling continues in Tiber, Coronado and Deep Nansen. And we’re also preparing to begin and operate the drilling program late this year or early next year. Finally, as I mentioned earlier, we’ll begin explorations drilling in Senegal and Angola this year. And if successful, these programs would be catalysts for growth into the next decade. So here’s what I hope you’ll hear from our comments today. 2014 is off to a good start. We still will recover from some weather and startup delays early in the first quarter and exited the quarter in a strong position to deliver on our volume expectations for the year. Our unconventional programs are performing very well and our major projects are ramping up or progressing towards that top. We have another year of significant second and third quarter turnaround activity. But we’re optimistic about achieving our 3% to 5% production growth in the momentum we built to continue that growth into 2015 and beyond. Our exploration activity is focused on drilling and testing a high quality set of conventional and unconventional prospects. And there’s sort of a lot to update you on the coming months. So this ends our prepared remarks and we’ll turn over for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). And our first question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays, please go ahead.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Hey guys, good morning.
Jeff Sheets: Good morning, Paul.
Ellen DeSanctis: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Matt, on Foster Creek, it seems like you [ph] have been facing some operating issue [indiscernible] has been up and the cost has been pretty high. Can you give us an update, what is the game plan and how confident you are that you can return that operation into say a couple of years ago tie off operating cost structure.
Matt Fox: Yeah, these are short-term measures that we anticipate it would happen. As these steam chamber [indiscernible] and you expect to see steam oil ratios and [indiscernible] under those circumstances. But they operate, there’s a good plan in place to regain the steam oil ratios that the Foster Creek exhales [ph]. And as we add Foster Creek this [indiscernible] and move the steam from some of the more well developed steam chambers that can use steams. So we feel pretty confident across the creek that it will return to the high performance that we’ve seen on the past.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Jeff, can you give us an update, any update at all related to the other sales plan in Canada or for their oil sand.
Jeff Sheets: We’ve said on several occasions that we’ll continue to look for opportunities to liken our position on oil sands. But that is something that we’re going to watch or some of us state on that process, Paul. And there’s nothing that in our plans for 2014 in that regard.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Can I just sneak a really quick one for Matt.
Matt Fox: Okay, go ahead.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Man, from an M&A point of view, looking at your portfolio in the upstream, is there any particular location that you think you may want to be more aggressive in acquiring additional acres?
Matt Fox: You know, Paul, of course, we’re always looking ahead the [indiscernible] to add opportunities to our portfolio. We’re focused on doing that organically. And the exploration and teams are out there – all the team looking for a high quality acreage that we can add early in life cycle. So yeah, of course we will. We always want to take opportunities to strengthen the portfolio. But it’s all about organic live growth for us.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: So there’s no really any particular region or area that you think that you really have a hold and you want to be – substantially step up the land acquisitions strategic.
Matt Fox: There’s no region where we [indiscernible] that really we have a particular hole, and I wouldn’t want to go in. And if we have any specifics [indiscernible] looking at. It wouldn’t be wise to do that.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Okay, thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Sullivan of Alembic Global Advisors. Please go ahead.
James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Hey, good morning guys.
Jeff Sheets: Hi, James.
James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Oh, afternoon actually. I just wanted to hear if you guys have had any plans on reporting results. I know during the analyst day, you talked about ongoing spacing test into Bakken, testing I think down to maybe four middle Bakken wells for spacing unit out there. Is that an ongoing test? And give a timeframe where you might have results on that.
Jeff Sheets: Yes, James, we have I think it’s about it operated different pilot, operated pilot tests going on in the Bakken in particular. And we have some partner operated areas in the Bakken are testing different well spacings and different horizons. And the timeframe, it takes a lot of time to really get results that you can feel confident about. So I would say, over the next year or more before we get really definitive results that would drive conclusions on the well density.
James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Okay, that’s great. And then I just have two kind of the housekeeping types ones on your cost. Obviously, you guys had a pretty good performance this quarter on production and other areas. But to really jump out in the [ph] SG&A and the net interest numbers, I was looking for these on interest, now [indiscernible] pay down a bit of debt, but I’ve been on to the impression that the capital interest – capitalized interest number is going to come down with cash again out of the portfolio. Yet the net number was pretty low. And then just the SG&A numbers. Is there anything driving those and are those sustainable running rates?
Ellen DeSanctis: James, we’re looking at a couple things here. Hang on a second.
James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Sure.
Jeff Sheets: What the net is – the net interest number is higher than it was – I’m not sure what really your question is. And we do expect interest expense to be higher because in effect we’re no longer capitalizing interest and you see that in the first quarter.
James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Sure.
Jeff Sheets: So I’m not sure I’m following your question there James.
James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: I think I was just looking at the kind of sequentially at the numbers. I mean, I was – yes, it was up over Q1 ‘13 –
Jeff Sheets: Yes. I think in Q4 it’s roughly the same number. And you can just have slight variations during the quarter, so.
James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Okay, great. Then on the G&A number?
Jeff Sheets: G&A can also be a little bit lumpy as well quarter-over-quarter. I think we don’t try to give any guidance separate for production and operating cost and for G&A. What we said back at our analyst presentation as you recall is that we’ve see the combination of those to being $8.5 billion for this year which is a little bit higher than last year, but last year ramping up [ph] with growth.
James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Good morning everybody.
Jeff Sheets: Hey, Doug.
Ellen DeSanctis: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Profitability and margins were very high in the quarter and maybe even that a [ph] record level even after normalizing for price as I think Jeff demonstrated. And on this point I wanted to see if you could comment on couple things, first, if the trend in cost across the global portfolio, what you do think there [ph]? Two, your leaping [ph] status in the most recent period, and three whether there any other regional profitability mix factors either on the gas side outside just comments [ph] on Lower 48 that stood out in the period?
Jeff Sheets: I would say – well, we made some – we made some comments about the obvious things. Price is of course as you point out were big drivers this quarter and in particular natural gas prices. But underlying the margin growth is still the same thing we’ve been talking about, the movement of our portfolio, the more liquids into more production in areas where tax rates are generally lower. And that’s the underlying effect, what we said, it was still around 5% this quarter. We’re not having linear volumes [ph] in the portfolio does make a 2% or 3% difference in cash margin see there every year [ph] for us this year. And of course the fact that we are able to sell gas at strong prices and have bargaining games that help this time as well. In terms of other impacts, we mention that there were some minor impacts on lift timing this year, this quarter. Overall, lift timing was a negative on earnings mostly in the Asia Pacific area, and it probably impacted Asia Pacific earnings by the order of $40 million to $45 million on – in terms of lift timing, and with relatively smaller impacts across the other segments. But other than those things, there wasn’t really anything very anomalous in the – in the numbers. You asked about kind of trends on cost, kind of like on the previous question, what we are seeing is cost are going up as production is going up. But all that is covered by the fact that we’re producing higher value product. So overall, cash margins are going up like we’ve been talking about.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Sure. And then Matt, you talked about Alaska where you guys are obviously one of the leaders up in the state. And while it might be only – my question is whether or not the improvement in your opportunity set appears likely to be significant enough to be able to stabilize your output up there maybe [ph]. What I’m trying to gauge is whether or not Alaska can end up being significant enough to reps in another way of [ph] growth for the company over a reasonable period of time.
Matt Fox: Yes. I mean, we are the biggest producer up there as you know Doug. And this change in the fiscal regime has opened up opportunities there to stabilize with the claim [ph] from our overall asset-based. Our asset-base up there declines of about 7.5% a year. So the development activity that we have going on just – and field development drilling and in the major projects that we are – that we’re kicking off, the engineering firm [ph] moving towards sanction, we’re hopeful that we should be – that we could stabilize Alaska production. And dependent on the – how the things basically as we [ph] put these development plans together, there’s a possibility that we could see growth in Alaska, but even just stabilizing production in an assay of [ph] that size and that maturity would be a pretty good accomplishment. And I think that’s achievable over the long run.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Hi, good morning, good afternoon everyone. Matt, thanks to your comments. I had a kind of high level question about your acceleration the Eagle Ford and maybe the Bakken too. How representative do you [ph] think you are at the wider competition that you have in those areas? I guess what I’m driving at is to an extent you were slower to ramp up than some of your competitors, but have – at the analyst meeting put through a significant increase in your outlook for these areas. Do you feel like that’s represents what everyone is seeing or that you’re going to be acting and [ph] moving much faster than your competition? And I guess I was also thinking of any geologic implications you think about where you located them [ph], what you’re seeing against what would be the wider trend in the play. Thanks.
Matt Fox: Yes. That’s a good question, Paul. As you know that’s quite a lot geologic [ph]. But even though all these things are essentially in Shale [ph] there’s quite a lot of variability geologically as you move across the Bakken and as you move across the Eagle Ford. We think that the acreage that we have in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken is right in the sweet spot [indiscernible] in the Bakken is pretty clearly the sweet spot. The area where we have [indiscernible] maturity and sickness and pressure and geologic characteristics of our Eagle Ford position is strong. So I wouldn’t expect our results to be the same as everyone else else’s. I would expect the – over the – as we continue this development our returns will be higher than the average returns because of the position in the sweet spot. So you’re right, we didn’t pick – we didn’t ramp up the paces last to some other instead [ph]. We did that very intentionally. We try to do it right and do it fast and we will focus on maximizing value. And I think that the strategy that we’ve adopted in both of those places has gone a – has gone prove that to be the best long-term strategy.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Which I guess would imply that you’re volume growth in this place will outpace the volume growth in the wider play?
Matt Fox: I mean, it is very dependent on how many rigs people choose to run. So I couldn’t see if that’s going to be the case for sure. But the – but we are going to see significant continued growth in both of those places as we showed a couple weeks ago.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: I understand contextual what’s [ph] you’re feeling about how others are – others are behaving as regard – in competition with you?
Matt Fox: You know, it’s really hard to say, Paul, because – I mean, it depends on how quickly we’ve been growing so far and then what we tend to intend to do in the rig counts and I don’t even stay into [ph] that. But the – we are in the middle of the sweet spot in both places [ph] and we are really clear to our consistent strategy on how everyone execute that. And we’re continuing to see upside in both of those places that we’ll exploit over the next few years.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: That’s great. And then just to close off, the follow up is how our cost in particularly in the Eagle Ford but also at the Bakken as regards to the activity that you’re undertaking [ph]? How do we look at that? Thanks a lot.
Matt Fox: So is that operating cost or capital cost, Paul?
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Both please, but really I was thinking more operating, but –
Matt Fox: Yes. So our operating cost in both place are really low. I mean, we’re below $5 a barrel in operating cost. So it’s a very low operating cost. That’s one other thing that contributes to the high margins, of course along with the high liquids yield in both places. On our capital cost spaces, I mean, for this – the sort of wells that [ph] we have driven the cost. So we are seeing a pretty much in line with what the rest of the industry are seeing up there. So obviously that competitive on operating – I mean, capital [ph] cost in both place.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Great, [Indiscernible]. Thanks, Matt.
Matt Fox: Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Yes. Two questions probably for Matt. Firstly on the Bakken, you said a couple more years before you get [indiscernible] to think about well done is going [ph] to appreciate. And that’s not too fractures [ph] in probably some of this area is maybe slight off piece [ph] of that. Just on – what is it that you’re trying to see? Is it the sort of the year two and the year three declines to try and get a sense of the economics of some of these wells? And then also we have data from some of these wells for about year so far?
Matt Fox: Yes. That’s right, Ed. When you tighten up the well spacing, it’s you saw we would expect [ph] the early period of production to look similar on wells tighter spacing and wider spacing. So it’s not until the – until you’ve got a sense of the decline characteristics that you can really get full understanding if the wells are interfering with each other and competing for the same oil or if not. And so, that – you’re right, you need – you need a few years to get – to get confidence in the – in the overall type of characteristics as you tighten up. You got to be careful not to load [ph] the pilot test to flatter to deceive because in the early days you do expect to see similar performance from wells on tighter spacing. So you do – that’s why obviously and then [ph] we need some time to make sure that we are – that we’re actually developing incremental reserves and having incremental values of tighten well spacing up.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: So a little bit premature to have your wells where we can [ph] have confidence in?
Matt Fox: I think so.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: And then on the Permian, I mean, one of the debates in obviously in the refining space is there’s super light [ph] crudes that are coming out of the Shales. Obviously you have some of that in the Eagle Ford with condensates. You’re doing that test in the Delaware basin and also in the Midland basin. So I’m just wondering if there’s any differences in terms of the – I mean, obviously people quote crude, NGLs and gas but they probably don’t speak enough about the quality of the crudes that are coming out. Can you give us some color on what you’re seeing in terms of those tests [ph] because obviously it will affect the infrastructure that’s required and also the pricing of the molecules?
Matt Fox: Yes. Yes. The – you know, this may not a very satisfactory answer Ed, because as you go through this 500 feet of sort of stack opportunity that exists in the Delaware basin in particular, you get a very significant variation from some – in some areas let’s say, gas with a high liquid yield and some areas let’s say is a relatively low API oil, in other areas you got a strong condensate yield. It’s going to be very variable. But it’s clear that over the long run, there’s going to be quite a bit of gas, NGLs condensate and this is going to grow in production in the Permian business as a whole. And as our understanding and the industry’s understanding will matures, that implications will what sort of [ph] off peak and the infrastructure requirements that are [indiscernible] fully evacuate all of these products from the Permian area.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: And let more in the Delaware than the Permian?
Matt Fox: The –
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: [Indiscernible].
Matt Fox: – but even in the Midland basin too, there’s going to be – there’s going to be some significant variation there. But I think – my sense there’s a wider variation in the Permian than the Delaware but time will tell.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Matt Fox: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Hi, folks. Thanks for taking the question. Back at the Analyst Day, you kind of outlined the production profile where the US unconventionals were increasing and it seems like you were declining Europe and Western Canada, if I’m not mistaken to kind of accommodate to where overall things remained pretty much in lined with your previous guidance. My question I guess is what happens to those European and Western Canadian project? Is that simply being differed? And I guess where I’m wondering is do we have potential into ‘15 for there to be an opportunity to maybe getting [ph] toward the upper end of the 35% range on production?
Matt Fox: Yes. We’re very careful that if we are going to be just skeptical in an area [ph] that is deferring, we’re not going to lose opportunities. So the Western Canada, we’ve got huge infantry of opportunities there with a high liquid yields. And the European projects that we spoke about those are the deferrals [ph]. So both of those would give those areas for example are retaining opportunities to add growth in the later part of the – in 2017 and beyond. So I think that we’re making – we’re making pretty judicious capital allocation decisions that balance the short and long-term growth potential in the portfolio.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay. So that’s outer year not necessarily next year then, it sounds like?
Matt Fox: Yes, probably. But every year we saw – we look at the – we look at the portfolio. One of the beauties of that portfolio is the level of flexibility that we have and the level of optionality that exists. But the – but in general, the ones that we’re talking about are probably more of that than [ph] opportunities to continue growth beyond 2017, but time – but we’ll see, yes.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay. Thanks for that Matt. The second one, I apologize if this is a little bit detailed, but I just want to make sure we have steep [ph] from a modeling stand point. The K&I Alaska [ph] LNG, from a reporting stand point, I’m assuming obviously the earnings from that will simply drop into Alaska. But are there corresponding volumes associated with that? I guess I’m just trying to understand if this is just going to be simply margin expansion or if there will be both production and earnings increases.
Matt Fox: So there will be both but the production growth is relatively small. So each of those LNG tankers that we will load in K&I [ph] are about – contain about 2.7 high BCF of gas. And our expectation is that about 40% of that are soon will be [ph] equity gas, ConocoPhillips equity gas, and then there will be third party gas that we’re moving for those tankers as well. So there will be some production growth but annualized over the years relatively modest full [ph] [indiscernible] something like that over the year. But the – but we do get – we do get very good margins, good value from that business.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay. Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Blake.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, guys. Thanks for getting me on. Jeff, can I start with the DD&A guidance for the year, is that really going to be Bakken loaded compared to what you’ve done in Q1? I think in your analyst that you said [indiscernible] and one or two others might be responsible for that. What should we think of that as a unit DD&A [indiscernible] let’s say at the end of the year when the production is online?
Jeff Sheets: So we give guidance Doug, of $8.5 billion per DD&A for the year. And what you’ve seen we came in like one, nine or so [ph] in the first quarter. It can be back in load and really a few things drive that. One is, I guess we’re starting up whether it was [ph] ramping up in the first quarter, that’s one of the thought things [ph] causing increases in DD&A. We’re going to continue to see increases in unconventional production in our Lower 48 as we go through the year. That will cause DD&A to increase. But probably the largest single item is the when it moves to start up [ph] which is more of a third quarter item for us which causes that DD&A to be back and loaded. In terms of unit rates it’s – you’ll see that go a little bit higher. I don’t have those just right at the top of my head here. But we still think the 8.5 number is the right number for the year. And then you’ll see that – you’ll see that back and loaded a little bit higher numbers in the fourth quarter than in the second and third quarter.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: [Indiscernible] now Jeff. So Q1 was about 13 in change [ph]. And the average would be about 15 in change [ph]. So should we think something like $16, $17 kind of number in Q4 or that might be Jeff?
Jeff Sheets: Kind of order of magnitude. I think the way I tend to think about it more is that the DD&A doesn’t – it doesn’t apply to all of our production since you get equity barrels as well. So you got in our portfolio about 200,000 barrels a day of equity accounting barrels which don’t have DD&A associated with them. So I would say our DD&A is probably more like 15, 15.5 right now. And that you may see that drift up a little bit as you go into the third and fourth quarters.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks.
Jeff Sheets: [Indiscernible] significant volumes in the fourth quarter in particular.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Second one, my follow up if I may, and just a quick one for Matt. Matt over the years it has been a debate between operators in the Eagle Ford on how you choke your wells. We’ve seen obviously [indiscernible] with some very, very strong rates and there obviously in our well pressure part the reservoir [ph]. There is others like pioneer I guess which are a little bit sort of view [ph] and not [indiscernible] as you guys are, big advocate of kind of choking back to routine reservoir [ph] quality. So I’m just wondering if you could show us how are you approaching that in terms of how you think about the well race that [ph] you’re getting at? Are you choking Bakken or you’re trying to manage towards out longer term recovery or how do you think about it, and I’ll leave it there [ph] there? Thanks.
Matt Fox: Yes. So we’re more than – in the latter camp of [ph] managing the early rates. And that’s driven by a few different things. The – we don’t build our single well facilities so that they can handle a very peak rate [ph]. So you’re going to only going to have [ph] a few weeks or a few months even. And so, that’s a reason for doing it. We want to make sure that we keep all the propane in the whole [ph]. We don’t want to be having such a high draw than that were [ph] damage in our completions. And so, we do choke that way significantly. I mean, in the early month, we can have tube and head pressures over 7,000 psi, choke back. And then – and so, we manage it to make sure that we’re not oversizing the facilities and to make sure that we’re damaging the completion. And there are some evidence that that’s the right long-term thing to do as well. You’re not only start operating [ph] from an operation’s perspective so that’s the approach that we take.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Is that significant in terms of the upfront [indiscernible] does that slow you down quite a bit for a meaningful period or is it not really that material and you’re just trying to get a feel for what your decline terms might look like on as well?
Matt Fox: So we can – on some of our wells we’ll only be maintaining essentially flat production for several months and so over those months, you’re choking the reservoir back. So it has implications for the first year average rate. And then so there does have implications for the observed decline rate. I think that’s where you’re getting at.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, [indiscernible] right. Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks a lot.
Matt Fox: Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Faisel Khan of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Matt Fox: Good afternoon, Faisel.
Ellen DeSanctis: Good afternoon, Faisel.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Hi. Just going back to your comments on the Alaska LNG project, you talked about sort of enabling legislation passed in April. Is there any change from the comments in those major analyst meeting in terms of sort of the type of spend pattern you would see for this project over the next few years with this enabling legislation haven’t been passed?
Matt Fox: No, we were anticipating that the legislature would support the governor’s approach to this. So our view of the spend profile for APLNG hasn’t really changed. We were hopeful that we’ll get to move in to pre-feed [ph]. And we’ve already selected a high-level concept and I think I’ve discussed in previous calls. But we need to get in to pre-feed [ph] hopefully in the second quarter here and that will last for over 18 months. And then we’ll move in to the feed program which will take two or three years. So really the sanction of the project, we’re probably looking out to 2017 or 2018 before we would actually sanction the full scale project. It takes about a time to [indiscernible] the engineering of something of that sort of scale as you can imagine.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Okay, go it. And then just wanted to see if there’s any sort of re-through [ph] for guys drilling program and go low [ph] with the sort of recent results by the Cobalt on this Orca DST, is there anything that changes? So is there anything in that data that changes sort of your outlook for the prospects you have at the end of this year?
Matt Fox: Not really. I mean, the way we’ve been encouraged, I mean, by the results for the other operators we’ve had in the area. We picked up acreage before the play had been tested. The results we’ve had sort of seeing other operators and then sort of giving us encouragement that we’re in the right part of the play and we’ll know that before we get to the end of this. We’ll have the first well done hopefully by before the end of the year. But no, no change in our views really as to what the materiality and prospect of [indiscernible] in our Angola position.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Okay, just last question from me. On APLNG, you’d given some detail on that at the analyst meeting, but in terms of the progress on that facility, is it still – are all the major sort of components for that facility sort of coming online and are the producing wells sort of also ramping up the way you anticipate? I just want to make sure that there’s sort of no risk here that this – the projects or the slips that we’ve seen with a few others in that part of the world.
Matt Fox: No, we’re still pretty confident we’re hitting our milestones. The actual LNG plant itself on Curtis Island, I’m not sure if we’ve shipped all of the modules already but if we haven’t it’s pretty much all of the modules so we’re on track. We’ve built these plants before so we feel pretty confident that we’re on schedule there. And the upstream part of the project, we still have a lot of work to do there. Remember, we’ve got a lot of rigs running. We’re commissioning our gas plants, our handling facilities. But we’re still confident that the middle of 2015, we should be – have the LNG plant itself, the first train [ph] maybe and we should have the gas that we need to get that fully commissioned. So I would say that we feel that the project is on track.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Understood. Thank you for the time, appreciate it.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Faisel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Reid of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: Good morning or good afternoon as the case may be.
Matt Fox: Hello, Roger.
Ellen DeSanctis: Hello, Roger.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: Jeff, a question for you. I look at Q1 results and obviously we can strip out the payment from Canada. We can strip out the working capital advantage here in the quarter yet even after you do that free cash flow is essentially breakeven which given how you structured the company for the next several years, that’s a real positive sign. As you look at the projects that are coming on line kind of the midnight of the 3% to 5% volume growth and 3% to 5% margin, does a quarter like this indicate any sort of maybe you get there sooner in terms of the free cash flow matching or free cash flow – cash flow out matching cash flow in and getting to sort of a neutral or slightly positive free cash flow situation?
Jeff Sheets: Yes, in that we had a quarter with very strong pricing. We had Brent near 110 still and WTI above 100 and very strong North American natural gas prices, of course, which helps our cash flow numbers. I think the way we like to think about it though is we’ve got the growth and production and margins happening which are going to get us to that neutrality point across a wide range of prices and how quickly we get there can be influenced by prices. But by – as we talked about it in the analyst presentation, by 2017, we’ve added considerable production at high margins and we’re going to have the size of cash flows that are going – across a pretty wide range of commodity prices are going to get us to that neutrality point. Yeah, that could back up to 16 if prices were higher. But we don’t count on having prices like we saw on the first quarter long term in order to – as the basis for our plans.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: Okay. That’s helpful. And then from a strictly operational standpoint, heavy turnarounds last year in the summer and North Sea again this year, maybe, Matt, the question is for you is, is that going to be typical for your North Sea production over the next year, couple of years or are you getting pass sort of a pig in the python moment here, two big years of maintenance in the North Sea in the summer time?
Matt Fox: It’s more of the pig in the python thing for the North Sea. We had a huge turnaround last year in Norway, the biggest we’ve ever had. Yeah, there’s no significant turnaround going on in Norway this year or next year because we have [indiscernible] we have Norway in a three-year cycle. But with some short downtime at Eldfisk to tie in for the new Eldfisk II project, but it’s a handful of days from that. This year’s turnaround, it’s a little bit less than last year. I think it’s about 3% less in overall turnaround activity. But you’re right, these have been two relatively big years in turnarounds and that’s somewhat anomalous from that perspective.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Matt Fox: Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Roger.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. In your exploration section, you have a pretty extensive set of upcoming catalyst and I know that historically you’ve talked about kind of shifting away from high-impact wildcatting. Is 2014 somewhat of an exception or do you think you’ll continue this exploration run rate especially Deepwater going forward?
Matt Fox: No, I think we’ll continue it. I mean, there are some really interesting wells that we’re drilling this year. But no, our – we’ve built an exploration portfolio that has a good mix of unconventional and conventional opportunities with the – as a portfolio that allows us to do this. So a significant testing this year but continuing that over the next several years in the Gulf of Mexico and elsewhere. I mean, we’re continuing to add to the exploration portfolio. So I’m hopeful that we’ll have the 2015 and the years beyond that we’ll still have an exciting exploration and appraisal program to exploit.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: So in the context of kind of flattish CapEx in total, do you anticipate that your offshore spending or just globally will be up year over year in 2014 or –?
Matt Fox: No, well, on average I will say that it’s about 15% of our overall capital, about 2.5 billion a year. And some years a bit higher. This year, it will be about 2.1 billion for example. So it’ll be – it’ll fluctuate from year to year but it’s going to average, I think, around that 2.5 billion for the E&A [ph] program overall. And, of course, the split between conventional, unconventional Deepwater and shallower [ph] water, that’s clearly going to fluctuate as the best prospects mature and we get to the drilling phase of the lifecycle. But on average about 2.5 billion a year.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Okay. Thanks very much.
Matt Fox: Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Pavel. We’ll take one more question if there is one and then cut it off here.
Operator: Our last question is Asik Sen [ph] of Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Asik Sen – Cowen and Company: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys.
Jeff Sheets: Good afternoon.
Ellen DeSanctis: Good afternoon.
Asik Sen – Cowen and Company: And so I have a question on Malaysia. And Malaysia is a decent part of the growth equation over the next 12 to 18 months driven by Gumusut and KBB. How much Malaysian volume is embedded in the 2014 production guidance and could you provide – what is the incremental contribution from Malaysia expected in 2015?
Matt Fox: Off the top of my head, I’m not 100% sure for the component of 2014. I would say it’s around 20,000 barrels a year [ph] for 2014 and that would be higher but I can’t remember how much higher in 2015, maybe another 20 by the time we get to 2015. So as, I mean, that’s a significant part of the growth and a high margin growth is – but how much we’ve produced this year in Malaysia is very dependent upon when Gumusut starts up the – but it is a significant part of the growth and it’s good high-margin growth. And so we have S&P [ph] on production. We have the Gumusut LA [ph] production system [indiscernible] now. We’ll bring on the fuel and flow production system for Gumusut and hopefully in the third quarter here, we’ll bring on Kebabangan and late in the fourth quarter we still have the Malakai project in execution just now. And we’ve got four or five other discoveries in the area that we’re moving forward through the appraisal and engineering stage. So it’s a good piece of business for us and it’s going to contribute to both our production and margin growths over the next few years.
Asik Sen – Cowen and Company: Thanks.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Asik [ph], appreciate it. And why don’t we call it good day. By all means, call IR if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you so much for joining us everybody and thank you, Christine.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen DeSanctis - VP, IR and Communications Ryan Lance - Chairman and CEO Jeff Sheets - Executive Vice President and CFO Matt Fox - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production
Analysts: Doug Terreson - ISI Group Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse Jim Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors Paul Cheng - Barclays Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Faisel Khan - Citigroup Roger Read - Wells Fargo
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2013 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Christine and welcome everybody. Our executive speakers for today are Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sheets, our Executive Vice President and CFO and Matt Fox, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production. They will make some prepared remarks and then of course, will take your questions.  We will have folks to stick a question and one follow up today just so we can move through the queue. A couple of quick reminders. Today’s materials are available on our website and we will post the transcript of this call there soon.  I also wanted to remind you we’ve previously announced that we will host our 2014 analyst meeting in New York on April 10. So look out for some additional logistical details on that. And then finally, our safe harbor statement is shown on Page 2 of today’s presentation that we will make some forward looking statements during today’s website. The statement as well as our periodic filings with the SEC outline some of the uncertainties and risks in our future performance. Now I’ll turn the call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen and hello everyone and thank you for joining us today. So we just finished our first full year of an independent E&P company and all of us here at ConocoPhillips are pretty proud of what we have accomplished. 2013 was a year in which we had to achieve several strategic and operational goals to position the company for 3% to 5% volume and margin growth in 2014 and beyond. And that’s what we did. So if you turn to Slide 3, let me describe some of the highlights from this important year. Operationally, we met our production goals for the year. As importantly, we grew our reserves to fuel our future growth. As we saw it in announcement today, we achieved 179% reserve replacement ratio and grew reserves about 3%. Pretty strong results for a company of our size and certainly speaks to the quality of our asset base and our investment programs. Our 3% to 5% growth will come from major projects and development drilling programs across our operations. In 2013, we achieved start-ups in several major projects and we continued to ramp up our unconventional programs in the Lower 48. These activities will ramp up during 2014 as well and also provide strong momentum into 2015.  In looking longer term, our exploration program, which is key for sustaining our future growth, we had another successful year in 2013. We announced three Deepwater Gulf of Mexico successes. We advanced our North American unconventional exploration programs and accessed additional opportunities around the growth goal. So operationally, we hit the milestones we set for ourselves in 2013 and we have positioned the company for growth.  2013 was also a strong financial year. On a full year adjusted earnings, we were at $7.1 billion, up 5% compared to 2012’s adjusted earnings. This translates to $5.70 per share for the year. Cash from operations grew year over year and we ended up 2013 with $6.5 billion of cash and short term investments on the balance sheet.  Our cash margins grew 11% compared to 2012 and this reflects the fundamental shift toward liquids in our portfolio and certainly a key aspect of our value proposition. Strategically it was an active year for ConocoPhillips as well. We closed over $10 billion of non-core asset dispositions, including Kashagan and Algeria and these are certainly important steps toward high-grading our portfolio and Nigeria is really the only remaining announced asset sale to complete we hope to have that done relatively soon.  During ’13, we maintained our commitment t to pay a compelling dividend. We increased our dividend by about 4.5% at midyear and remained committed to increases overtime. So in summary, ‘13 was a very successful year for the company operationally, financially and strategically. We accomplished what we set out to do, to high-grade our portfolio, to position ourselves for volume and margin growth, to access and build opportunities for future growth, maintain our financial strength and finally, deliver strong shareholder return. So let me now turn over the call to Jeff and Matt for some additional comments on 2013 and a look into 2014.
Jeff Sheets: Thanks, Ryan. Well, first to recap the fourth quarter results on slide four. Fourth quarter 2013 adjusted earnings were $1.74 billion or $1.40 a share. Adjusted earnings were essentially flat to last year’s fourth and down slightly sequentially despite lower realizations. Some of the drivers in this quarter’s performance aren’t obvious, so I have the detail on those items. Embedded in this quarter earnings are weaker liquids realization in North America, reflecting wide differentials to WTI and WCS. For example, in our Lower 48 segment, our realized price for crude oil averaged 90% of WTI in Q4 2013, compared to 101% of WTI in Q4 2012. Bitumen prices were also particularly weak this quarter. Volumes for the quarter were negatively impacted by unusual weather in the Lower 48 and the North Sea which we pre-announced. We also had continued curtailment in Libya and a plan to turnaround in Qatar. And finally, the quarter benefited from lower tax expenses. Our tax expenses were lower both because of increased proportion of production in areas more favorable fiscal term, as well as an approximately $100 million benefit related to changes in tax estimates from several regions and an $85 million tax benefit related to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Australian dollar. Our fourth quarter segment earnings are shown in the lower right hand side of this chart. We have provided additional details on our operating and corporate segments in the backup materials. Next I will cover full year 2013 financials on slide five. As Ryan mentioned, full year 2013 adjusted earnings were $7.1 billion or $5.70 a share and adjusted earnings were up about 5% from the full year of 2012. And this makes the point that underlying performance is improving, realizations are about flat but margins are growing due to increases in liquids production -- liquids production from places of better fiscals which was consistent with our strategy. Despite volatile pricing and basis differentials throughout the year all of our significant operating segments were profitable. We continue to believe that our diversified product and geographic splits are key to providing consistent performance overtime. That was a quick review of our reported earnings results, again there is additional information in our backup and supplemental materials. Now I’ll turn to slide six for some specific comment on production. Total production in the fourth quarter 2013 was 1.518 million BOE per day, which included 1.473 million BOE per day from continuing ops and 45,000 per day from discontinued operations. This chart shows the drivers of the change in production from continuing operations compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. Fourth quarter of 2012 production from continuing operations was 1.566 million BOE per day, adjusting for dispositions in Libya, which were 10,000 and 43,000 BOE per day, respectively. Normalized production from continuing operations was 1.513 million BOE per day in last year’s fourth quarter and that’s the middle blue bar on the chart. Moving to the right, we show the variance in downtime this quarter driven by unusual weather impacts and a month long turnaround in Qatar. Finally, you will see that growth just about offset decline. I should note that there wasn’t much of a contribution from major project startups since they came on late in the quarter, but they will start making a visible difference in our future production. The majority of our growth came from our development and major projects in the Lower 48 shale plays and the oil sands in Asia. The full year volume story is more telling, so please turn to page seven. This chart shows the same convention of the previous chart, adjusted for downtime Libya and dispositions we grew product about 2%. Growth of 207,000 BOE per day was 30,000 per day higher than decline of 177,000 per day. This reflects underlying production growth in the Lower 48, the Oil Sands, Indonesia. Again the contribution from our recent major projects was negligible given the late year timing. And one note in 2013, Libya contributed 30,000 boe per day of production and at those volumes 2014 total production was 1.472 million boe per day. And we intend to exclude Libya in our future production outlook. So we now think of this 1.472 million boe per day as the base on which we are going to grow 3% to 5% in 2014 and beyond. And that growth is bringing stronger margins, and Slide 8, 9 put our growth in margin trends in perspective. The chart on Page 8 shows the 30,000 barrel a day production change from the previous slide – sliced by segment and product in order of year-over-year change.  At the top of the chart is our growth from liquids focused assets, especially the Lower 48 unconventionals, the oil sands in Canada and higher margin production from the Asia Pacific segment. We are growing in the places and in the products that have higher margins and declining in some of the lower margin streams like North America natural gas.  During 2013, liquids production from continuing operations increased to 56% of total production and should continue to improve in 2014 and beyond. The impact of this mix shift on cash margins can be seen on Slide 9. This slows year-over-year cash margins both on a reported basis on the left side of the chart and price normalized basis on the right side of the chart. As you can see from the left chart, 2013 cash margins grew 11% on an absolute basis despite flat realized prices compared to 2012, just like in the impact of production mix and location. On the right side of the page, we priced normalize the margins with 2012 as the baseline and margins grew 9% on this basis. We provided a reconciliation of this chart in our backup materials. We expect this metric to continue to improve and we will continue to track it since it’s a key aspect of our value proposition.  I will conclude my prepared remarks with our cash flow waterfall, which is another good story. So if you turn to Slide 10, this shows our cash flow performance for 2013. We began the year with about $4.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet. For the year we generated about $16 billion of cash from operations and over $10 billion from asset sales. Our continuing operations capital program was about $16 billion. We paid about $3.3 billion in dividends. As we announced in December, we prepaid $2.8 billion of future obligations to our 50% owned joint venture interest at FCCL and the remaining cash flow items such as debt repayments and cash flow associated with discontinued operations were a $1.5 billion use of cash. This leaves us in a very strong financial position at the end of the 2013 with about $6.5 billion of cash and short term investments on hand and a positive outlook for margin improvement that can grow cash from operations. So as we start 2014, we are well positioned to execute on our investment programs for the company.  That concludes [inaudible] … on Slide 11.
Matt Fox: Thanks, Jeff. I will kick off the operation section with some comments on our 2013 reserve replacement performance. We achieved very strong results for the year. We ended 2013 with 8.9 billion boe of reserves, up 3% compared to last year.  Importantly, we added over 1 billion barrels of reserves organically, resulting in our organic reserve replacement ratio of 179%. Including last year, we averaged over 165% organic reserve replacement as an independent E&P company. Our all-in reserve replacement ratio was 147%. This takes into account the impact of dispositions completed during the year primarily at Kashagan, Algeria and Cedar Creek Anticline which produces [ph] 588 million boe. Some of the key additions came from the Eagle Ford and Bakken. Most of the additions in these two plays were a result of higher competence in performance and offset bookings [ph]. However we have only booked less than 30% of identified resource in Eagle Ford and Bakken and that’s based on our current well pacings at 80 acres in the Eagle Ford and 320 acres on the Bakken.  So those subside potential still exists in these place as we get results from a spacing pilots. Canada contributed about a quarter of the additions predominantly from the oil sands. We also added reserves to APLNGs. We continue to drill our acreage there and with some contributions from both the U.K. and Norwegian sectors of the North Sea. We’ll provide more details on our reserve bookings including costs incurred in our 10-K that will be filed in February. Again we are really pleased with these results and we believe the differential for a company of our size. And the bottomline is that these reserve additions give us confidence in our ability to deliver sustained growth and value accretion from our capital programs. So next I will review our operating segments. In each segment, I will address key results from the fourth quarter and overall highlights from 2013 and I will give you some color around the activities to watch out for this year. I’ll start with the Alaska segment on Page 12, starting from the lower left with highlights from the fourth quarter. We applied for a two-year export license for our Kenai LNG plant. You may remember we base this facility in cold storage about a year ago to retain the option to restart but conditions changed with increase in gas production that could -- that cannot take advantage of that LNG capacity. At CD5, we began critical ice road constructions that lead us to new materials for roads and bridges, a key to accessing and preparing this project site. Moving to the top right. 2013 was a big year for our Alaska business, probably the most significant highlight was the passage of SB21 of the More Alaska Production Act. These changes have made the investment climate in Alaska more attractive and as a result, we’ll execute much higher budget for 2014, $600 million more than in 2013. And this capital increase is focused on adding production. For example, in addition to CD5, we continue our major project, work at Drill Site 2S and Greater Moose’s Tooth. And these three projects alone could add over 40,000 barrels a day growth by 2018 to offset the claims through tax. And we continue to make progress on the Alaska LNG project. This month we executed the heads of agreement with ExxonMobil, BP, TransCanada and the State of Alaska that defines a path forward for the commencement of precede and if all goes well, precede what at the start of early in the second quarter of this year. So I’d say we’re making progress in all fronts in Alaska. Let’s move onto Slide 13 to cover the Lower 48 segment. As Jeff already mentioned, like many other operators, we had adverse production impact due to weather in the fourth quarter in this segment. But despite the weather, we achieved some significant progress in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken in particular. In Eagle Ford, their operated program reached a milestone of more than 500 total wells on line. Production average 126,000 BOE a day in the fourth quarter, representing 42% growth versus the same period previous year. And we reached a peak rate of 141,000 BOE a day in late December. In the Bakken, we achieved a peak rate of 43,000 barrels a day and average 39,000 for the fourth quarter and that’s a 63% increase compared to the same period last year. In the fourth quarter, we also made progress in our emerging deepwater business. We announced the discovery at Gila, conducted appraisal activities at Tiber and Coronado and continue the exploration drilling at Deep Nansen in the Western Gulf of Mexico. Moving to the full year highlights, Lower 48 production was up 34,000 BOE per day representing 7% growth versus 2012. But more importantly behind this overall growth, our oil production grew 24% year-on-year delivering the mix shift we’re targeting as we execute our strategy. In fact for the full year 2013, the Eagle Ford and Bakken grew 60% on a combined basis compared to 2012. During 2013, we also matured our appraisal programs in the Delaware and Midland basins and the Niobrara. We continue to test various horizons, completion designs on natural wins in these plays with encouraging results to date. We’ll give you an update on what we’re learning in our Analyst Day in April. So the goal of these appraisal programs is they have clearer view of development plans for these plays by the end of this year. And we are managing Gulf of Mexico deepwater program, we announced significant results at Shenandoah and Coronado in the first quarter and the discovery at Gila in the fourth quarter. These were important milestones and established strong momentum for acceleration in appraisal activities for 2014 and beyond. Our Lower 48 business is a very unique and high value segment. We have few leading positions in several of the best Lower 48 unconventional plays where we are growing production and continuing to identify upside. Also, we have an enviable position in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico that’s delivered early success and provides future growth and significant value for the company. Please go to Slide 14 and we will talk about the Canada segment. Operationally, our Canada business performed very well in the fourth quarter. Volumes continued to ramp up at Christina Lake Phase E and the Western Canada winter drilling program got underway. We were focused on drilling a liquids rich inventory. We continue to drill and evaluate on conventional appraisal and driven in Monterey and we spudded the first horizontal well in the channel play – we drilled two horizontal wells this season. And overall 2013 was a very important year for the segment, like the Lower 48, we advanced very substantial yet divested of opportunities. For the year, production was up 1% and we achieved a 13% increase in liquids production compared to 2012 mostly from the oil sands. And oil sands business performed extremely well. Operational volumes grew 17% and by year end the Surmont 2 had achieved over 60% completion. And this positions us very well for ’15 [ph], next 2015 as we plan.  The theme for 2014 in Canada is continuous investment in growth. Our conventional liquids rich plays – our unconventional plays and our oil sands assets will all be active with some significant milestones on the horizon. So let’s move on to our Europe segment on Slide 15. Like the Lower 48, this segment experienced some very challenging, weather impacted fourth quarter production. However the big news on the fourth quarter was the start of production Ekofisk South in Norway and Jasmine in the UK. Ekofisk South production started in late October from the first of four pre-drilled wells, three months ahead of schedule. Ekofisk South is designed for 35 production wells that will grow production as we build over the next five years.  At Jasmine first production was achieved in November. Production is currently constrained by the half of platform capacity until we fill the connection with J-Area [ph] platform which should occur during this quarter.  Clearly the major projects dominated the operational themes for 2013 but extensive [indiscernible] in large part, project startups were key activity in the middle of the year and were executed very well. In addition to the two major projects I just discussed, work advanced on additional projects at Eldfisk 2, Britannia Long-Term Compression and Clair Ridge. We enter 2014 focused on ramping up and optimizing our major projects at Ekofisk South and Jasmine, and establishing production through our new East Irish Sea asset plant. In addition, the Britannia long-term compression project is preparing for startup in the third quarter of this year, and pre-drilling is underway at Eldfisk 2 in anticipation of startup in early 2015. On exploration front, in this segment, we expect to see results from our unconventional appraisal in Poland; two verticals wells and one horizontal well are planned. We've also begun exploratory drilling in the Barents Sea. So, our Europe segment had a pivotal year in 2013 after several years in project mode. We're positioned for growth from high value production that will extend the life of our legacy positions in Europe. We have a lot of work to do to ramp up and optimize our operations in 2014, but these positions – these activities will position us for a strong future in that segment. Finally, I'll cover our Asia Pacific and Middle East segment on Slide 16. Key fourth quarter highlights in this segment included the completion of the QG3 plant planned turnaround in Qatar and continued progress and access on future exploration options. We obtained operatorship and 100% working interest in the Palangkaraya PSC in Indonesia and we completed our seismic work in the Qijiang Block of China. These are both examples of relatively low cost, early stage exploration options. I'm pleased with the potential for materiality. Highlights for all of 2013 included progress on major projects that will make a step-function contribution to future production levels in this segment. During 2013, our partners progressed towards major project start-ups in Malaysia. We are now anticipating a first quarter start-up at Siakap North-Petai and a second quarter start-up at Gumusut. Our APLNG project is on schedule for first LNG by mid-2015, the Niobrara project stands at about 60% complete. On the exploration front, we announced the Proteus gas discovery in the Browse Basin, which was an untested structure to the Southeast of the Poseidon discovery. The big catalyst for 2014 of the Malaysian start-ups at SNP, (inaudible) and Kebabangan. And we have an important year ahead at APLNG, as we approach start-up in 2015 and we expect to provide a full update of these projects at our April Analyst Meeting in New York. Our appraisal programs offshore Australia will continue in 2014 with two wells each, plans in the Poseidon area and the Caldita/Barossa and the punch line in this segment is very straightforward. Significant production ramp up over the next couple of years from high margin volumes and upside from a drilling exploration condensate. I don’t have a slide in our other international segment. The main focus last year was on executing the divestitures that Ryan mentioned. In 2014, the key segment activity will be of exploration in Senegal and Angola, which should get underway by midyear. I will conclude my prepared remarks with some comments on our production outlook for the first quarter. We are on track to deliver 3% to 5% growth in 2014 from the projects and activities I just described. Excluding Libya, we expect to achieve approximately 1.5 million barrels a day this year. As Jeff mentioned, we’ll exclude Libya from future production outlook since we are not optimistic that production will resume from the eastern field anytime soon. In the first quarter, we estimate the volumes from continued operations excluding Libya could range from 14.90 to 15.30 and those in BOE per day. This range reflects short-term uncertainty around the ramp up of recent and pending start-ups, and includes a 15,000 barrel a day impact from a turnaround of the second chain in Qatar that will occur in March. Now, I will turn the call back to Ryan for a brief recap and summary of the key things for 2014 on slide 17.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Matt. So, I hope there is no doubt that 2013 was a successful year for the company. We delivered on our commitments but perhaps more importantly, we positioned the company for a strong 2014. Operationally, we had a significant inflection point for the company. We expect to continue ramping up our unconventional drilling programs and progressing on our major growth project. And as Matt mentioned, we expect to grow on almost all of our business segments this year, while progressing the major projects that will continue our growth into 2015 and beyond. Meanwhile, it’s a big year for our exploration programs. In our conventional program, we will be drilling in the Gulf of Mexico, Angola, Senegal, the Barents Sea in Australia. In our unconventional program, it was an active year in the Lower 48 Permian, the Niobrara plays as well as Poland and Canada. We should see ongoing improvement in underlying margins as we bring on new volumes and we will maintain our focus on improving returns while staying committed to returning capital to our shareholders. On the strategic front, we are moving beyond the positioning phase of our journey as an independent E&P company. So now we are focused on executing our current plans to deliver growth in volumes, in margins, while positioning the company for long-term success. Our goal here is to have a deep inventory of choices and options for investment and to be the best capital allocators in the business. We think our diversified approach to this business will service well over the long-term. We are not dependent on any single product, play type or geography and this allows us to consistently execute our programs through the cycles. Bottom line, we are positioned to deliver 3% to 5% growth in both production and margins with a compelling dividend. That’s our value proposition that we set out and we are committed to delivering on it. So, I hope, Jeff, Matt and I have given you confidence that our plans are on track for delivering key milestones in 2014. It should be exciting year and I look forward to seeing you at the Analyst Meeting in April in New York. And I would mention -- I think Matt mentioned 2014 production of 1.55 million BOE per day. So, now let me take all your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Doug Terreson of ISI Group.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group: In Lower 48 and also in International E&P, cash margin seemed to have been significantly stronger versus the year ago period, despite the [indiscernible] from realization, which I think one of Jeff's slide indicated. On this point, I want to see if we could get some color on the improved performance in those two areas, and specifically where you are seeing the improvement regionally in both Lower 48 and International E&P?
Jeff Sheets : Doug, I think it primarily comes back to changes in mix, when you look at cash margins within that segment, and that's what we are trying to highlight with the slide. It just kind of shows year-over-year changes in production. You just saw a fairly large shift in liquids production that we talked about increases in very significant percentage related primarily to Eagle Ford and the Bakken, the biggest driver of that change.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group: And Internationally, Jeff, could it be the loss of some lower margin production as well?
Jeff Sheets : Yes, I think that's the overall mix. As you would have properly flagged there Doug, if you look year-over-year we basically had the same overall realized price. But the shift of production within different jurisdictions, which is kind of highlighted on that one slide we have, shows production going up in the Lower 48, up in Canada, up in Asia, down in Alaska, down in Norway, down in the U.K. So, up in kind of lower tax areas and down in higher tax areas. That has a lot to do with helping drive the cash margin – that and just the shift overall to liquids production over gas production.
Ryan Lance : Doug, that's what we said. That's going to continue because that's the direction, that's the strategy, that's how we're allocating our capital, and that's how we're thinking about how we grow the margins and grow our cash flows as the production grows.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group: And then just quickly on capital expenditures. I think Slide 10 indicated that the company prepaid almost $3 billion of its oil sands commitment. And so I want to see if you could spend a minute on that item specifically why the company chose to do so? Was not there any interest or tax benefits that were meaningful, and also how it affects the spending profile on that project going forward?
Jeff Sheets : As we mentioned we prepaid a $2.8 billion obligation that we had and that was something that we incurred when we set up the joint venture back many years ago. The key for us is that was an interest-bearing obligation, it had about a 5% interest on it. You can really think of that being equivalent to debt. It was an obligation that we needed to pay over the next several years, and when we had as much cash as we have on our balance sheet just from a balance sheet management point of view that makes sense to prepay that obligation and save the 5% interest as opposed to leaving that cash on your balance sheet and variable return on the cash.  But the other thing we want to make sure we point out on that is cash that's moving into a 50% joint venture. So while it's a $2.8 billion outflow for us, that means that we essentially still own about half of that $2.8 billion. So it's more of a $1.4 billion net of outflow. So that does reduce capital that we'll have in the subsequent years. We did that primarily just from kind of a balance sheet management point of view of getting rid of an interest-bearing obligation and taking advantage of the fact that you would otherwise have cash on your balance sheet, not making a very good return.
Operator: Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Just thinking about one of the components of that is obviously your shale portfolio and you gave good guidance back at the investor day last year. Still some growth in the Eagle Ford where you seem to be a bit ahead of plan in the Bakken and Permian, then accelerate. So what's the constraints on perhaps even driving a little bit harder in terms of shale? Is it the amount of money that you have to still spend on some of these longer life pancake type assets, , SAGD, APLNG or is it that the shale itself has not yet delineated enough for you to put more capital to work?
Matt Fox : Well, Ed, this is Matt. It's really neither of those things actually, really what is the -- we’re focused just now on running a safe and efficient operation. We do want this economy to scale, we do want to get too far ahead of infrastructure. But the real reason is that that we’re benefiting from -- still benefiting from our cost learning curve and are drilling in the completions and that’s going to improve even further as we move towards spud drilling for most of our wells. So the cost learning curve and then there’s a huge technology learning curve ahead of us in the unconventionals. This going to improve the overall efficiency of these developments and -- in the years to come. So we see consistent redeem in the Eagle Ford with an 11 rig program and we do have the flexibility as you point out to change that everything that’s a right value proposition.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Right. And most of the rigs which is HPP so there’s no pressure as well. And then just a follow-up on shale and Matt, what are you most excited about that you feel that you can talk about last year when you think about the North American shale, clearly not just and maybe include Colombia as well but not just in the U.S.?
Matt Fox: Sure. I mean, I think, we’re making progress on all of the shale plays, clearly the Eagle Ford and Bakken are now in development mode, but we’re still seeing upside there and associated with pilot test that we’re running for looking at decrease in well space and I sort of alluded to that in my prepared remarks. And we’re getting encouraging results in the Permian, both in the Delaware and the Midland Basin and encouraging results in the Niobrara. And then, again, in Canada we have -- we’re still getting good results from our unconventional program out there. And we’re going to give you a lot more detail on this when we get to the Analyst Meeting in April, because we think we will give you sort of update on what we’re learning in all these plays and that I’ll take a bit of time and we’ll do that in April.
Ryan Lance: I would add Ed that, we continue to believe and I think our results are proving out that we’re in best positions in the best plays and can we get any surprises we get usually to the upside and we’ve got more resource and more opportunity as we think about our capital program and our allocation of capital is -- some of the big projects starting to wind down.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Great. Very helpful. Very clear. Thanks.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Jim Sullivan of Alembic Global Advisors. Please go ahead.
Jim Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors: Hi. Good afternoon, guys.
Ryan Lance: Good afternoon, Jim.
Jim Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors: Just wanted to look a little bit ahead on this margin story, obviously the passage of SB21, the last production act as you guys thinking a little bit differently about Alaska. And we obviously appreciate the details on Moose’s Tooth and so forth. And I -- with the reservation that I’m sure you guys are working on -- I want to talk about this in more detail at the analyst day. But you guys just comment a bit on how you see that affecting the margin profile going forward. I mean, obviously, you have an array of tax benefits in that bill. And so just, can you, sort of how to -- how it compares to the base production and is it kind of along the lines of Lower 48 or how should we think of that?
Ryan Lance: Well, it’s not as strong the Lower 48 because there’s still even with the tax improvements in Alaska, higher taxation in Alaska than in the Lower 48. The Alaska production is all oil. Which helps us on the cash margin side as well, where you think about something like Eagle Ford is kind of 60 oil and 20 NGLs and 20 natural gas. So Alaska is going to also contribute to helping with cash margin because the continues to help with the oil production, probably not as much as increased Lower 48 production wells.
Jim Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors: Okay. Great. That’s all I had.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Hey, guys. Good afternoon.
Ryan Lance: Hi, Paul.
Jeff Sheets: Good afternoon, Paul
Ellen DeSanctis: Hi, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: I have two questions, one maybe is a little bit overall picture, Ryan, one of your competitors Shell the new CEO is essentially saying that had it been a hunch, it’s risky and want to scale back. Obviously that for the company and from your side you can’t just always go for the single, it won’t work? So that’s basically that you have what internally considered by the proper allocation of capital, how much is your percent of your capital, you want to chase those really high-risk big (inaudible) or that how much is that you for that’s a lower risk and smaller one? And also that whether it’s capital or production profile I mean is there anything you can share on that thinking?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. What I’d say Paul is that we’re broadly at the higher level in terms of allocation. We think about spending about 15% of our capital on the exploration. We like to do that through the cycles. Now if we get success and we start to appraise, we’ve got a decision that we face about increasing that percentage for appraisal and keeping an exploration program going. But I’d say, broadly speaking, we’re spending about 15% of our capital on exploration. We’re really kind of value based as we think about it. I don’t go into it trying to overload either unconventional or conventional. Today our program is pretty balanced. It’s about 50-50 conventional and unconventional. But everything has to compete. So whether it’s a new unconventional play that we might be looking at in other country or here in the U.S. or in North America, it’s got to compete on a cost to supply basis and an expected rate of return. So for doing our risking appropriately, doing our technical work appropriately everything has got to play. So I don’t really look at it and say, I’m not going to go elephant hunting or anything like that, we’re just trying to do the best technical work we can, risk it the best way we can and then every dollar competes. So we’re not…
Paul Cheng - Barclays: I guess, I mean Ryan, if I could clarify myself. When I say elephant hunting, it’s not just for the exploration. So for example when you go with Alaskan LNG, if indeed that the project trying not to be economically viable is going to be extremely expensive? And even the partner that your share is going to be huge. So there is huge big block and if anything happened there, it is going to be a huge negative impact on the company. So, those are kind of projects. So I’m wondering that if they internally sell off my -- a percentage of the capital or the production you want to be in those big projects?
Ryan Lance: I think we look at -- we still look at returns and cost of supply and try to ask ourselves is it competitive in the portfolio. We know that big resource, long-dated projects like Alaska LNG that you referred to are similar to what we’re executing in Queensland or what we’re doing in the oil sands of Canada. Both have a different profile, different return profile than unconventionals in North America but again this is the part where we think a diversified large global E&P company with the balance sheet like we have is important because there is a place in the portfolio for some of those projects to balance it out. Over time they reduce capital intensity and they have a place in the portfolio. But we have to be careful. We have to look at the other alternative investments and the other options and choices we have in the portfolio. And we haven’t made that decision on the Alaska gas because we’re still studying it and we’re still trying to understand what that cost is going to look like, what the economics, how it competes in the global marketplace for LNG and how it competes in our portfolio.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: And the second question is for Matt. Matt, on Eagle Ford, based on your previous production chart from this point on that growth is really going to slow down. But I guess my question is, is that just being out of conservative or indeed you think that is the most likely base case scenario. Should we be more aggressively trying to shift and increase the activity in either Bakken or in the Permian?
Matt Fox: Yeah. So we’re going to give you an update on that Paul, as we may get together in the April for the Analyst Day. That was a view of how production would be likely to move in the Eagle Ford. Our view has been changed. We were going to show you something that’s a bit more optimistic than that in April.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Okay. Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Folks, good afternoon. I’m sorry to ask you to repeat the guidance. But I just wanted to make sure, be a 100% clear. I thought I heard the first quarter guidance number and then a full year. And I was hoping you could just repeat that if you don’t mind?
Matt Fox: The first quarter guidance Blake was 1,490,000 to 1,530,000 barrels a day for the first quarter and that’s really -- there is quite a wide range of uncertainty there because of the ramp-up of new projects that are going to be happening in that quarter. And this also would be affected by the downtime and the one of the Qatar LNG trends. So that was that the first quarter. And our full year guidance is basically unchanged from what we’ve been seeing at 1.55 million barrels a day for the year. And all of those numbers I just gave you exclude Libya.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay. Matt, just to be clear. Now you had some weather-related impacts on Lower 48 in 4Q, obviously we’ve seen some pretty rough weather this past week. Does that contemplate anything you may be witnessing currently for 1Q?
Matt Fox: That range includes some uncertainty and any weather impacts that we’ll see for the remainder of the quarter.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay, great. The second question I had for you, this maybe a bit premature but on pre-salt Angola, I know you will begin drilling this year. Some of your peers who had success and ended up having some gas, basically the fiscal terms from what I understand didn’t really contemplate monetizing gas. Are you trying to proactively get ahead of maybe kind of reevaluating your contracts with the government or you just taking a wait-and-see approach there?
Ryan Lance: We don’t have gas right, within those two blocks, blocks 36 and 37. And the way that we model the petroleum system there, we don’t expect to find gas, the way we model the maturity of the (inaudible) expectation is that we will find oil, if we find anything, it’s still exploration in next program. So they -- we are still hopeful for that. We had blocks. It’s a quite fix section above the structures and the effect of that is that it fills the [Soshok] which means the [Soshok] less material, not to get too technical on your business. But nonetheless we expect that that’s going to be an orderly petroleum system prospect.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay. Good to hear. Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Blakse.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good afternoon everybody.
Ellen DeSanctis: Hey Doug.
Ryan Lance: Hey Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I am not sure who wants to take this one but if you go to Slide 7 in your book. I am wondering if you could give us a little bit of help with its puts and takes on how you see 2014. So 1.55 , guidance, I’m looking at last two bars of decline in the growth because what I’m really trying to get to is the composition over the decline in terms of gas in particular, obviously that’s when you look at your realized margin, I am guessing that would be a big help because there is a lot of gas in there. So if you could help me with the puts and takes and I got a follow-up?
Ellen DeSanctis: Doug, this is Ellen here. We love to take this kind of offline with you. We’ve got the data that could help you but I don’t have it at my finger tips. Obviously in the 177, quite a bit of -- our North American gas is declining of course and now we see in the 207, excuse me, the growth we show on that page, that our liquids ramped in the unconventional.
Ryan Lance: Doug, your question is probably more looking forward to 2014, right?
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, yeah, its pretty much for 2014. I am trying to get a feel for the underlying decline on the mix and underlying decline.
Jeff Sheets: Yeah. I don’t think that data we got really at our finger tip right now. Directionally we are going to see the same type of things. We are going to continuing to grow more liquids production than gas production as we ramp up oil production in Malaysia as we continue to grow the unconventional that the oil sands continue to grow. So you will see lot of the same things in 2014. We probably have to -- I am not sure if we tap that information , that’s something we can probably give you more detail on…
Ellen DeSanctis: Analyst Meeting here.
Jeff Sheets: …when we do the Analyst Meeting. 
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, that’s great. I will pick it offline. My follow up really is kind of related, I guess, but hopefully you can help me with this one Jeff, but if I look at the next several projects coming on line, it looks to us at least that that there is a fair number of them, we’ll not incur cash taxes at least from the early years of production. I am just wondering if you could help offer some color and particularly things like basically you came in all feedstock, I’m guessing, you won’t be paying cash taxes in early years. I’m just wondering if you could confirm that and may be press numbers around that. Thank you.
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, I may add a few things and will see that quite helps. So if you think about where our capitals going in the Lower 48, lot of it’s going into drilling, lot of that capital is IDCs and which of course get very rapid depreciation. In Norway, you get rapid depreciation, in U.K. you get essentially almost immediate depreciation on new capital. So directionally you are right on all of those. The way that manifests itself in kind of our results is just what you see under deferred tax line on the cash flow statement. You’ve seen that that was a pretty significant source of positive cash in 2013, little bit less so in the fourth quarter than in the other quarters but there were some impacts that how the impairments in the fourth quarter roll through the cash flow statement, ebbs and flows impacts. You would have seen the similar number in the fourth quarter which you saw in the previous quarter. So it was a pretty substantial impact, positive to cash that will probably continue on in the 2014. But I don’t have the number that I can give you that you know exactly what that impacts are going to be. But that’s where it shows up for us, it’s – how much of it add back to your deferred tax and new cash flow statement.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That’s embedded in your report cash margins, Jeff?
Jeff Sheets: No. It’s not. The way we do a cash margin calculation is just simply a adjusted net income plus your amortizations, plus your DD&A and your dryhole cost and your leasehold amortization. So we don’t factor in deferred tax into that. So, if we take rather kind of simplified approach to cash margins and we do that because that’s the kind of metric we can have a comparison against other companies with.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Really helpful. Thanks guys.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Doug. Welcome back to you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Faisel Khan of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Thanks. Good afternoon. I appreciate the guidance on margin growth and production growth. I was also wondering, whether you guys have sort of goals on return on capital employed and what those looks like underneath so the assumptions you have for 2014 and for that matter going forward?
Ryan Lance: So our return on capital employed for 2013 is pretty similar to what we saw in 2012 and it will be, will be a bit challenge to improve return on capital employed in a very near term. A lot of that has to do with the fact we got large capital going into projects that are not really producing much right now, if you think about APNLG, some of the oil sands assets and also due to the fact that, as Matt mentioned in his remarks, we were relatively conservatively booked on a lot of the unconventionals, which leads to some pretty high DD&A rates on the unconventionals and all those things kind of impact net income, which of course impacts return on capital employed. You see a better picture for us once APLNG starts up, when the Surmont starts up and once we get a little bit more fully booked on the unconventional. So, we do see that we will be improving returns on capital employed plus prices can affect that metric as they change but those improvements are probably more in a 2016, 2017 kind of timeframe.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Fair enough. And just on Alaska, so I understand it’s kind of early to figure out what the cost this project would be, but what type of capital are you spending right now on it and what are the -- what’s sort of the critical sort of timelines or sort of time post in order for this to sort of move forward or even gain some traction?
Ryan Lance: I assume you’re talking about APLNG?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Yeah.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. So as you know we’ve selected the concept -- we’ve selected to say. We just announced an [HOA] with the first structure in place for the project and we’re hopeful we’ll start pre-FEED in the second quarter. Right now, it looks like a project that will be somewhere between $45 billion and $65 billion, and that’s because of some movement, different scope and so on, but that’s our scale. And it will be something around the 17 million tons per annum since three chains there. And the timeline that we’re working with just now is that we would make a final investment decision in 2016 or 2017. There is quite a bit FEED required for project of this scale and between the pre-FEED and the FEED that will be 2016 or ‘17 before we make a final investment decision and first gas would be 2022 to 2025. So, that’s the sort of range that we’re thinking about just now for the project.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks guys.
Ryan Lance: Okay. Thanks, Faisel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo: Hi. Good afternoon.
Ryan Lance: Hi, Roger.
Ellen DeSanctis: Hey, Roger.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo: Well, I guess, main thing I’d like to focus on here is just trying to understand the, I know how you reiterated the 3% to 5% volume growth, 3% to 5% margin expansion. Could we walk through here what the margin expansion should be from at least my growth assumption more of second half ‘14 of that but just I wanted to hear what your take is on that?
Ryan Lance: I think that’s probably a fair assumption. As Matt mentioned earlier, as we think about volumes overall for 2014, the impact of timing on start-ups at some of these key major projects is going to be a question. I mean, we do -- I think like some of the previous questions that I have gotten too. The same kind of things that drove margin growth this year are going to be the things, the drivers next year as we continue to ramp up oil sands production ramp up, Lower 48 production and get to a full production in Gumusut, which because of the way the production recovery works there, had some really strong cash part and so you will see those all same, three drivers. North America natural gas probably won’t grow in our portfolio going forward. We could see a slowing of decline in Alaska, but overall that’s probably not going to cause margins to move significantly. So it’s really back to the same primary drivers that we’ve had this year, going to be drivers in 2014 as well.
Ryan Lance: With the same reductions in the gas side, so Europe, Lower 48, some of the lower margin gas, it’s not getting capital investment, Roger, it starts to decline since that mix that Jeff described in his remarks.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo: Okay. So it is safe to assume that margin is sort of a full year event in the production. Like, you said, I don’t know want to put words in your mouth. But at least in my assumption on projects start-ups more of a second half event, does it get right away?
Ryan Lance: Yeah. And really with cash metric like that, we try to warn every quarter that that can swing up and down because incoming DD&A can be less than, I would say ratable through the year for different reasons. So we think it’s important as we go forward that we talked about just kind of how we’re progressing on more longer-term measures and just looking at it quarter-to-quarter.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo: Okay. And well, I know you don’t give quarterly production. The last question I had was last year, especially in the summer months, a lot of turnaround activity had a pretty significant impact on production volumes. Can you kind of characterize for us this year when we would be anticipating in terms of maintenance and turnarounds?
Matt Fox:  Yes. In 2014, we’re expecting about 20% more planned downtimes than we have in 2013. And we’ve got downtime I mentioned in the QG3 between seven in the first quarter. We have turnarounds in Prudhoe Bay in the second and third quarter, turnarounds in the U.K. in the second and third quarter. And a big turnaround to the Bayu-Undan field in Australia in the third quarter. So we are expecting the overall planned at 10 times to be above 20% more than it was in 2012.
Ryan Lance: 2013.
Matt Fox: In 2013, sorry.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Operator: Thank, Roger. Thank you. We have no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to Ellen DeSanctis.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Christine and thank you everybody. Of course, feel free to call us back. If you have any lingering questions then we certainly look forward to seeing you in April. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen DeSanctis – Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications Jeff Sheets – Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer Matt Fox – Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production
Analysts: Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse Doug Terreson – ISI Group Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc. John Herrlin – Societe Generale Roger Reid – Wells Fargo Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan Brandon Mei – Tudor Pickering Holt Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to Q3 2013 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, the Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. You may being.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Christine. Thanks to all of our participants and a big welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Joining me today in the room are Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and Chief Financial Officer and Matt Fox, our EVP of Exploration and Production. We will begin our prepared remarks in a moment. But I wanted to make sure that all of you saw the announcements this morning that we completed the sale of our Kashagan business for about $5.4 billion. Just a quick mechanical point, we sent the earnings release and the Kashagan releases separately, that was because we had to queue up the earnings release last night and weren’t entirely certain about the timing of the Kashagan close. So, apologizes there for a little bit of possible confusion; but this is obviously a huge milestone for the business and wanted to get the news out to the marketplace this morning. Also wanted to make sure that all of who saw in our release this morning that we expect to announce our 2014 capital and production budget in early December and then in 2014 we will be hosting our Analyst Meeting on the 10th of April in New York, obviously details to follow. If you’ll turn to page two, you’ll note our Safe Harbor statement and that describes the risks and uncertainties and our future performance, these are also described in our periodic filings with the SEC. With those details out of the way, I am going to turn the call over to Jeff. Jeff?
Jeff Sheets: Thanks, Ellen. Hello, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. I am going to jump right into material beginning on the slide three, this slide shows some of the key highlights for the quarter. Once again the theme of today’s call is pretty simple, we are successfully executing on our business plan. Operationally, we delivered our expected volumes. We produced 1.514 million BOE per day which is in line with guidance despite the curtailment of Libyan production for most of the quarter. From continuing operations, we produced 1.47 million BOE per day. Without the disruptions in Libya, we would exceeded the high end of our production guidance. As we’ve stated for quite some time, we expected this quarter to be the low point of volumes and we are positioned to grow from here. The third quarter was an active period of seasonal planned maintenance. We executed this key turnarounds on schedule and most of that work is complete for the year. Our major growth projects are progressing Christina Lake Phase E and Ekofisk South are now producing and others are nearing first oil. We have several near-term milestones that Matt will discuss in a minute so operationally we executed our plan. Moving to the financial results reported earnings were $2.5 billion or $2 per diluted share. Adjusted earnings were $1.8 billion or $1.47 per share. This is 7% increase year-over-year. We were also up 4% sequentially despite this being the low point for volumes. And excluding working capital, we generated $3.8 billion in cash from continuing operations and we ended the quarter with $3.9 billion in cash. Cash margins grew 13% compared to last year’s third quarter reflecting the impact of higher prices, production mix and location. Normalized for changes in prices cash margins grew 3% year-over-year. This is an important part of growing cash flows to internally fund our investment programs and dividends over time. In the quarter, we continued to prune our portfolio and closed on two non-strategic asset sales our Clyden undeveloped oil sands leasehold in Canada and our interest in the Phoenix Park midstream asset in Trinidad and Tobago. And as Ellen mentioned at the start of the call, importantly, we achieved a big milestone earlier today with the closing and receipt of funds for the $5.4 billion Kashagan transaction. And we continue to make progress on closing our other announced assets sales. We are continuing to add to and test our conventional and unconventional exploration inventory globally and these programs are running at a high level of activity. Finally, we are committed to returning capital to our shareholders. In early July we increased our dividend by 4.5% and we remain committed to increasing the dividend overtime. In summary, we delivered our plan for the quarter. We achieve the operational performance we expected and generated the strong financial results. We are positioned for an exciting phase of growth and margin expansion, which is the essence of our strategic plan. So please turn to slide four, and we’ll cover the financial review for the quarter. Again, this quarter’s adjusted earnings were 1.8 billion or $1.47 per share and this was slightly above consensus. The 7% year-over-year increase in adjusted earnings was primarily driven by higher margins. The higher margins reflect strong liquids pricing in the quarter and a continued shift to higher value liquids in the portfolio. Average realizations were up 6% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. Production from continuing operations was in line with expectations, but down sequentially and flat compared to the third quarter of 2012, largely reflecting the curtailments in Libya. We have shown a table of segment earnings for the quarter in the lower right corner of the slide, our usual segment charts can be found in the appendix of this deck and we don’t plan to review these on the call but wanted to make a few key points there. Alaska income was down sequentially due to planned maintenance but in line with our expectations. Lower 48 adjusted earnings were up sequentially, reflecting strong liquids prices and the mix shift. Canada generated significantly higher adjusted earnings sequentially as well. Although natural gas prices were weaker than last quarter, bitumen prices were particularly strong, reflecting higher WTI prices, favorable diluent prices, lower crude differentials and lower seasonal blending requirements, sort of a perfect set of conditions for the oil sands. At this point, we would not expect fourth quarter realizations for bitumen to be as strong. Europe and the Asia Pacific and Middle East segments were also in line with expectations. Our Corporate segment adjusted losses were about $40 million higher than in the second quarter of 2013 due to the absence of licensing revenues in the third quarter. This was about the same level we would expect for the fourth quarter as well. So, there is no change to our full year guidance of $750 million for this segment. Next I’ll step through our production performance for the quarter on Slide 5. Total company production in the second quarter was 1.514 million BOE per day and this includes 44,000 BOE per day from discontinued operations. This chart shows continuing operations compared to the third quarter of 2012; and in the third quarter 2012 production from continuing operations was 1.47 million BOE per day. Adjusting for dispositions of 12,000 BOE per day normalized production from continuing operations was 1.548 million in last year’s third quarter and that’s the middle blue bar in the chart. And I’ll talk about growth from there. The Libya downtime accounted for 28,000 barrels per day reduction compared to last year’s third quarter, but that was partially offset by lower downtime in the rest of our operations around 11,000 per day in this year’s third quarter. The key is the next two bars. You can see that growth of 215,000 barrels per day more than offset declines of 186,000 barrels per day, this represents net organic growth of 29,000 per day or about 2% adjusted for dispositions and downtime. The majority of the growth came from our development projects in the Lower 48 shale plays, growth in our oil sands asset from China. And as I mentioned before this should be the low point on continuing operations volume that we’ve been predicting for a while and we are now positioned for an upward trend. If you turn to Slide 6, I’ll make a few comments about the improving margin trend we also have underway. This slide shows how our third quarter growth and changing mix drove cash margin improvement compared to last year’s third quarter. The chart shows the change in this quarter’s volumes by region and product compared to last year’s third quarter. The growth shown in green is all from liquids. In addition, it’s coming in areas with more favorable fiscal terms in the company average notably the Lower 48, Canada and the Asia-Pacific and the Middle East segments. Normal field declines in Alaska and Europe and lower natural gas North American natural gas production somewhat offset the growth. Slide 7, shows the impact of our growth, mix shift and fiscals on our margin performance. This slide shows sequential and year-over-year cash margins both on a reported basis and on price normalized basis. Compared to last year’s third quarter, cash margins grew 13%, sequentially cash margins grew 6% and realized prices improved compared to both periods, but that’s not the whole story. On the right side of the page using our public sensitivity as we price normalized margins with last year’s third quarter as the base line, as you can see cash margins improved 3% on a price normalized basis compared to last year. This metric will tend to be volatile on a quarter-by-quarter basis, but we expect the trend to continue to improve as we shift production towards higher value products and places with more favorable fiscal terms. And we will continue to track and report this metric. I’ll wrap up my comments with our cash flow waterfall and quarter financial position on slide eight. I am going to talk you through our cash flow and this does not include the proceeds from Kashagan, which we announced this morning and virtually our fourth quarter item. Through the third quarter of 2013, we generated $11.8 billion of cash from continuing operations and our working capital was about $100 million source of cash. Through the end of September, we’ve generated $3.2 billion in asset sales proceeds from the sale of Cedar Creek Anticline asset, the Clyden asset, the Phoenix Park and some smaller asset packages. If you include Kashagan, and this increases to $8.6 billion. So, far this year, we’ve funded $11.9 billion capital program for continuing operations and paid out $2.5 billion in dividends. Debt and other, which includes the capital, associated with discontinued operations accounts for $1.2 billion use of cash in 2013. So, we had $3.9 billion of cash on hand as of September 30, essentially flat to where we started the year. Our balance sheet and financial situation are very strong and just got stronger today with the closing and receipt of the proceeds from the Kashagan disposition. We are in a great position to execute our investment programs and deliver value through a combination of organic growth, improving margins and a compelling dividend. That concludes the review of the financial overview and now I’m going to turn the call over to Matt for an update on our operations which begins on Slide 9.
Matt Fox: Thank you, Jeff. As Jeff mentioned the main theme of this quarter’s operational performance has been on plan, in fact that’s been the theme over the past several quarters. I’m going to cover the operations material by our capital categories. As a reminder those are high qualify based assets, our lower risk development drilling programs, our major projects, and our exploration program. So I’ll begin with a quick review of our base asset performance. Most importantly this quarter’s major turnaround and tie-in activity went according to plan. And this essentially completes the majority of a major turnaround activity for this year. I’ll run through a few of these key activities quickly. Alaska experienced high seasonal turnaround activity at Kuparuk and Prudhoe, and the Lower 48 we had planned downtime of the Lost Cabin Gas Plant. In the UK, the Britannia Area and Southern North Sea turnarounds were completed and planned maintenance was also recently completed at the Foster Creek in the oil sands. The shutdown activity that began in Norway’s Greater Ekofisk complex in June was completed early in the third quarter and included the brownfield work necessary for the new Ekofisk South and Eldfisk II projects. As the chart on the lower left shows, most of our planned turnaround activity is complete for the year. Fourth quarter turnarounds are nearing completion at Clear and Qatargas 3. The restart of the assets after the recent turnaround should deliver strong volume momentum in the fourth quarter. So will the expected production startup in the East Irish Sea following about a year long shutdown there to replace the asset gas plant. So you can see our base assets performed well. Now let’s move on to our development programs on Slide 10. These development programs consist of lower risk drilling led activities around the world that mitigate our base decline and generate higher margins and attractive returns and these programs remain on track to deliver about 600,000 BOE per day of production by 2017 as shown on the top left graphic. In the Kuparuk Field in Alaska, our core chipping drilling sidetracks continued in the third quarter. Since changes are made to Alaska’s fiscal with the more Alaska production act, we added a rig in Kuparuk at the end of May. We are planning to add another rig for development drilling at Kuparuk in January and we continue to work with partners and improve to identify additional opportunities to increase activity there. A big milestone for the quarter was reaching 500,000 BOE per day in the Lower 48. Of course, this is largely due to performance from the unconventionals in the Eagle Ford’s and the Bakken, but continuing good performance from the Permian conventional program. A couple of highlights from these place Bakken production averaged 334,000 BOE per day in the year’s third quarter, up 31% compared to the same quarter last year and up 13% sequentially. Our focus during the third quarter was in the time from drilling a layout to bringing in on production. This continues to be a focus and will become even more important as we shift the pad drilling. At the end of the third quarter we had 11 operated rigs running in the Bakken, nine of which were pad drilling. The Eagle Ford also continued to deliver strong performance. Third quarter production averaged to 126,000 BOE per day, up 66% compared to the third quarter of last year. Sequentially the Eagle Ford grew 4%, a bit lower than the first half of 2013’s growth because this quarter was impacted by the commissioning of further stages of the Helena and Sugarloaf stabilization facilities and maintenance of third-party facilities to increase meter sizes resulting in a slight increase in downtime versus the second quarter. At the end of the third quarter, we had a backlog of 77 wells waiting on facilities on various stages of completion. This represents a 38% reduction in our inventory compared to year end 2012. So we are gaining on the backlog. The Eagle Ford exited the third quarter over a 130,000 BOE a day. And for the fourth quarter, we will continue to run 11 rigs in the play and expect to bring on between 50 and 60 operated wells. As we head into 2014, we are in full transition to multi-well pad drilling are more than 1,800 remaining identified well locations assuming in 80-acre well spacing. Right now six out of the 11 rigs running in the Eagle Ford are pad drilling. And we expect to see more variability in the quarterly production levels as we move to pad drilling, but we anticipate continued growth in this asset next year. In Western Canada, we continue to see good results from margin enhancing drilling programs in the liquid-rich plays, here our development drilling activity continues to focus on the Glauconite, Montney, Lower Cretaceous and Tri Asset place. Activity levels are expected to ramp up in the fourth quarter as we prepare for and execute our winter drilling program. Finally, our legacy field development programs are also on track through all of our operating areas. Now, let’s discuss our major projects on slide 11, we were approaching some very important milestones. Our projects that are very high levels of activity and remain on track to deliver about 400,000 BOE per day of production by 2017, as shown on the top left graph. Virtually, all business segments are contributing to our growth from major projects. In Alaska, our CD5 project construction is progressing on schedule and preparations are underway for the winter construction season when the ice roads are in place. We continue to pursue engineering work and additional satellite projects for sanctioning in 2014. For example work is underway at Shark Tooth and Greater Moose’s Tooth 1. We will make a decision on these projects late next year. You also probably saw a recent announcement about the site selection for a possible Alaskan LNG project which we now refer to as AKLNG. Along with our co-venturers we are performing studies now to determine the feasibility of that project. Our oil sands project are performing as planned, the combined oil sands project averaged a 107,000 BOE per day during the quarter, up 16% year-over-year. Christina Lake Phase E started up in mid-July and this should add about 20,000 BOE net over the next several months. At our operative Surmont 2 project, we remain on plan for first team in the first half of 2015. You may have seen the announcement that we achieved first oil at Ekofisk South last week, a couple of months ahead of schedule. This is an exciting milestone for the company. Over the next few years, we’ll ramp up volumes as we drill 35 producing wells and eight injection wells. And by early 2015, we’ll also start first production at Eldfisk 2, so we are positioning ourselves to achieve significant growth in Norway and extend field life for decades to come. Adjustment in the UK, we’re in the final stages of our commissioning and start our preparations before initiating first oil, offshore rooftop is progressing as planned and four wells have been perforated under ready for first production. Jasmine has started of later in this quarter, which would provide good exit rate momentum going into 2014. At Curtis Island, we continue to progress our APLNG project, 311 is still on schedule for first LNG by mid-215 and critical milestones have been achieved on the project. We’ve got lot going on in Malaysia, we’re close to achieving major projects, stackups and two non-operated projects Gumusut and Siakap North-Petai. Gumusut offshore commissioning continues the 10 and final rise that was installed in early September and flow line installations are complete, they operate rest of them is the full fuel starts-up will be in early Q1, 2014. The Siakap North-Petai development is continuing hookup from pre-commissioning. Umbilical installations are complete and Flowline installation is underway and they operate rest of them is to start Umbilical right at the end of this year. Malaysia the Kapampangan development is also progressing, top side fabrication is running ahead of schedule and drilling commenced in August. The overall project remains on track for first production in the fourth quarter of 2014. So you can tell what are very exciting is critical time in many of our major products and they will be a key driver in our volume growth over the next few years. So now I want to briefly recover our exploration program on slide 12. Our exploration efforts continue on several fronts, we are building an inventory of both conventional and unconventional opportunities. We are drilling several non-operative prospects currently and we are advancing our operating prospects to the drill-ready stage. We currently have three conventional prospects drilling in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico program. We have an interest in the Gila and Deep Nansen wildcat prospects. In addition, we have interest in the Tiber appraisal well. So we are participating in some big important lower tertiary wells. We are also currently progressing our plans for our operating drilling program in the Gulf for 2014. And the Browse Basin of Australia, we have drilled a Proteus-1 discovery during the recent quarter. This was an untested structure to the Southeast of the Poseidon discovery. In Indonesia, we obtained government approval for the Palangkaraya farm-in agreement, onshore Kalimantan. This creates the way to begin drilling next year. In Malaysia, we completed our seismic activity in block SB-311. In the Kwanza Basin in Angola, we completed our 3D seismic program earlier in the year. We identified and ranked several prospects and expect to be drilling nearby mid next year. And we’re just discussing several unconventional plays, especially in North America. In the Permian Basin, we’re testing prospective zones across our leaseholds in the Delaware and Midland basins. In the Niobrara, we currently have one rig in the field executing an appraisal program. It’s too early to discuss results in the Permian and Niobrara, but we’re encouraged by the preliminary results. In Canada, we continue to drill and appraise that differently in Montney plays and we’re also gearing up for our second season of winter drilling in the Mackenzie Valley Canal play. It sounds a pretty quick overview of our operations in exploration activity and the key takeaways of these, the operations are running well. The development programs are delivering. Stocked up of several growth projects are underway or eminent and we’ve got high level of exploration activity. If you turn to Slide 13, I’ll quickly cover all this, all adds up to our production outlook for this year. The table in the bottom of the slide provides actual volumes for the first three quarters of the year and our expected range for the fourth quarter. The data is provided for both continuing and discontinued operations. Our overall volume guidance for the year is unchanged except in the fourth quarter, we’re now removing 50,000 BOE from Libya as a result of the ongoing disruptions there. What’s important to know is that the fourth volumes are expected to ramp up from the third quarter due to lower turnaround activity, ramp up in our unconventional programs and the major projects startups. The range in fourth quarter volumes reflects statistical variability in major projects startup timing. We’ll announce our 2014 production target with a capital release in December. In the meantime, we’re positioned to deliver such strong activity in 2013 and now provide strong momentum towards achieving our organic growth goals next year. Now please turn to Slide 14 for our summary comments. Operationally, we’ve arrived at very important inflection point for the Company. We have several key milestones to achieve this quarter and we should have volume growth momentum out of 2013. So in 2014, you should expect to see increased production from our major projects at Ekofisk South, Jasmine, Britannia long-term compression, Gumusut, Siakap North-Petai, Kebabangan, Christina Lake Phase E, Foster Creek Phase F and Lower 48 unconventional programs at Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian. All these projects have contributed to 3% to 5% production growth as we detailed in our analyst meeting earlier in the year. And as always, we expect to deliver our operational performance safely and efficiently. We’re committing to maintaining a strong balance sheet that can provide financial flexibility. We’re seeing the early stages of cash margin expansion, which should improve as our volumes grow. We’re focused on improving the tons and that’s a driver behind continuing to rebalance our portfolio and allocate capital prudently. We’re delivering on our value proposition. We continue to progress on our earnings asset divestitures and this will provide a financial flexibilities to fund our investment programs and our dividend, which remains a top priority; so I hope Jeff and I have given you confidence that our plans are on track for delivering key milestones this year, and positioning ConocoPhillips for an exciting 2014. And now we’re pleased to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And our first question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Hi, good afternoon and congrats on the delivery so far this year against your plan.
Matt Fox: Thank you.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: I guess in the slides Jeff you’ve outlined $6 billion of incremental cash flow from the production growth between sort of 2013 and 2017 in a flat macro type, which is going to obviously increase your financial flexibility of the top line. But I’ve got a question on CapEx, you’re still investing in – and you’re still investing in some LNG. Is there a year as you look out in the sort of the CapEx profile where as you sort of finalize some of those longer lived assets, you got a bit more flexibility in terms of how you could allocate sort of CapEx in the Upstream business?
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, that’s certainly going to be the case Ed, and really we’ll detail this more in December like we indicated on our early in the call as far as 2014 capital will be. But the effect we’re pointing out is probably going to be fairly pronounced in 2014, where APLNG capital will hit a peak, Surmont 2 capital will hit a peak and we will be continuing to fund the expansions in the new oil sands of Foster Creek and Christina Lake. And as we go through time will see some of those projects tail off and which will give us more flexibility to handle increase flows stemmed from the unconventionals?
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Great. And then in terms of obviously the longer we go through time and with Kashagan receipts in and the balance sheet looking a little bit more robust and clearly oil price hasn’t collapsed in anyway; I mean what are your thoughts about maybe re-instituting a buyback program? 
Jeff Sheets: Right. So at the end of this year assuming we continue to progress the rest of our asset sales program. We’re going to have significant cash balances. At the end of the year, we could be approaching nearly $10 billion – in that neighborhood of $10 billion of cash in our balance sheet. As we think through 2014 and 2015, we’re going to be increasing our cash flow, but still at the point where cash from operations is not going to completely cover capital and dividends. In terms of a buyback, I think that is something we’re going to be thinking more about as we get to the point where cash from operations, funds capital and dividends on a go forward basis. Near-term I think we feel like it is important to maintain a significant level of financial flexibility to adequately invest in our capital program and fund our dividend.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thanks so much, Jeff.
Jeff Sheets: Thanks Ed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Congratulations on your results everybody.
Jeff Sheets: Thanks Doug.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: U.S. production growth has obviously been a major success story for the company and I think out by another 40% this quarter from Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian, yet it seems like the potential from the Eagle Ford continues to improve as more as known about the Company’s position. So my first question is whether Matt would agree, and second whether there will be any additional color on the position in Eagle Ford related activity, efficiency or financial performance that is stronger versus the original expectations, what has really changed here because it seems like you are much more enthusiastic on this position?
Matt Fox: Yeah Doug. We are still very excited and I would say getting more excited about Eagle Ford position and we continue to run a consistent program there, we are running 11 rigs. Our intention is essentially to continue that and we’ll continue to see production growth because of that. What we’ve indicated as we’ve got them remaining about 1800 well locations in the Eagle ford to drill and that’s all based on the assumption that we continue to drill the 80 acre spacing and we have pilot tests underway to determine if that is the right spacing that may ultimately tighten up and there will be more drilling locations. We are also looking other levels in the Eagle Ford and for potential too. So we are still very excited about the Eagle Ford position and then we’re going to see significant growth and very high margin growth from the Eagle Ford for several years to come.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Thanks Matt. And secondly in Alaska, it appears that passage of SB21 will impact activity in the state and because you guys are largest producers in acreage order seems that you’ll be the leading beneficiary. But at the same time your portfolio of how return opportunities is strong as it’s been in several years. So, the question is twofold.
 :
Matt Fox: Yes, so the first part is SB21, the that’s not probably more or less Alaska Production Act that was a significant change as a result of that we will spend more capital in Alaska. There are opportunities for investment – with the change to the fiscal regime competitive and our international portfolio. So we will be doing that. We’ve enhanced a few of those I mentioned few on the call. So we definitely see potential and you’re right we are very well positioned in Alaska to as the largest producer. On the ANs and sales and so we do have the flexibility if we want to exercise to take ANs cargos to Asia and we do have the right to do that. And that will depend on the differential that we’re seeing to Asian prices versus West Coast prices obviously. But it is good to have that flexibility and then as time evolves we will see if this flexibility we need to exercise.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Great. Thanks a lot everybody.
Matt Fox: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good afternoon everyone. I want to squall the analyst meeting party too much if I can just clarify that the page 13, volume guidance for the full year of 2013 in Q4 is consistent, I obviously seem it is with the Slide nine outlook that you have there on the high quality legacy base production. I’m basically trying to get to 2014, 2015 volume number for you guys.
Matt Fox: Yeah, as we had indicated in the beginning of the year Paul that we would be intending to exit the year essentially at the same level as we come into the year and so that growth you see on Slide nine and the exit that we’re moving towards in the fourth quarter here they’re both consistent. Now, there is the complication of exactly what’s going to happen in Libya I mean that’s 50,000 barrels a day of production, it’s not going anywhere and it is still going to be there to produce but it’s really uncertain as to how that will play out over the next several months. But yeah there is both internally consistent yes…
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: I would have thought there Libya thinking about the Slide 9 was seems to be flat. I mean was neither declining nor growing I guess?
Jeff Sheets: Yeah there was some slight growth actually coming in Libya as we increased our ability to process and sell gas there and the overall scheme of things that was 15,000, 16,000 barrels a day. And that of course is in the base on Slide nine. That’s grey base on the graphic in the top of top left hand side of Slide nine.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Again I don’t want to kind of spoil – talking too much at the analyst meeting. But I guess what I’m trying to push towards is this Slide nine outlook is broadly unchanged even allowing for Libya and can be considered to be your outlook for volumes basically.
Jeff Sheets: Just to be precise Paul the Slide nine outlook as Libya included in it Libya just really had to predict what’s...
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: In anyway you basically outperforming your expectations given that you’ve kept the same number but you’ve lost Libya basically, right?
Jeff Sheets:  Well we have lowered our fourth quarter numbers to reflect the assumption that Libya will just be off in the fourth quarter but we have not changed our go forward 2013 and beyond numbers and those all still include Libya.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Yeah I have got you. Not wanting to be – on page 13 the Libya numbers are just completely excluded from 4Q because I’m thinking continuing with this, it is not in either of those.
Matt Fox: For the full quarter that’s right. So we show them on that slide, we show them as a light blue color at the top just to give perspective or scale. But we’re assuming in the guidance that we’re giving now for the fourth quarter that Libya won’t come back, it may come back in the fourth quarter but we’re assuming for this guidance that it doesn’t.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: No I understand, yeah I do. And then again, from analyst meeting your previous guidance on CapEx going forward, I think was about $15.5 billion to $16 billion a year. Is that correct?
Matt Fox:  I think we’ve been seeing as around 16 as basically the guidance we gave at Analyst Day.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: That’s the last sort of forward guidance you gave to work on this annual around 16.
Matt Fox: Yeah. 
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: And then I guess just a follow up simply the old questions further to Doug, which is, why don’t you accelerate in the Eagle Ford. Thanks.
Matt Fox: Well the flexibility exist to do that in the Eagle Ford, we focused on a few different things here to establish with a optimum array of development is first thing as we want to make sure that we’re operating efficiently and safely so that that comes in as an important factor and we want to move towards Pad drilling and we want to make sure we don’t get in front of infrastructure constraints. And the Eagle Ford, we want to make sure that we are taking advantage of the learning curve because we’re continuing to see learning curve improvements and want to take advantage of that before we ramp up and we want to get results from the many pilot tests we are running in the Eagle Ford too. So we are making sure whether our investment in capital is efficiently as it can. And these opportunities are not going away so, so we want to – we think that our strategy is the right strategy for us in the Eagle Ford.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Hi, guys. Simple quick question hopefully. Jeff I was looking at your result in the Lower 48, it looked like your [indiscernible] sequentially from the second to the third quarter up by about 1.50 per barrel, is there any particular reason why there is such a big jump?
Jeff Sheets: I don’t know the details of that fall. Generally as we’re bringing on some of these unconventional production, our reserve bookings are still being down on a fairly conservative basis. So you’re finding fairly – you are finding higher DD&A rates on some of the unconventional properties and we will probably see longer term that’s probably the biggest single driver that’s going on there.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: I hear you but I mean from the first to the second quarter do you also see production increase but your unit DD&A is pretty flat, you are just there from the second to third then all of a sudden you jump by $1.50 so that seems very high so maybe that if you can some one to get back to me. 
Jeff Sheets:  Yeah we will definitely get back on that detail, Paul. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  Okay. And in your – you indicate that on Alaska have a negative impact from the lifting I presume you have underneath. Can you quantify how big is that? 
Jeff Sheets: The lift timing in general for this quarter were not big factors. So, we didn’t highlight them in the earnings release, the second quarter of Alaska had a favorable impact and the third quarter was relatively small I believe negative impact it was in order of $10 million to $15 million in Alaska where the positive impact in the second quarter I know we mentioned that on our second quarter call that was a much larger number. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  And then the company as a whole doesn’t have a lot because when I’m looking at your supplemental slide, you indicate that in the third quarter the total company had a overleap of 19,000 barrel per day. 
Jeff Sheets:  Yeah, that’s right Paul. So in general the overall company impact from timing was relatively small this quarter we had slight negatives in Alaska and some slight positives in other regions but none of them were large enough that we felt like it made since the highlight on this quarter. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  And then a final one on I think probably for Matt, Matt in Permian it look like that in the third quarter based on the data that you gave back in that will be about 54,000 barrel per day. Are those all conventional oil production or that some of them is actually already in the oil production? 
Matt Fox:  The vast majority is from the conventional production 4,000 or 5,000 barrels a day production from the unconventional just now in the Permian really in the exploration and appraisal phase in the unconventionals. So the vast majority is from our conventional program. And that program is doing great that’s a very high return programs of lots of running room there.  So in the unconventional we’re continuing to evaluate the position that we have and we’re feeling good about that too. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  Matt if you’re looking out over the next two or three years and – Permian between unconventional and conventional component. What is the growth projection that you expect for both sides? 
Matt Fox:  So we’re going to see growth in both the rate of growth obviously in the unconventionals will be a lot faster because we are starting from a lower base. But we’re going to see significant growth over the next five years on both the conventional and the unconventional and… 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  Any number you can share say are we talking about over the next five years on the conventional side going by say 50,000 barrel per day; unconventional side going by say 30,000 barrel per day or any kind of number you can share? 
Matt Fox:  Well actually we gave an indication of this, our expectations on the analyst day. So if you go back to the analyst day presentation we had a specific slide on the expectations for growth in the conventionals and the unconventionals in the Permian. So and our view hasn’t changed since then. And we’ll update our view of that in our next analyst day in April. That’s a good go back from that Paul. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets:  Yeah. Thanks. Since, we are sort of on this unconventional conversation with the Permian I just want to dive in a little bit more on that I mean when do you all think you will feel more comfortable with looking at plays like the Niobrara in the Permian or any of these other unconventional plays you’re testing today to actually get to the decision to put more capital and get somewhat of a development program going. Is that something that is a more of a later 2015 event or could we see that sooner than that
Matt Fox: So for the Niobrara for example with the one rig running there, we feel 11 wells with the 51 production. And we’re very well – I think very well through appraisal program. This is going to run through the end of the 2014. And the end of 2014, we really know the scale and the scope of our Niobrara development and that’s when we’ll make the development decision where the characteristics of that will be. The same really applies in the Permian as well. We’ll go through our test in our portfolio there. Making sure that we understand which of the different perspective horizons, the Avalon, the Bone Springs, the various Wolfcamp horizons are for the right – the potential and the right place to start that development. So let’s see that’s probably on about the same timeline by the end of 2014 we’ll have a really good sense of that’s going to develop and in both of those we’ll give some more guidance in the analyst meet in April.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And are your acreage positions in like each of those places specifically, large enough for the – probably the size of Conoco?
Matt Fox: I would say so. And I think that we have got 130,000 acres in the Niobrara, and we’ve got about 150,000 acres in the Delaware Basin and about 90,000 acres in the Midland Basin and with multiple horizons that exist in those plays, yes, it’s a pretty significant position even for a company of our size.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then one last question, on the concept of Alaska LNG project, APLNG as you all call it. Can you give me a little more thoughts on what the views in terms of getting a project, when could we expect to see those ought potentially pushing forward that and how that kind of reflects other projects coming on in the global market?
Matt Fox: Okay so the status of APLNG is that we’ve selected a concept and spoke about that as you might remember Scott spoke about that maybe on the last call. The concept we’ve selected. We’ve announced in this quarter of the site location that we’re favoring for the location of the LNG plant in the Kinai area and so Central Alaska. We’re moving towards the stage of getting into Prescott fleet so the early stages of engineering and we’re in conversations with the co-venturers and with the state of Alaska on the timing of that. We did quite an extensive summer field work season on the pipeline, but this is premature to put in a timeline as to claim first production would be because there is a – there is a lot of a water to flow under the bridge. But we’re focused on it, we and the co-venturers and state the focus on that making sure that we fully understand the viability of that project.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: So maybe ask the question in a different way than to make this viable. What kind of size of this project needs to be for you guys?
Matt Fox: It’s going to be a very large scale project because in each of the resource base there. And we think this could be a competitive project with other sources of supply otherwise we wouldn’t be pursuing it. So it’s going to be of pricing of scale I mean it is somewhere between $45 billion and $60 billion of capital. It’s what we expect it is going to cost.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good afternoon everybody. I have a couple if I may. Jeff on the deferred tax with the start up of Norway and obviously I’m not quite sure how other major projects are going to be treated like this, but can you give us some ideas to whether or not you will have a touch you’re building as some of these major projects come on stream.
Matt Fox: I am not sure I understand your question, just let me try and answer if that’s not what you are asking.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Let me try and help a little bit so Ekofisk in Norway you get to uplift your capital if you’ve spent on the development. So I’m curious just to know are you going to be paying cash taxes on some of these which are the projects and Norway in particular I guess and will you see an uptick in your deferred tax line I am just thinking about the cash flow as we move forward.
Matt Fox: Yeah, there is lot of moving pieces on deferred taxes. And if you think about how things are treated tax wise around the world. Norway you get a relatively quick recovery of your capital. In the UK, you get a very quick recovery of capital. In the Lower 48 we are spending a quite a bit of capital to the extent you have IDCs we get a quick recovery of capital there as well. So what you’ll see in this year and what you’ll see probably on into next year. And then it gets harder to model as you go into subsequent years, is that the deferred taxes in general you can think of has been a source of cash for us on the cash flow statement. So far this year it’s been about a $1 billion source of cash, whether keeps running at exactly the rate we have seen for the last few quarters it’s hard to predict but it’s going to certainly, it’s going to be a positive number. So you could consider that a source of cash for both 2013 and 2014.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. And as a signal, I am sure you are aware of this, but – your pure play E&P peers gets some guidance on how much is expected to be – something you might consider which should be – would be really helpful if you would. A couple of quick follow ups please. I guess is related to some of the questions of how to raise that the Eagle Ford, I would like to turn it to the Bakken place. Number of your peers have talked abtour resetting your development plans based on Q4 success and down spacing success. I am just curious about the new acreage of – going on. I am just curious as that how you’re thinking about that going forward?
Jeff Sheets: Thanks. As I am sure you aware of this but what your pure play E&P peers give some guidance on how much is expected to be current and deferred on all times something you might consider it would be very helpful if you would. A couple of quick follow ups please I guess this is related to some of the questions at -- but the Eagle Ford I would like to turn to the Bakken please Matt numbers of your peers have talked about resetting their development plans based on Three Fork success and down spacing success. I am just curious about I mean your acreage is right in the heart of where all of that stuff going on. I am just curious as that how you are thinking about that going forward?
Matt Fox: Yeah that we are thinking about that Doug and we’ve got some pilot test underway. Right now we are developing on a cost effectively 320 acres space and we’re developing both the Middle Bakken and the Three Forks it’s quite possible that we ultimately will want to tighten up that space. And so we have pilot test underway to try and give us a good sense of possibly optimum spacing and what level of communication exist between the Middle Bakken and the Three Forks that for the frac that we have delivered doing just now. So yeah, we are pursuing the potential for down spacing in the Bakken.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Normal price increase the rig count any time soon?
Matt Fox: No I don’t think so my comments on that are sort of very similar to the Eagle Ford. I think we’re running 11 rigs in the Bakken and I think that that’s the right level for now. But one of the beauties of these unconventional plays is that you do have flexibility and it is just a question of making sure that we’re exercising that flexibility at the right time and moving over the right information.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks and just one final one if I can just squeeze it in. Jeff I don’t want to like – I am try and front on the Analyst Day, but I just want to pick up in your comments about APLNG and CapEx peaking. I just wanted to be clear were you talking specifically about 2014, should we be, directionally can you give us any kind of feel is the how the spending should go 2014 over 2013 and 2015 over 2014? I’ll leave it that, thank you.
Matt Fox: I think we would, it’s going to be a fairly short period of time from now where we can talk a lot more precisely about that with you know. We’re in the middle of wrapping up our capital outlook for next. And as Ellen mentioned at the top of the call, we’ll be back to you with that in fairly early December.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Faisel Khan of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Hi, thank you. Good afternoon.
Jeff Sheets: Hi, Faisel.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Hi. Just looking at the project startups you guys have Ekofisk, Eldfisk, Gumusut, Jasmine. I mean what’s the I’m looking at your at that I think its page seven sort of cash margin per barrel. What do you say that these projects collectively sort of have in terms of the cash margins per barrel? I’m just trying to get a sense of sort of what the margin uplift is going to be. I know you guys talk about it but these are three or four big projects that could have a material impact to cash flows?
Jeff Sheets: Generally what we’ve looked at; when we think about everything that we’re adding to our portfolio over kind of between now and 2017 that kind of mix has generally low 40s kind of cash margin to it. And it is when you mix that kind of cash margin with what’s really a high-20s is kind of cash market for us right now that you get that kind of growth. I think our views on this really aren’t any different than what we had in the analyst presentation where we actually, if you recall we had a chart there that kind of plotted cash margins and production growth and it kind of pointed to kind of that same what I just said kind of low-40s type number overall. Some things like Malaysia where you get capital recovery for the terms of the TSC in the early parts of the year, you end with some even higher than cash margins as you are giving capital recovery.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Okay. And in terms of Eldfisk and Ekofisk those in that same $40 sort of ballpark numbers?
Matt Fox: They’re probably a little bit, they’re probably a bit lower than that because of where the taxes are in Norway, they’re probably a little bit, they’re more in the 30s than they are in the 40s.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Okay, okay understood. And then just in terms of the Eagle Ford, can you give us some little more color on a well cost and I know those numbers have been trending down for you in the last quarter. But can you let us know kind of where you are today and how we can compare that to rest of the periods in the industry?
Matt Fox: We’re continuing to see improvements Faisel across the boards and our drilling cost in particular. We have recently increased the size of our frac jobs, starting in September we’ve increased the size of our frac job significantly so completion cost are going up, but for good reason. And what will do the analyst day as we will give you a good breakdown of how that learning curve is being preceding and the overall cost at that time?
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Okay, okay fair enough. And then in terms of APLNG just any update on labor productivity and how that’s trending with both the downstream build out and also any updates on the upstream, any upstream issues or things to note on it, any changes from last time when the cost sort of built up a little bit because of the upstream sort of part of the business?
Matt Fox: No. The project is going well, we are about 50% complete on the upstream part of the project, about 54% complete on the downstream. And we’re tracking really against the milestones that we have outlined for both the downstream and the upstream project and we’re very focused now on getting ready for first production. So we’re staffing up our operating and staff for that but obviously the project is going well again and April will give an update on the status of that but the projects on track and we are pretty happy with where things are going there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Herrlin of Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: Yeah, hi, John is on for Matt on the unconventionals not to be the dead horse we know you have the in fill potential with the Eagle Ford and the Bakken . In the past you’ve talked about thinking of in terms of field kind of plateau levels would you rather extend the plateau or increase the rate for the given intervals you expect to peak production or place like the Bakken and the Eagle Ford or is that still to be determined?
Matt Fox: So the answer is sort of easy both and I would like to increase the plateau size and increase the duration and the opportunity said they exist in our Eagle Ford , Permian and Bakken acreages just going to give us the opportunity to do that. And that is another thing that we’re going to get more guidance on but it potentially exists to do both in those plays.
John Herrlin – SG Securities: Okay. That’s fair. With some of the newer plays that are kind of in the germinal stages, do you have any acreage retention issues like in the Permian and Niobrara?
Matt Fox: No acreage retention issues that we are not able to manage. So we are not going to run in to any issues of losing acreage that we think is prospective, that’s one of the thing, the end points, that is how we organize our drilling schedule in these plays.
John Herrlin – SG Securities: Okay. That’s fair. In Canada with plays like the Duvernay, some of your peers have had pretty high costs and I know it’s early days are the costs more prohibitive in terms of getting more aggressive up in Canada for unconventionals at the U.S.?
Matt Fox: Yeah no I wouldn’t say, no. I mean in fact our development drilling programs and explorations programs in Canada have been reducing costs that they have we actually seen capital efficiency there so and I wouldn’t say that we are seeing that sort of pressure at all in the Duvernay or Montney while the other plays are pursuing up there..
John Herrlin – SG Securities: Okay. Last one from me as more oriented towards Jeff I guess. You’ve made some very large chunky asset sales and in the future should we see more smaller type byte size sales rather than large turnkey assets.
Jeff Sheets: I think portfolio of our size you probably expect there’ll always be a little bit of assets sales that are happening that could be smaller assets sales I think that it’s still out there that we talked about on previous calls as whether we choose to do something to do lower our concentration in oil sands and that could be just because of the nature of how large of an asset that is for us even a relatively small change and that could be a fairly significant number. But other than I think the larger asset sales are behind us now and you will see things these be smaller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Reid of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: Good afternoon.
Matt Fox: Hello Roger.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: I guess but kind of melding the Eagle Ford question with the cash flow questions. I would imagine where you are on your drilling compared to some other companies your not cash flow positive in the Eagle Ford if that’s correct I’d appreciate the correction but maybe a timing on when you could be free cash positive?
Matt Fox: So we are today.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: You are free cash flow positive today.
Matt Fox: Yeah, we’re right above free cash flow positive today.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: Okay and all right. So that’s question one the other one was, as we look at the decline rate that you’ve highlighted on one of the early charts. I think I calculated at about 13% roughly 186, I think it was 1000 barrels a day of decline. What as you go forward and add some of the big projects that you’re adding, some of the ones obviously that you started up are pretty traditional, but thinking maybe more like APLNG and so forth, do we get a slower decline rate going forward and is that part of the production growth uptick we would expect to see kind of let’s say exit rate for 2014 into 2016.
Matt Fox:  So our overall decline rate in our base production is about 10% in a year and over the next five years. And then as the production mix changes over those years for example we drill an oil sands and we add APLNG and then the base decline that would tend to mitigate the underlying base decline. In the other hand we are also growing there by drilling unconventional which on the higher end overall decline so our expectation is that 10% underlying base decline rate is probably good buying for the next five years.
Roger Reid – Wells Fargo: Okay, well that was a two things, I wanted to hear. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Matt Fox:  Thank you. 
Ellen R. DeSanctis:  Thank you, Roger.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kate Minyard of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan: Hi, good afternoon everyone.
Matt Fox:  Hi Kate. 
Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan: Hi, I was wondering, I would like to go back to the ANs question or the ANs topic if I could, you talked about having the option to send ANs volumes over to Asia. Is that just an option that there is a one that you really diligently explored and I guess if I ask it another way, if you look out two years, how likely do you think it is that Alaskan volumes are leaving the U.S. versus remaining domestic?
Jeff Sheets:  So what would cause us to really focus on that as an option is if we saw ANs gas traded some significant ANs oil excuse me traded some significant discount, brent prices which we saw for a short period of time back when WTI brent spreads were very wide and those of course have collapsed quite a bit. Now ANs is back to trading pretty much flat with brent prices. It’s an option that we know it’s out there I can’t say that we’ve thoroughly investigating or are trying to make it happen, we know that we could if that were the case whether or not it happens in the next couple of years it will depend a lot on where ANs pricing sits relative to other periods.
Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan: And have you guys looked at what the shipping differential is between Asia and the West Coast for ANs or have not gotten to that point yet?
Jeff Sheets:  Well I think you will have to see that ANs pricing was probably $5 or so below Brent pricing for it to make sense for us to be thinking of doing that.
Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Ellen R. DeSanctis:  Thanks Kate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brandon Mei of Tudor Pickering Holt. Please go ahead.
Brandon Mei – Tudor Pickering Holt: Thanks. Two questions for me. First one is on I just want to get your thoughts on pricing in Canada moving forward here in the next year or so.
Matt Fox: Okay I mean it’s hard to tell. I mean this is going to remain regulatory, I mean weak and maybe Brandon that your assessment is as good as our assessment.
Brandon Mei – Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay. And the second question is on the Venezuela ruling What are the next steps in that process and then how should we think about the timing in the amount of the award, because I think at the amount of time of expropriation the PV10 was around $10 billion.
Jeff Sheets:  Yeah, I don’t think we can comment on any expectations of amount but just as far as process goes we have the initial award which sets out some of the parameters upon which the award is going to be, which the financial award is going to be calculated, we now move – are moving into the more detailed assessment of what exactly what that award is and that’s going to be a process that will take a couple of years to evolve and that’s just something what we are going to continue to update as we can, but it’s a process that we continue to work through. 
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil, Inc.: Folks I had pumped in late in the call. I’ll just limit it to one question. I was just curious where you think we are in the life cycle of a developing technology to economically develop the lower tertiary. I guess when I look at your portfolio, you’ve got several discoveries, you’re drilling the appraisal well at Tiber and talking with peers, such as BP, developing 20K and what not. Is it like the technology isn’t quite there just yet, what kind of confidence do you have that we’re going to get there and when do you think we can reasonably expect our production from the play? Thanks. 
Ryan Lance: So as I’m sure you know Blake that the not all of the Lower Tertiary is at the same pressure and then the same depth. But you’re right that the several paths of the Lower Tertiary are going to require a 20K trees. And that development of those trees is underway and that will come over the next over the next few years. From where – discovery so far, I don’t expect we’ll see production from the Lower Tertiary discoveries and hitting us until the late part of this decade, but the development market this required to make sure that we have the technology in place. But that’s all in hand, then it’s – I mean the development in 20K trees isn’t like the man on the moon, we know how the trees work is a question of just making sure that we’ve built them and getting them certified that we are confident on their deployment, but we will certainly get that done.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ellen DeSanctis:  Thanks Blake.
Operator: Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis:  Back to you operator, we’ll wrap up the call here.
Operator: Okay. We have no further questions. I will now turn it back to Ellen DeSanctis.
Ellen DeSanctis: I have no further comments either. Just appreciate all your time and attention. You’re welcome to call us for any follow-ups and again, thanks for your participation, and enjoy the rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ellen R. DeSanctis – Vice President-Investor Relations and Communications Ryan Michael Lance – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey W. Sheets – Executive Vice President- Finance and Chief Financial Officer Matthew J. Fox – Executive Vice President-Exploration and Production Janet Langford Kelly – Senior Vice President-Legal, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary 
Analysts: Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc. John P. Herrlin Jr. – Societe Generale Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets LLC Ed G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc. Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan  
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2013 ConocoPhillips' Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sheri, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, the Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. Ellen, you may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis: Thank you so much, Sherry and of course thank you to our listeners for joining this second quarter earnings call. I’m joined in the room today by Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and CFO; and Matt Fox, our EVP of Exploration and Production. It’s a very busy day for earnings activity. I know all of you are pressed for time. So we’re going to jump right into the material today really quickly before we get started. If you would please turn to Page 2 you will see our Safe Harbor statement. That of course described the risks and uncertainties in our future performance. Those are also described in our periodic filings with the SEC. I’m going to turn the call over to Ryan now.
Ryan Michael Lance: Thank you, Ellen, and good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us today. Well, it’s been just over a year since we launched the independent ConocoPhillips as a new class of investment. We’ve laid out a plan that would deliver growth and volumes and margins with a compelling yield. I think as you’re all hear and see today the key pieces of our strategy are falling into place. For the second quarter in a row, organic volumes net of dispositions and planned downtime are growing. Margins are improving. We’re maintaining our commitment to a compelling dividend reflecting our confidence in our plans and our financial position remained strong. So the theme of today’s call is pretty simple. We are successfully executing on our business plan. We’re doing what we said we would do. We continue to keep our eye on the ball and the top priority for of all of us at ConocoPhillips is to operate safely and execute our plans and programs. So let’s get started on Slide 4. Operationally our business performed very well this quarter. We produced 1.552 million BOE per day on a total company basis and 1.51 million BOE per day on a continuing operations basis. Adjusted for dispositions and planned downtime, this represents 4% organic growth compared to a year ago. Last quarter we grew 2% on the same basis. So the organic growth is showing up in our performance. This quarter’s volume performance exceeded the high end of our guidance range and this is primarily due to two things; better than expected performance at Eagle Ford in our Europe and Asia Pacific regions and our seasonal maintenance and planned downtime was executed ahead of plan. Based on this quarter’s stronger than expected volume performance we’re raising our third quarter and full year volume guidance, which Matt will cover in more detail. As you know, the second quarter was a very active period for planned maintenance and we successfully executed key turnarounds. That’s essential to projecting our base assets. In addition, our development activities also have performed well this quarter. And remember, these are lower risk programs with years of inventory that completely mitigate our base decline. Of these, the Eagle Ford stood out in the second quarter. Production averaged more than 120,000 BOE per day, almost double last year’s second quarter rate and up 20% sequentially. Our major growth projects are also on track. These are projects that will generate step-function growth during the next several quarters and years and we have several near-term startups that Matt will also describe in detail. So operationally, we are hitting the milestones we set for ourselves. Now moving to the financial results, adjusted earnings were about $1.8 billion or $1.41 per diluted share. Adjusted earnings were up 17% year-over-year. Excluding working capital, we generated $4.4 billion in cash from continuing operations and ended the quarter with $4 billion of cash in short-term investments. On a year-to-date basis, our cash from continuing operations plus our proceeds from asset sales have covered our dividend and capital programs. Cash margins grew compared to last year’s second quarter, reflecting the impact of product mix, prices and location and strategically this is one of the keys to achieving our value proposition is high-grading our portfolio by selling non-strategic assets and redeploying those proceeds into organic investments that will drive future growth and we’re making good progress on our announced divestiture program. Since the beginning of this year, we’ve received approximately $1.7 billion in proceeds from asset sales and we expect to close Algeria, Nigeria and Kashagan by year-end. These would add approximately $9 billion of additional proceeds in 2013. As we previously discussed, our portfolio efforts will now shift to improving and rebalancing the asset base. We’ll take opportunities to divest the smaller non-strategic assets such as southwest Louisiana conventional assets that we sold in the second quarter. And we’ll also look for ways to rebalance our interest and assets like the oil sands. These are great assets, but one where we believe we’re bit overweighted in our portfolio today. At the same time, we’re monetizing assets. We’re also adding to our conventional and unconventional exploration inventory globally and we’re running this program at a high level of activity. Exploration success like we’ve recently seen at Coronado and Shenandoah is key to sustain any organic growth longer terms. Despite this high level of activity, our 2013 capital outlook is relatively unchanged. We expect to spend about $15.9 billion on continuing operations and $600 million in discontinued operations. That’s a total of $16.5 billion which is an increase of about 4% compared to our announced total company budget. Of this 4% increase, about half reflects our updated expectations around completing the sales of Algeria, Nigeria and Kashagan. So this is capital that will come back to us as adjustments at closing. The remainder of the increase are about 2%, reflects various adjustments across our asset base including high quality additions to our exploration portfolio. Finally, we remain committed to returning capital to our shareholders. Right after the quarter ended, we increased our dividend by 4.5%, reflecting confidence in our growth plans and we have remained committed to consistent dividend increases over time. So in summary, we have a strong quarter operationally, financially and strategically. So next you’ll hear from Jeff and Matt who will give you all the details. So if you please turn to Slide 5 and let Jeff begin his comments on our financial performance.
Jeffrey W. Sheets: Thank you, Ryan. This quarter’s adjusted earnings were $1.75 billion or $1.41 per diluted share. This was above consensus, driven primarily by the higher than expected volumes that Ryan just mentioned. Second quarter adjusted earnings were up 17% compared to last year’s second quarter and on an earnings per share basis, adjusted earnings were up 19%, reflecting the impact of our 2012 share repurchases. The year-over-year increase in adjusted earnings was primarily driven by higher margins. The higher margins reflect the continued shift to higher-value liquids in the portfolio as well as the shift to more favorable fiscal machines. Average realized prices were flat and total company volumes were up modestly. Now I’ll cover our production performance for the quarter. So if you’ll turn to Slide 6. Total company production in the second quarter was 1.552 million BOE per day. These results included 42,000 BOE per day from discontinued operations. This chart shows the change in both continuing and discontinued operations compared to the second quarter 2012, but I’ll focus on the continuing operations. Second quarter 2012 production from continuing operations was 1.48 9 million BOE per day. Adjusting for dispositions of 33,000 BOE per day, normalized production from continuing operations was 1.456 million BOE per day in last year’s second quarter and that’s the middle blue bar on the chart. During the second quarter of 2013, planned downtime was 10,000 BOE per day higher than last year’s second quarter, which was mostly due to downtime in the North Sea. Growth of 219,000 Boe per day more than offset decline of 155,000 Boe per day. So normalized for 2012 dispositions and planned downtime, our production from continuing operations increased by 64,000 Boe per day, which I will explain more in the next slide. Year-over-year this represents a 4% organic growth and the second consecutive quarter on this upward trend. So let me take a moment and talk about cash margin trends on slide 7 and 8, starting with contributions from our production growth. So this chart on slide 7 is a new one, it shows how our second quarter growth and changing mix drove cash margin improvement compared to last year. As I just mentioned, volumes from our continuing operations were up 64,000 Boe per day year-over-year, adjusted for dispositions and planned downtime. This chart shows the change in this quarters volumes by segment and product compared to last year’s second quarter.
 : Normal fuel declines in Alaska, Europe and North America natural gas somewhat offset the growth. The impact of the shift on our cash margins can be seen on the next slide, slide 8. This slide shows sequential and year-over-year cash margins both on a reported basis and a price normalized basis. As you can see on the chart on the left cash margins grew on a reported basis, despite flat overall realized prices compared to the last year’s second quarter. In terms of prices we generally saw North America natural gas prices being offset by decreases in Brent crude prices. So the chart on the left reflects the impact of product mix, prices in location, and you can see this from the chart the cash margins grew both sequentially and year-over-year. But the right side of this chart shows, this is an estimate of what our cash margins would have been, if we had the same pricing in all quarters and we have used the second quarter of 2012 at the baselines, that’s pricing $93 at WTI, $108 Brent, and $2.20 Henry Hub. You can see that on this price normalized basis, the cash margins grew significantly year-over-year and also grew sequentially. So this metric will tend to be volatile on a quarter-by-quarter basis. However, we expect this trend to continue as we shift our production towards higher value products in places with more favorable fiscal terms. We will continue to periodically track and report this metric as growing both production and margins is a key aspect of our value proposition. So now I will turn to the segment slide, beginning with Lower 48 on slide 9. Production in this segment was 491,000 BOE per day, that’s up 11% compared to last year’s second quarter and up 3% sequentially. We saw this improvement despite the sale of the Cedar Creek Anticline assets in the first quarter of 2013. Total liquids production in the segment increased 20% compared to the same period a year ago and now represents 48% of the total mix for the segment and we expect our liquids percentage to continue to grow. During the quarter, combined production from the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian Basin averaged 203,000 BOE per day and that’s up 47% from a year ago. These assets made up less than 9% of our total company production a year ago and today these assets comprise 13% of our total company production and we expect they will continue to grow. Segment adjusted earnings this quarter generally reflects higher realized prices compared to the same period a year-ago, but they also include the foreign dry hole costs and leasehold impairment of approximately $70 million after-tax. Excluding that charge, segment adjusted earnings would have been almost $250 million as you can see the leverage and earnings due to the growth and the shift to liquids. Now, let’s cover the Canada segment on Slide 10. Production in this segment is $271,000 BOE per day, roughly flat compared to last year’s second quarter. Liquids grew 12% year-over-year while gas production declined 9%. The shift has increased segment margins, which continue to improve margins overtime. Production was impacted in the second quarter by 9,000 BOE per day as a result of planned downtime at Christina Lake. Canada’s adjusted earnings of $5 million this quarter reflects stronger product pricing compared to last year and sequentially. And as a reminder, the WCS prices in our supplemental information represents one month lag, which better reflects our pricing for Bitumen. Now, let’s move to the Alaska segment on Slide 11. Production in Alaska was 197,000 BOE per day, this quarter, this was down sequentially due to planned downtime at Kuparuk and Prudhoe and normal field decline. But despite lower sequential volumes, adjusted earnings were $585 million this quarter, which is up compared to last quarter. Differences between the timing of production and sales explain much of the variance; the first quarter of this year included an adverse impact earnings of approximately $50 million from these lift timing impacts while this quarter included the benefit of about $25 million, a positive swing of $75 million. We continue to analyze the impact to our business related to the recent passage of Senate Bill 21 and we expect to pursue additional opportunities for investment over time. I'll turn now to Slide 12 and talk about our Asia-Pacific and Middle East segment. Production in this segment was 324,000 BOE per day during the second quarter, up 20% compared to year ago and up 2% sequentially. Key drivers of year-over-year performance were the resumption of normal production and growth at Bohai Bay, growth at the Panyu project in China, and early production from Gumusut in Malaysia, which started late last year. Adjusted earnings this quarter were unfavorably impacted by weaker prices and impacts from lift timing are minimal this quarter. Europe, the next segment is found on Slide 13. Production for the Europe segment was 173,000 BOE per day during the quarter, a decrease of 34,000 BOE per day sequentially. This was driven by significant downtime in Greater Ekofisk area in Norway and the J-Area in the UK. Compared to a year ago lower production is driven by higher planned and unplanned downtime, normal field declines, and dispositions. Second quarter adjusted earnings for the segment were $261 million, and segment performance should improve when major projects startup occur in the UK and Norway. Before I wrap up, the financial section of today's call, with the discussion of cash flow, let me provide an update on our corporate segment. Our corporate segment adjusted earnings were negative $164 million in the quarter. We are updating our annual guidance for this segment to be $750 million after-tax, that's an $150 million improvement compared to our prior guidance. Additional information for the corporate segment and the other international segments are included in the supplemental information that we provided with the earnings release. We turn to Slide 14, I'll cover our year-to-date company cash flow waterfall. Through the first half of 2013 we’ve generated $8 billion in cash from continuing operations excluding working capital. Through June working capital was a better wash for the year. Year-to-date we’ve generated $1.7 billion in proceeds from dispositions primarily from the sale of the Cedar Creek Anticline assets and partial working interest in the Browse and Canning Basin. So far we’ve funded $7.5 billion capital program for continuing operations and paid out $1.6 billion in dividends. Note that cash flow from operations and proceeds from dispositions have covered our dividend and capital program. The $1.3 billion in debt and other reflects the repayment of approximately $900 million of debt at maturity during the quarter, as well as capital associated with the discontinued operations. Now something to note, although we paid down $900 million in debt during the quarter, our debt balance was unchanged as we recorded $900 million capital lease obligation for the Gumusut Floating Production System. We have $4 billion in cash and short-term investments on hand, which is just slightly lower than where we started the year. So in summary, our balance sheet and financial position remains strong and we believe are well positioned to execute our investment programs and our value proposition for the company. I will now turn the call over to Matt for an update on operations beginning on Slide 15.
Matthew J. Fox:  Thank you, Jeff. As both Ryan and Jeff mentioned, the main theme of this quarter’s operational performance is that we are on plan just like last quarter. So I am going to cover the operations material by our capital categories beginning with our high-quality base assets. And as a reminder, our base assets refer to the assets that we’re producing at the end of last year. In June, the second quarter these base assets performed very well across all of our operations and with minimal unplanned downtime. So that means on average everything ran back better than expected because in our forecast we actually assume some unplanned downtime. We protect the operating integrality of our base assets through plant maintenance. As we discussed in the previous quarter call we have significant plant maintenance and tie-in scheduled for the second and third quarters of this year. And our operated assets (inaudible) minority the downtime of 30% higher than our five year historical average. The chart in the lower left shows the major planned events for 2013 and their duration. As you can see many projects commenced later in the second quarter and a couple of these are still underway and others are scheduled to start in the third and fourth quarters. And now a few highlights; in the North Sea turnarounds were successfully completed ahead of schedule at Ekofisk, Eldfisk in the J-Area. These activities included tie-ins for the major projects Ekofisk South, Eldfisk II and Jasmine. Turnarounds in the Lower 48 were successfully completed as well as the planned maintenance at Christina Lake. We have additional planned downtime scheduled during the third and fourth quarters in Alaska, the UK, Foster Creek and Qatar. So our base operations are running well and our turnarounds are on or ahead of schedule. Moving on to our development programs on page 16, these development programs consists of lower risk drilling lead activities around the world, that completely mitigate our base declines in generally higher margins and attractive returns. These programs remain on track to deliver about 600,000 Boe per day of production by 2017 as shown in the top left graphic. Our legacy conventional field development programs are on track. For example, in places like the Kuparuk field in Alaska, coiled tubing drilling sidetracks continued in the second quarter. In Western Canada, we continue to see good results from margin enhancing drilling programs and the liquids rich plays we are focusing on. Results across our Lower 48 development programs are very strong. They produce 491,000 BOE per day in the second quarter and a high level of drilling activity continues. A couple of highlights; Bakken produced an average of 30,000 boe per day, up 15% compared to the first quarter last year and up 3% sequentially. Heavy rains and flooding in the area impacted our second quarter activity, but we are getting back on track with 11 rigs running. The Eagle Ford exceeded our expectations in the second quarter. Production averaged 121,000 boe per day, almost double the same period last year and up 20% sequentially. During the second quarter, we brought on 65 operated wells including catching up on some of the well backlog we have. And we continue to believe that our Eagle Ford position is truly best-in-class. The charts on the lower left of this slide shows third-party data on our well performance compared to the top competitors in the fleet. We are one of the top producers overall and we are producing higher oil volumes per well; more than 50% higher than the competitor average, so clearly we’d identified the sweet spot when we established our position for only $300 an acre. We are currently running 11 rigs in the fleet. We are on track to complete the drilling Phase of acreage capture this year and we are transitioning to multi-well pad drilling for our more than 1900 remaining identified locations. Now I would like to discuss our major projects on slide 17. Our major projects remain on track to deliver about 400,000 boe per day of production by 217, as shown on the top left graph. Our oil sands assets are performing as planned. The combined oil sands properties averaged 100,000 BOE per day during the quarter, up 14% year-over-year. Currently, we have seven major oil sands projects in execution and these projects are progressing on schedule. Christina Lake Phase E started up in mid-July slightly ahead of schedule, and we should ramp to about 20,000 BOE per day net from Christina E within six to nine months. Our (inaudible) project is about 40% complete by the end of July and is on track to start up in the early 2015. In Alaska, our CD5 project is on track and we are progressing engineering work and additional satellite projects for sanction in 2014. The passage of SB21 in Alaska, we believe some of our Alaska projects and (inaudible) viable and we expect to invest more capital in Alaska over time. In Asia-Pacific and Middle East segment, our major projects are also on plan. Performance from our pioneer growth project is running ahead of expectations. We have 23 wells on line at the end of June, versus 19 planned. And these wells contributed about 7,000 BOE per day net and second quarter. In Malaysia, key load outs and less were achieved during the quarter. The floating production system from Gumusut is now in place, Siakap North-Petai project is on track, and we expect production from both projects to begin ramping up at year-end. At Curtis Island, module installations continue to APLNG during the second quarter. In June, we raised the width of our first tank, a big milestone for the project. We're still on schedule for first LNG in 2015. Activity at both the UK and the region sectors of the North Sea is very high. At Ekofisk, so we installed a new project topside facilities during the second quarter and the project is on track to achieve cost reduction by the end of 2013. Also during the quarter, we installed the jackets and bridges at Eldfisk II in preparation for first oil late next year. At Jasmine, key installations were completed in the second quarter and offshore hook-up and commissioning market is fully underway. Cost reduction from Jasmine is expected early in the fourth quarter. The graphic on the lower left shows the expected production start-ups during the third and fourth quarter of this year and as you can see the projects we have been talking about for a while are now coming to fruition and we have more projects scheduled to startup next year including Eldfisk II in the North Sea, Kakap in Malaysia, additional phases of the oil sands, Britannia long-term compression and (inaudible) project in Indonesia. So the delivery of new production from major projects will start later this year and continue through 2014 and beyond. Next I want to briefly cover our exploration programs starting in slide 18. Our exploration momentum continues on several fronts. We are building inventory of both conventional and unconventional opportunities. We are advancing several opportunities to the drill ready stage and we are currently drilling several operated and non-operated prospects. There is a very high level of activity in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico program. The lower (inaudible) is currently drilling. We have 30% interest in this well. During the quarter, we acquired 20% working interest in the (inaudible)` prospect and the six plus heal at JOE. This is a very large prospect that’s also currently drilling and should reach TV this quarter and we have additional 100% ConocoPhillips leases within the healer structure, so this is an important well for us. The Deep Nansen wildcat and Tiber appraisal wells are expected to spud this quarter and we have a 25% and 18% working interest in these wells respectively. In the Browse Basin of Australia we are currently drilling the Proteus wildcat on an untested structure to the Southeast of the Poseidon discovery and we expect to reach TD soon. We completed our sale of partial interest in the Browse and Canning Basin in June as well. Recall, this was part of a deal to gain access to potential shale opportunities in the Sichuan Basin in China. In Europe we were awarded one operatorship and three partnership licenses in Norway’s 22 licensing round in the Bering sea and this represents attractive future conventional inventory in a legacy area for the company and we expect to start testing our acreage in the Bering’s in 2014. In the Kwanza Basin in Angola, we completed our 2013 3D seismic acquisition program in early April. Also, we recently acquired an additional 20% working interest in Block 36 bringing our equity to 50%. We also have 30% interest in Block 37 and we’re still planning more to begin drilling early next year. In addition, we’ve completed a fireman to three offshore blocks in Senegal. These blocks provide attractive acreage to test the West African (inaudible) play and drilling on these blocks will start next year too. Globally we have activities under way in several unconventional plays. We expect to be drilling in Poland and Colombia by year-end. We also continue to drill on plays, the Duvernay and Montney plays in Canada and we continue to test plays in the Permian and Niobrara in the Lower 48. That was a pretty quick overview of our operations and exploration activity. The key takeaways are less. The operations are running well, the development programs are delivering, the startups of several growth projects are eminent and we’ve got level of exploration activity. I’ll wrap up my comments on Slide 19 with a quick review of our 2013 production outlook. As Ryan mentioned in his opening comments, we are raising our production outlook for 2013. This slide shows our actual 1Q and 2Q volumes and our forecast volumes for the rest of the year on both the continuing and discontinued operations basis. The bottom line, we are tightening our ranges in 3Q and 4Q and we are bringing up the midpoint of a full year range by about 20,000 BOE per day just over 1%. As you can see, we expect third quarter volumes to be lower than second quarter, driven again by significant turnaround in maintenance activities, in this case dominated by Alaska and the UK. Fourth quarter volume should ramp up from there as our planned downtime (inaudible) and our major projects ramped up and we should see a strong exit rate going into 2014. Now please come to Slide 20 for Ryan’s summary comments.
Ryan Michael Lance: Thank you, Matt. Well, we’re at the halfway mark for 2013, but more importantly we are in [the home stretch] of a multi-year effort to transform ConocoPhillips into a unique compelling independent E&P company. So let me also summarize the key takeaways from this call. Operationally, we are approaching a very significant inflection point for the company. We have several important milestones to achieve in the next two quarters and we should see good momentum coming out of 2013. We are building our inventory and delivering visible results from our conventional and unconventional exploration programs that will sustain our growth well into the future. Importantly, we expect to deliver our operational performance safely and efficiently. Financially, we’re committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet and that can provide our financial flexibility. We’re seeing the early stages of cash margin improvement, which should continue as our volumes grow and as always, we’ll maintain our focus on improving returns. Strategically we are delivering on our value proposition. We expect to complete our announced asset divestitures in 2013 and this will provide the financial flexibility to fund our investment programs, which we are on track to deliver volume and margin growth and our dividend remains a top priority. The bottom line, we’re committed to creating long-term value by delivering 3% to 5% growth in both production and margins with a compelling dividend. So I hope Jeff, Matt and myself have given you confidence that our plans are on track for delivering key milestones in 2013 and they will certainly position the company for very strong finish to the year and an exciting 2014. So now with that, let’s turn it back to the moderator and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Faisel Khan.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Good afternoon. Faisel with Citi.
Ryan Michael Lance:  Hi, Faisel.
Ellen R. DeSanctis:  Hi, Faisel.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.:  Hi. Just going to some of your comments on the transactions that you plan to close for the end of the year, can you just give us an update on kind of when you expect, precisely when those transactions will close in Nigeria and Algeria and Kashagan versus kind of what guys had expected when you announced those transactions earlier on.
Ryan Michael Lance: Yeah, thanks, Faisel. So when we set up our plants last year we were thinking towards the latter half of the year, mid year for some of the transactions may be a little bit later. It looks now to us that we will probably; we will complete all those transactions by the end of the year. There are complex full country exits with respect to Algeria, Nigeria, and Kashagan, so you can probably appreciate the complexity that's their. But we are on track to finish those by the end of the year, which is what we have said all along. In terms of planning, we were thinking maybe a few of them would be done by mid-year, but they will stretch into, a little bit into the third and fourth quarters.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.:  Okay, is that influencing at all the guidance, the change in guidance at all and will continue and discontinue off spaces?
Ryan Michael Lance:  So on the capital that we have talked about, it is impacting the discontinued operations. About half of the capital that we have talked about $600 million, roughly half, $300 million of that is due to those extending the dispositions, and but we’ll get that back through post closing adjustments on each one of the transactions.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.:  Okay, understood. Just one last question for me. In the Eagle Ford, lot of sort of industry publications on talking about lower condensate pricing and sort of lower realizations because of kind of the its inability to kind of move all that condensate to market or the consumer to market. Any issues, can you talk, elaborate a little bit more and how you're seeing the pricing of Eagle Ford crude versus some of the industry publications are talking about in terms of discounts and some of those lighter grades.
Ryan Michael Lance:  We don't sell our Eagle Ford crude as condensate type. It is a black oil that we are selling, so we are others maybe giving those sort of discounts we are not.
Matthew J. Fox:  So, just to add on that a little bit. So back when there was more of a spread between WTI, Brent and LLS, our Eagle Ford oil tended to price between WTI and LLS, as that as compressed, it’s trading more towards the WTI type number, but still as Matt saying a full oil price for that product.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: I got it, thanks guys, I appreciate the time.
Ellen R. DeSanctis: Thanks.
Ryan Michael Lance: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Herrlin of Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin Jr. – Societe Generale: Yes, hi.
Ryan Michael Lance: Hi, John.
John P. Herrlin Jr. – Societe Generale: Three quick ones, Ryan you mentioned rebalancing your oil sands exposure, should we expect this to happen over the next few years or are you going to monetize, try to swap or what are you going to do?
Ryan Michael Lance: Yeah, thanks John. Well, we’ve got a very large position. We’ve got 100% acreage, we’ve got joint ventures, it’s Surmont with FCCL. We are looking at a number of different ways to rebalance that portfolio. I wouldn’t get specific on any one way, we are trying to do what’s best for our shareholders, what’s best for our company. We want to maintain some exposure to the oil sands, but rebalance what we do have. I would say over the next this year, you want to see some efforts along those lines, but that will continue probably well into next year as well.
John P. Herrlin Jr. – Societe Generale: Okay thanks. With respect to the Bakken and Eagle Ford Matt, are you comfortable with the degree of activity or should we expect further acceleration in terms of your exploitation efforts?
Matthew J. Fox: John, we are quite comfortable with the strategy that we have just now, which is a 11 rigs running in both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford, and we are running that in a pretty efficient way, just now we are well laying out to do that, that we are continuing to learn from pilot tests for example, in the Eagle Ford, and we are at keeping pace with the infrastructure development, so I think we are going to keep on that sort of pace for sometime to come yet.
John P. Herrlin Jr. – Societe Generale: Okay. Last one from me in terms of virgin new players or newer players, Permian and Niobrara, should we expect to see acceleration there in activity.
Matthew J. Fox: Well, we have actually increased our activity this year. We’ll get three rigs running in the Permian just now, testing of that place in the Delaware basin and in the Midland basin, and we’re getting encouraging results there, but one rig running in the Niobrara, just now and we’re continuing to could test that fully across about pretty expensive acreage that we have so, we’re pretty active in both the Niobrara and in the Permian.
John P. Herrlin Jr. – Societe Generale: Thanks I was just wondering if that could be incremental towards what that’s all. Thanks.
Ryan Michael Lance:  Thanks, John.
Ellen R. DeSanctis:  Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Hanold from RBC.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets LLC:  Thanks, good afternoon.
Ryan Michael Lance: Good afternoon, Scott.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets LLC:  In the Eagle Ford it sounds like you said you’d tied-in 65 wells that you’ve drilled in the quarter, and then you had some backlog you put online. How many wells, do you get online during the quarter and you had a pretty nice production bump. Was there any infrastructure that was added, once we began the quarter that also added the increase?
Jeffrey W. Sheets: So, it was 65 in total that we put on in the quarter, but plenty of those were from the backlog and the backlog reduction.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets LLC:  Okay. Where did your backlog right now…
Jeffrey W. Sheets: It’s about 85.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets LLC: 85, would you, as running 11 rig, what is sort of a normal backlog you’d expect to carry, and is there anymore opportunity to trim off that in the coming quarters?
Jeffrey W. Sheets: Yeah, we’re going to adjust that backlog as we work through the year, there is always our backlog almost by definition takes time to come by the end of the year, we’ll probably have 50 or 60 wells, they are drilled but not tied-in.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets LLC:  Okay, got it. And then your 1,900 locations that you have talked about drilling at in the Eagle Ford remind me, what is the space that you assume there, any thoughts on where that can go?
Ryan Michael Lance: That assumes 80 acre spacing and we have pilot test running, testing of (inaudible) business down to 40 acres, but we don’t have a conclusive result yet as to what the optimum spacing might be, so those 1900 continues to be based on 80 acre spacing.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. How long will it, when should we hear about the more conclusive result that day and do you think is that more 2014?
Ryan Michael Lance: That’s more a 2014 really before we, I mean the information continues to come in, before we would draw any definitive conclusions is probably something next year.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Any early thoughts that it is pretty encouraging so far?
Ryan Michael Lance: It really is too early to see. I don’t see it is increasing the spacing permit, but we continue to look to see if there is value optimization and reducing that space.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then one of the things on the oil sand plays, you talked about rebalancing that, can you remind me so, within your guidance for 2013, is there any effective just sort of rebalancing effort for the oil sands yet?
Jeffrey W. Sheets: No, there is not Scott.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, thank you.
Ryan Michael Lance: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse.
Ed G. Westlake – Credit Suisse: Yeah. I guess continuing on the same just around the shale portfolio, I mean it feels like obviously the Eagle Ford has been great for some of the companies who have been now including yourselves, do you sort of feel that your sort of shale production and particularly in the liquids all sort of slowed a little bit in 2014, and then reaccelerate as you add activity to these other plays, I mean maybe give us some color about how you see the evolution of that?
Matthew J. Fox:  We expect to see production to continue to grow in the Eagle Ford, the Bakken and the Permian over the next few years. The Permian from an unconventional perspective, and we’ve seen a lot of potential there. We are seeing probably at least two producing wells in the Avalon, two or three in the Wolfcamp. So we continue to be encouraged by the unconventionals in the Permian. And so time will tell how much that contributes to growth in the long-term, but we do expect to see growth in the Eagle Ford, the Permian and the Bakken for several years to come frankly.
Ed G. Westlake – Credit Suisse:  And then a question for Jeff, diving into the weeds on the cash flow statement, two line items. This will be fun. Two line items that are difficult for us to forecast, one is deferred taxes and then there is the catch you have, which is other. Obviously as we focus on cash margins at the E&P level, obviously it has to translate into cash flow for the group. So on deferred taxes, is that predominantly U.S. or is there some international component in the 2013 numbers so far?
Jeffrey W. Sheets:  Yes, there is. A big part of it’s U.S., but also Norway and the UK are pretty substantial contributors to this as well. If you think about the tax, what deferred tax is, it’s just where you’re able to take more rapid tax depreciation and financial depreciation and UK and Norway, both have fairly accelerated tax depreciation. Of course the U.S. has some IDC benefit as well. 
Ed G. Westlake – Credit Suisse:  And then on the other line, which is sort of a $500 million swing first quarter to second quarter, can you just talk what is in the other line [next]?
Jeffrey W. Sheets:  That is a difficult one because there are a lot of things that go into the other line. Maybe just a little bit of, kind of if you think about how to think about all the things that go into the cash flow statement for us overall. When we talk about cash margins we took a very simplified approach and just have net income plus DD&A and talk about that as our cash margin. But for us going forward deferred tax is probably a pretty substantial positive for us this year and probably us this year and probably on into next year. A lot of the other items on the cash flow statement are going to generally offset each other. You will see that cash flow from operations other line, it’s going to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, probably for the year, that’s probably couple of hundred million dollar negative typically. In particular though, if you looked at the first quarter of this year and the fourth quarter of last year, those are unusually negative numbers and those were both results of some special items, which had positive effects to income, but with non-cash impacts, where the offset to that is in the cash flow from other lines. So I would say the fourth quarter and first quarter were pretty [unanimous] numbers for that line item and you should think about line items being more of a kind of few hundred million dollar negative for most years.
Ed G. Westlake – Credit Suisse: Thanks very helpful. Thanks Jeff.
Janet Langford Kelly : Thanks Ed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey guys.
Ryan Michael Lance: Hi, Paul.
Matthew J. Fox: Hi, Paul.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, Matt, in Eagle Ford you are saying that you are going to move into the pad drilling. How many rig is actually ready in the pad tubing at this point?
Matthew J. Fox: We have got four or five there are currently pad drilling in the Eagle Ford.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: And so as we move, I presume that by mid of next year that second quarter or so you are going to be 100% in pad tubing and at that point, what is your best guess in terms of your unit cost will change 10% to 15% of the improvement or do you think that you may be able to drive better than that?
Matthew J. Fox: Well, time will tell. We know that we are seeing improved efficiencies in the pad drilling with a fewer rig moves and all the other benefits that come from pad drilling, but I think it’s too early Paul to put a number out there, just probably – we know we will see efficiencies, I wouldn’t put a number on it just now.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: And I am not sure that, maybe I missed it, I have to apologize if that’s the case, that you guys have to like coming now with maybe of the longer term production or we saw target for Eagle Ford and Bakken, let’s say by 2017, how much do you think that those two area will be able to produce that?
Matthew J. Fox: We haven’t come out with any updated view of that yet.
Ellen R. DeSanctis: But we have got it in the Analyst Meeting material, both for Bakken and actually for all the Lower 48 plays in the Analyst Meeting material.
Matthew J. Fox: That we put out last year, so Paul…
Ellen R. DeSanctis: February.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: So any kind of update?
Matthew J. Fox: No, we are really kind of working through that process now. The great part of that getting to the position now where we got the Eagle Ford acreage primarily held by production is, we got a lot of flexibility to step back and ask ourselves, what is the optimal rate to develop that field and wet got a lot of work going on to do that right now.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.:  Right. And Jeff, along that line, I mean that paying up very lousy picture in terms of all the opportunity. So some of the Cap expense on, are you guys still looking at around in the $16 billion year over the next several year or that is also start to material see some adjustment?
Jeffrey W. Sheets:  No, Paul, we’re targeting that $16 billion annual number. So, we see some changes in the mix as we go forward over the next five years. We’ve got some major projects that start ramping down and we see some opportunities in our base plans as Alan described, to ramp up some of the unconventional North American stuff. But, no, we still think $16 billion is the right number to use.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Ryan, since that you guys are sort of up this year for reduction target a bit, how about next year? Is there any change?
Ryan Michael Lance: No. Not at this point.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Not at this point. And then finally, Matt, in Eagle Ford I’m wondering you’re not going to rig in Bakken, you’re also wondering – you’re not going to rig – but it does look like that you have a stronger position in the Eagle Ford. Is there any reason that why we’re running that similar amount of rig, I presume that the CapEx, I’m not sure that if you (inaudible) 11 rig, that the CapEx program under two base and at this point are dramatically different for this year. Is there any particular reason why you haven’t shift more of your effort into the Eagle Ford?
Matthew J. Fox: We’re managing the pace of activity to make sure that we don’t go ahead of infrastructure, to make sure that we’re able to run safely and efficiently and the reason you don’t see so much production appearing in the Bakken from the 11 rigs outrun we don’t look probably as we’re talking interest in the book and there is 50% or less and if it was in Eagle Ford this in high 80% to 90%. So that’s why you’re not seeing the same in the bottom line and then the underlying rates from the Eagle Ford and Bakken as well, but it’s really try and make sure that we are managing and running an efficient, safe program with these rates.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: So we should assume that the 11 rig for each base, this year to stay for the next one or two years?
Jeffrey W. Sheets:  Yeah, certainly their intention is to stay around that level for the next year or so. Yeah, and we’ll learn as we go. We’ll learn from our pilot tests and we may adjust that, but right now yes it’s for modeling purposes, that’s what I would assume.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, guys. I appreciate you taking my questions. Hi, guys, I got a couple of quick ones please. So you have mentioned that you might consider having move to Alaska in terms of perhaps incremental investment. You both have got interest in what is a growing suite of exploration success, and in terms of long-term capital planning. How should we think about balancing those two items. Does the CapEx go up to accommodate these incremental projects or does it get reallocated away from different areas. If could you kind help us with that and I’ve got a follow-up please?
Jeffrey W. Sheets: The $16 billion number includes assumptions of both major capital programs that will come for example from an exploration program, and any increase that we see in Alaska is also included in opportunities that we are modeling within the $16 billion overall program. And so you shouldn’t see an increase from the $16 billion to accommodate those?
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay now those major capital projects have they also included in your production outlook?
Jeffrey W. Sheets:  Yes, they are, yeah.
Matthew J. Fox: Well, production outlook.
Jeffrey W. Sheets: Yes, they are, yeah.
Matthew J. Fox:  Well, just to be clear, that’s not in – when we talked about our production outlook for 2016 and 2017 at the Analyst Presentation, we don’t have anything for the Gulf of Mexico discoveries in that production outlook, but we’d have some assumptions that, as we get towards the end of that period we are going to start spending capital there and you will see that production probably show up outside of the time period we talked about where we’ve kind of talked about the production guidance.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So there is no capital guidance?
Matthew J. Fox: So the capital going into those projects in the Gulf of Mexico for example with no production, in Alaska, we were not assuming in our plans last year that we will see incremental production in Alaska; that incremental production will be tied to activity associated with SB-21, but we do have the capital flexibility to accommodate.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: My follow up Matt is maybe just on some of the well results you have recently on both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. We are monitoring this doc and that looks like just in the last couple of months you have some pretty stellar well results. I am just wondering if you can confirm you’re seeing that in your production trends and if you can maybe help us understand if something is changed, are you drilling that particular area, are you changing well design, what’s going on in there now? Thank you.
Matthew J. Fox: Yeah, we’re continuing to vote for example a fact design in places like Eagle Ford, the number of stages that we pump, the volume of [propane] that we pump and we are doing that as learn from our pilot pits and what we are learning is that the more stages and more profit makes a difference. So going forward we’re going to be continuing to optimize that.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So you’re seeing your 2013 vintage wells delivering better than let’s say 2012 Panyu growth wells?
Matthew J. Fox: Yeah, on an average that was going on here.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Matthew J. Fox:  Thanks, Doug
Ellen R. DeSanctis:  Thanks, Doug
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Hi, good afternoon guys. Just clarify on the disposal program. I think you said you expected this to complete by 2013. I think you’re referring Nigeria and Algeria. Could you just repeat? Excuse me if I missed it what you said about Canada as well. I know that things changed there a bit versus your expectations. I wanted to just understand how you’re thinking about that going forward. Thanks.
Ryan Michael Lance:  Yeah, thank you, Paul. In terms of Canada, we’re continuing to look at the opportunities we may see a little bit before the end of the year, but most of what we’re trying to do in Canada will stretch well into 2014. I’ll be referring to cash again. You’ve probably seen the news. We were notified in early July by the Kazakhstan Government that they’ve elected to preempt on the arrangement that we had with OVM and we’re in conversations and discussions right now with the amount of Purchase/Sale Agreement and those are going quite well. So that’s progressing along.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I guess my understanding was that kind of in the likely order of events that would be first Algeria, then Kazakhstan and Nigeria was difficult to that I can guess. In terms of, it sounds like great – seem that’s fairly straightforward now they pay the same price that was [of the ONGC].
Ryan Michael Lance: Yes, that’s correct.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right. So that should go pretty quickly. And then, obviously the other two, I guess that you’re finding that these [devils] are highly accretive to you, right?
Ryan Michael Lance: Yes, you’re absolutely right.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, would be logical to consider further disposals for next year to continue the accretion?
Ryan Michael Lance:  Well, I think as I try to explain, I think when we get down with the three that we have described here today, we have got some rebalancing we want to do in the old sense that we talked about and then I think it’s healthy and prudent to continue to improving the portfolio on the low end. So there is some modest level of divestitures that we see out overtime in the portfolio in $1 billion to $2 billion range or something like that, but we don’t have any large ones that we have talked about other than, looking at trying to rebalance in our oilsands position.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, I understand. And then obviously with 3% to 5% double target that you have got, I think Paul Cheng highlighted, it’s basically unchanged by today’s better outlook for this year’s volumes?
Jeffrey W. Sheets: Yeah, no, we are sticking to the 3% to 5%. Again we pin that back when we came out year and a half ago. So you do the math and do different numbers depending on when you pick your starting point and ending point, but I am anchored back to when we came out as an independent company in May of last year and that’s our commitment over the next four to five years as you will see that kind of growth in both volume and margins for the company.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  And just as completely reiterate, what speaks up before, you’re basically saying that at that point, you would be covering the dividend and the CapEx annually based on I think of $110 right by 2017?
Jeffrey W. Sheets: Well, it’s prior little bit lower, oil price we don’t assume $110 or we’re buying more or like $90 to $100 kinds of prices in the middle of $3 Henry Hub prices. And yeah, we start fully covering our CapEx and dividend in the next couple of years, but that deficit start shrinking pretty quickly over the next couple of years, so it’s very manageable with the proceeds that we estimate will have by the end of this year, the cash will have on the balance sheet, that’s the plan and we can cover it very easily at that point.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. I understand that. Sorry again I apologize if I missed this. Was there a specific update on the progress in Australia and where your projects down relative to the other two major projects going on down there?
Ryan Michael Lance: The APLNG is in good shape. The project just now is about 45% complete and we are making good progress. We are still on track for starting up in 2015.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And there was a cost review I believe which came through with Needham.
Ryan Michael Lance: And we reviewed that to the analysts the results of that to the analyst earlier in the year, and there is no change from what we described then.
Matthew J. Fox: Other than seeing some fairly significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the Australian Dollar which is probably mitigated some of the cost increases we thought we were seeing on in U.S. dollar terms.
Jeffrey W. Sheets: Yeah, I think what we had said is like 7% increase in the underlying cost and the spent currency and that was looking like a 20% increase in U.S. dollars depending on how the FX goes and may not the 20% increase in the U.S. dollar basis?
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks guys. That’s helpful, thank you.
Ryan Michael Lance: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And the final question we have time for is from Kate Minyard of JPMorgan.
Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan: Hi, good afternoon thanks for taking my questions.
Ryan Michael Lance: Hi, Kate.
Jeffrey W. Sheets: Hi, Kate.
Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan: Hi, just a quick question for Jeff, thanks for providing the color on slide 7 and 8, can you talk about the cash margin improvement that might be stemming from a difference in cash taxes between 2012 and 2013, just as you’ve changed some of the geographic distribution of production. Is there any impact there that you can help us extract?
Jeffrey W. Sheets: In kind of the question was the deferred taxes a part of that, is that?
Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan: Why it is different? Why just different cash tax rates between the regimes exactly?
Jeffrey W. Sheets: Yeah, so really the benefit comes from just pretty much the cash margin benefit comes from where we’ve added production. And we’ve added production primarily in Canada, in the Lower 48 and in Asia, and those are all tax rates, which are less than our current average tax rate. When we do this cash margin calculation, we do a simple calculation, so we can have some comparability to other companies. So we just take net income plus DD&A, and call that our cash margin, so deferred taxes don’t come into, but we talked about, when we talk about cash margins.
Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan: Okay.
Ryan Michael Lance: And as I mentioned, as you’re thinking about cash flow model and things like that, you should think of deferred tax as being like you’ve seen in the first couple of quarters of this year, that kind of it’s going to continue on because of it, where we are spending our capital dollars.
Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan:  Okay. All right, thanks. And then maybe just another question on Alaska, as you guys look at evaluating additional investment opportunity, you specifically talk about the evaluation in light of SB21. How are you taking into account potential marketability of the crudes as well and what specific type of crude are you with your investments be targeting? Is it light or is it heavy and how does marketability play a factor?
Jeffrey W. Sheets: I mean the opportunities that we are looking at predominantly light oil opportunities with production similar to EPI to what we have just now. We also see opportunities in the heavy oil in Alaska, but that would be a bit further out and before we would see a significant increase in that.
Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan: Okay. And no long-term concerns around marketability?
Jeffrey W. Sheets:  No, no.
Katherine L. Minyard – JPMorgan:  Okay. All right, great. Thanks very much. 
Jeffrey W. Sheets: Thanks Kate.
Ryan Michael Lance:  Thanks Kate. 
Ellen R. DeSanctis: Why don’t we go ahead and wrap it up here, we’re little passed the hour and again we really appreciate everybody’s time and attention on such a busy day. We will have a replay of this call on our website shortly and of course you’re always welcome to call anyone on the investor relations team for further color. Thanks so much have a great afternoon. Sheri?
Operator: Thank you. Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications Jeffrey Wayne Sheets - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Matthew J. Fox - Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production
Analysts: Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Rakesh Advani - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Brandon Mei Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q1 2013 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis: Thank you, Christine. And thank you to all of our listeners for joining this earnings call today. As usual, we'll review the results for the past quarter and we'll provide quite a bit of outlook for the coming quarters this year. It's a big year, as I think you all know and appreciate. With me for today's call are Jeff Sheets, our Executive Vice President of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Fox, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, let me make just a few administrative points here. As a reminder, in late February, we hosted our first ever analyst meeting as an independent company. And at that meeting, we presented a lot of detail about our future plans and our milestones. We had a great response to the event, which we appreciate. And today, you'll here that our performance and our plans are tracking the expectations we laid out there overall. The material for that meeting, including a transcript of that call, is still available from our website, and that's also where you'll find the materials for today's presentation. One other kind of quick administrative matter: Except as noted, today's comments as we go through the presentation will address the company's performance on a continuing operations basis, and that is net of the results for the settled properties that we've previously reported as discontinued operations. So just listen for that. We know the models have a mix of conventions and so we want to be clear about the convention we plan to follow today. If you'll turn to Page 2, you'll find our Safe Harbor slide. We will make some forward-looking statements today, and of course, our actual results could differ. The risks in our future performance have been outlined and described on the Safe Harbor statement and in our periodic filings with the SEC, including our recently filed Form 10-K. And with that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Jeff. Jeff?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: All right. Thank you, Ellen. And good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for taking the time to join us on our call today. I'll begin my comments on Slide 3 and cover some of the key first quarter highlights. Strategically, we continue to make good progress on our announced asset sales. In the first quarter, we closed the Cedar Creek Anticline transaction and some small asset sales, which generated total proceeds of about $1.1 billion. We're also making progress in our sales of our Algeria, Nigeria and Kashagan assets and anticipate closing those in 2013. At the same time, as we work to monetize these non-core nonstrategic assets in our portfolio, we continue to add assets, which will allow us to sustain our long-term growth. We added acreage in our deepwater Gulf of Mexico position and continue to make selective entries in the new exploration plays globally. But Matt is going to provide more information about our investment programs during his comments later in the call. Operationally, the business ran well, and we achieved the high end of our estimated production range for the quarter. We produced 1.596 million BOE per day on a total company basis and 1.55 million per day on a continuing operations basis. We announced 2 significant deepwater Gulf of Mexico discoveries in the first quarter at Shenandoah and Coronado, and these are important milestones in our emerging deepwater Gulf of Mexico program. Moving to financial results. Adjusted earnings were $1.8 billion, it's $1.42 a share. Special items this quarter were $387 million, which were primarily related to gains on asset sales. Excluding a $1 billion net working capital gain benefit, we generated $3.6 billion in cash from operations and ended the quarter with $5.4 billion of cash on hand. Our debt level was unchanged from year end. So overall, we had a strong quarter strategically, operationally and financially. And if you turn to the next slide, I'll discuss our earnings for the quarter. So it was a straightforward quarter, with adjusted earnings relatively flat with comparative periods. This quarter's adjusted earnings were down about 2% compared to last year's first quarter, primarily driven by lower benchmark prices and higher DD&A expense which were partially offset by our shift to higher-value liquids in our portfolio and lower corporate expenses. Adjusted earnings per share was up 3%, which reflects the share repurchases in the first half of 2012. Sequentially, adjusted earnings were essentially flat. Slightly lower total company volumes were offset by somewhat higher product prices, with the notable exception of bitumen pricing which remained weak in the first quarter. As I mentioned, production volumes hit the high end of our guidance range, and operating costs were as expected, so there are no surprises there. Next I'll cover our production performance for the quarter, so if you'll turn to the next slide. As I mentioned a moment ago, our all-in production this year's first quarter was 1.596 million BOE per day, and these results included about 40,000 BOE per day from discontinued operations. So this Slide 5 shows how production compares to the first quarter of 2012. First quarter 2012 production from continuing operations was 1.58 million BOE per day. And if you adjust that for the 45,000 of production from assets that were sold during 2012, normalized production from continued operations was 1.536 million BOE in the first quarter of last year. So if you compare that to the first quarter 2013, our downtime from continuing operations was 30,000 BOE per day higher in the first quarter 2013 than in the first quarter of 2012. This downtime is primarily due to weather-related issues in the San Juan Basin and downtime at the East Irish Sea Rivers asset plant. Production growth of 219,000 BOE per day more than offset decline of 170,000 BOE per day. The majority of this growth came from the Lower 48 shale plays and our oil sands assets, and we had some production increases year-over-year from Libya and China. So normalized for 2012 dispositions, our production from continuing operations increased from 1.536 million to 1.555 million BOE per day year-over-year, and that represents about a 1% growth in total. And this growth would have been higher were it not for the increased downtime we had in the first quarter. So while we experienced slight year-on-year production growth from our continuing operations, the composition of that production shifted, leading to improved cash margins, and the next slide discusses those cash margins. As you can see, cash margins are growing despite a 3% drop in realized prices compared to last year's first quarter. Our cash margins grew by 6%. One of the biggest drivers in this margin improvement is the shift to higher-value liquids in our portfolio. So liquids production from crude, from NGL and from bitumen increased to 57% of production compared to 55% a year ago. So this metric is likely to evolve, though, on a quarter-by-quarter basis, but the long-term trend should be one of increasing cash margins as we shift our production towards higher-value products. And we will continue to focus on this metric since it's one of the key aspects of our value proposition. So next I'll turn to the segment slide, beginning with the Lower 48 on Slide 7. Production in this segment was 475,000 BOE per day. That's up 5% compared to last year's first quarter, as we continue to successfully ramp up production in the Lower 48 shale plays. Total liquids production in this segment increased 17% over the same period a year ago, while natural gas production decreased by 4%. Sequentially, production was flat from the -- for the segment, reflecting the unplanned downtime in the San Juan Basin related to winter weather conditions. So with the 17% growth in liquids production, liquids now represent approximately 50% of the production mix in this segment, up from 45% a year ago. And we expect our liquids production percentage to continue to grow. During the quarter, Eagle Ford production averaged 101,000 BOE per day, Permian production averaged 52,000, Bakken production averaged 29,000 BOE per day. So total production from these 3 areas was 182,000 BOE per day, and for -- and that's up 42% compared to the same period last year. In terms of earnings, realized prices tell most of the story on earnings variability. Sequentially, in this year's first quarter, volumes were flat, but earnings benefit from stronger crude prices. So next we'll move to the Canada segment on Slide 8. Canadian production was 283,000 BOE per day in the first quarter. That's up 6% year-over-year, driven by the ramp-up in -- of production in our oil sands assets. Liquids production increased 22% year-over-year, while gas price -- gas production declined 7%. And this shift should show up in improved margins over time with recovering bitumen prices. Canada reported negative adjusted earnings this quarter, reflecting weak bitumen prices that carried over from late last year. As a reminder, our realizations embed a 1-month lag in WCS spot prices, so our first quarter results essentially reflect pricing in December, January and February. Since we already know that March and April prices for bitumen are higher, we expect second quarter realizations to improve compared to the first quarter. So let's move on to the Alaska segment on Slide 9. Production in Alaska was 218,000 BOE per day this quarter. That's down sequentially but in line with our expectations. Compared to the first quarter of 2012, production was down about 18,000 BOE per day, reflecting normal field decline. In the first quarter, lift timing had an adverse impact to earnings of about $50 million. And adjusted earnings were $543 million for the segment. As most of you know, the Alaska legislature passed SB 21, representing some reforms to the existing fiscal regime. We are currently analyzing the possible impact to our business, including where we could or would increase investment in Alaska, and we expect to provide more details of -- on our future plans over time. So I'll turn to Slide 10 and talk about our Asia Pacific and Middle East segment. Production in this segment was 318,000 BOE per day during the first quarter, and that's up 5% compared to a year ago and about flat sequentially. One milestone to note is we achieved our first sale of our cargo oil from the Gumusut field in Malaysia in January. Adjusted earnings this quarter were favorably impacted by about $20 million related to lift timings, and they benefited from continuing -- continued strong pricing sequentially. Europe is the next segment, and it's found on Slide 11. Production for Europe was 207,000 BOE per day during the quarter, a sequential decrease of 9,000 BOE per day. Natural field declines, asset dispositions and continued downtime primarily at the East Irish Sea facility continued to lower production volumes compared to the first quarter of last year. Now the adjusted earnings of $348 million for this segment did not include any significant timing differences this quarter. So we don't have an Other International segment or a corporate slide in our presentation this quarter, as there wasn't much news. As a reminder, most of what was previously in the international segment is now reported in our discontinued operations. Our corporate segment's adjusted earnings were a negative $173 million. That's in line with our fourth quarter performance but ahead of our quarterly guidance. And we're going to provide an update on our full year outlook for corporate expenses at the Second Quarter Call in midyear. So -- and further information on this segment is provided in the supplemental information that's provided with the earnings release. So if you turn to Slide 12. I'll cover our first quarter cash flow. We generated $3.6 billion in cash from operations this quarter, excluding working capital. And working capital was a source of $1 billion in cash. We also generated $1.1 billion in proceeds from the sale of Cedar Creek Anticline asset and some other small assets. So you'll notice that the working capital change this quarter is large, and the biggest single component of this change relates to the impact of the Cedar Creek Anticline asset sales -- asset sale. The -- and the nature of accounting for asset sales is that the pretax value of the asset sale's proceeds shows up on the cash flow statement in the cash from investing activities, but the tax impacts from asset sales end up in the cash from operations portion of the cash flow statement. And tax impacts from the CCA disposition has impacted both the fourth quarter of 2012 and the first quarter of 2013 cash from operations -- cash from operating activities. So absent the impacts from this transaction, cash flow from operations before working capital would have been approximately $4 billion in both the fourth quarter of 2012 and the first quarter of 2013 and the working capital change in the first quarter of 2013 would have been closer to $600 million. Moving to capital. We funded a $3.6 billion capital program for continuing operations in the quarter. And we expect that capital expenditures will be higher in the subsequent quarters of 2013. So finishing up the cash flow statement. We paid out roughly $800 million in our recent quarterly dividend, and this left us with a strong cash position at quarter end of around $5.4 billion. So our balance sheet and the financials situation remain strong. We continue to be well positioned to execute on our -- on the programs that are going to generate the volume and margin growth for the company. So that concludes the financial overview. And now I'll turn over call over to Matt for an update on operations.
Matthew J. Fox: Thanks, Jeff. As both Ellen and Jeff mentioned, general theme of this quarter's operational performance is that we are on plan. Jeff covered the financials results by segment, but I'm going to cover the operations material by the capital buckets we reviewed at the Analyst Meeting in February. So these are our high-quality base, our relatively low-risk development programs that completely mitigate base decline, our major projects and our exploration programs. And we think of these buckets as distinct parts of our strategy that, when aggregated, will drive growth in volumes, margins and returns over time. So let's start with our base asset discussion on Page 14. Just as a reminder, our base refers to the assets that we're producing at the end of last year, which comprised about 1.5 million BOE per day of continuing operations. During the first quarter of this year, our base production performed essentially as expected. Around the business were some winter-related downtime in the San Juan Basin that Jeff talked about, the majority of which has been restored. In addition, as we discussed last quarter, our Calder field in East Irish Sea is down, pending completion of a new asset plant. As we discussed in the Fourth Quarter Call and at the Analyst Meeting, I want to remind you that we have some significant downtime planned during the next 2 quarters. In our operated assets alone, we expect downtime to be about 30% higher than our 5-year historic average, and much of this higher downtime is related to what then needs to be performed to tie in new production in many of our operations. And we also expect higher-than-average downtime in several of our key non-operated assets this year. So I thought it would be worthwhile taking a moment to give you some highlights listed on this slide. First, the Greater Ekofisk complex schedules a major shutdown every 3 years during the summer. This year's planned shutdown will be the largest ever in the Greater Ekofisk area, and in fact, it will be the largest shutdown in ConocoPhillips' history. So this is a big deal, and our planning is going well. The shutdown at Ekofisk itself will start in early June and last about a month. In addition to planned maintenance, we will be completing ground fieldwork for Ekofisk South production beginning later this year. Also Eldfisk is planned to shut down in late May for a period of about 70 days, this work will include preparations for the tie-in and startup of Eldfisk 2 in late 2014. Likewise, in U.K., we have a significant J-Area shutdown planned also for June coinciding with the Greater Ekofisk shutdown. And similar to the Norway work, a key goal of this planned event is to make preparations for the Jasmine field tie-in and startup later in the year. We also have significant turnarounds planned in Alaska, the oil sands, Indonesia and the Lower 48. So this really is a big year for planned shutdowns. But before I leave this slide, I want to make a key point. Our 2013 production guidance hasn't changed, except we've narrowed the range for the full year and have slight increase to the midpoint. We provided quarterly detail for our 2013 production outlook in the Appendix section of today's presentation, and we presented this information for both continuing operations and discontinued operations for the rest of this year. And we've shown both conventions because we know there's a mix in the analyst modules out there. We want to make sure there's no confusion. Now let me give you a little more color specifically on the Lower 48 second quarter volume expectations. The sale of the Cedar Creek Anticline properties will reduce our base production by about 11,000 BOE per day compared to the first quarter. That, combined with the second quarter planned downtime and underlying decline, should be completely offset by production growth from our development programs, so as a result, we expect second quarter production from the Lower 48 to be about the same as first quarter production. So moving on to the development programs, on Slide 15. These are the low-risk drilling-led programs around the world that completely mitigate a decline with high margins and high returns. These programs remain on track across the globe to deliver the 600,000 BOE per day of production by 2017, that you can see in the top left graphic. Among our legacy fields, in Alaska, Kaparuk coiled tubing drilling sidetracks continued; and Western Canada, with its high uptime due to mild weather and good results from this year's winter drilling program. Results across the Lower 48 development programs are also strong. So beginning in Eagle Ford, first quarter production averaged 101,000 BOE per day, with a peak net production of 110,000 BOE per day. So volumes were up 13% sequentially compared to 89,000 BOE per day in the fourth quarter of last year. We expect to complete the drilling phase of each acreage capture in the Eagle Ford by mid this year and then be fully held by production by the end of the year. And as we approach this milestone, we're focused on planning for full field development. Moving to the Bakken. Production averaged 29,000 BOE a day, an increase of 5,000 versus the fourth quarter or about 21% increase. In both the Eagle Ford and the Bakken plays, we continue to evaluate and implement infrastructure and marketing solutions to improve our margins. For example, we continue to install stabilizers in the Eagle Ford to allow us to more effectively ship our light crude production. In the Permian Basin, we're increasing activity in both the conventional and the unconventional plays where we hold 1.1 million net acres. We're currently testing several unconventional plays in both the Delaware and Midland Basin. For example, we're seeing good results from early tests of Avalon wells in the Delaware Basin where about 60% of the production stream is liquids. And we hope to have more results here to share soon. In the Permian conventional development program, we now have our 4-operated rigs running. Our current plan assumes we'll bring on about 135 wells this year, an increase of 48% compared to 2012. So these efforts will protect our base production against generating strong margin and returns. So we've got a lot of good things going on in our development programs and we will have for the remainder of the year. Now let's turn to our major projects on Slide 16. Our major projects remain on track to deliver the 400,000 BOE per day of production by 2017 that you can see in the top-left graph. Our oil sands properties continue to perform on plan. And currently, we have 7 major projects in execution there. The combined oil sand properties averaged 109,000 BOE per day during the quarter, up 3% sequentially. Christina Lake Phase E is on track to start up in the third quarter of this year, which will contribute to the continuing ramp-up of production. In the Asia Pacific region, an additional 8 Panyu Growth wells are brought online in the first quarter, bringing the total new well count to 17 wells, and these wells contributed more than 6,000 BOE per day net by the end of the quarter. In Malaysia, the floating production system from Gumusut and the Siakap North-Petai projects are both on track for a fourth quarter startup. At Curtis Island, module installation got underway at APLNG this quarter. This is a big milestone for the project, and it shows that we're still on schedule for first LNG in 2015. Activity in both the U.K. and Norwegian sectors of the North Sea is high. The picture shown in the bottom left here is of the Jasmine topside installation that began in March and was completed earlier this month. The offshore hookup and commissioning work has now commenced, with first production still expected in the fourth quarter. At Ekofisk South, the project is progressing well. We're on plan for selling [ph] in June. We expect the set the topside this summer and achieve first oil production by the end of this year. So as you can tell, it's a very busy year for major projects in ConocoPhillips. We've got a lot of exciting things underway in terms of growth and margin catalysts. For example, the 4 major projects we're bringing on this year, Jasmine, Ekofisk South Gumusut and SNP, hold a total average production of about 80,000 BOE per day in 2014. But this is actually only half of the total production that will be added from all of our major projects in 2014. We'll also add production from projects at FCCL, increasing production at APLNG for domestic sales and several other smaller projects around the company. And of course, there's the incremental production in 2014 that is an addition to the production that we'll be adding from our development programs, which essentially maintain base production flat. Now the next 2 quarters are really important, but I know our people are up to the task of safely executing our plans. So next I want to briefly cover our exploration programs, starting with the Gulf of Mexico on Slide 17. As most of you know, we announced 2 significant Gulf of Mexico deepwater discoveries this quarter: Shenandoah and Coronado. Shenandoah was the first appraisal well following a 2009 discovery, and we have 30% equity. This first appraisal well exceeded pre-drill expectations of over 1,000 feet of net pay. And it looks to have good reservoir quality and good oil quality. And unfortunately, we drilled down depth of the discovery well but we didn't find a water column. At Coronado, we announced the discovery of a large 3-way closure, subsalt. This well discovered more than 400 feet of net pay, with good-quality reservoir. And we have 35% of this discovery. And the operators is now on location drilling an appraisal sidetrack from the discovery well. During the quarter, we continued to build a leasehold position in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico through our participation in the recent March lease sale. The chart in the lower left shows our growing acreage position, much of which is still in primary term, and the flexibility this provides as a real advantage. Then finally, in the Gulf of Mexico, we've got a very active drilling program underway or planned for the remainder of the year. Currently, we're drilling at the Ardennes well, a lower-tertiary wildcat, and we have 30% interest in the well. We expect to spud the COP-operated Thorn well any day now, which is an upper-tertiary wildcat where we have 65% working interest. Also coming up in the second quarter, the Tiber appraisal well is expected to spud, where have an 18% interest. And then later in the year, the Deep Nansen wildcat well will spud, which is a lower tertiary prospect where we have a 25% interest. So 2013 is clearly a very big year for our deepwater Gulf of Mexico program. We're really excited about this, and we hope that we have other meaningful results to share with you as the year progresses. Moving to Slide 18. And here, I just want to take a minute to update you on our other unconventional and conventional exploration programs outside the Gulf of Mexico. In Canada, we drilled, logged and cored 2 wells in the Canol play. This is a Devonian shale that we believe is in the oil window on Train, with a prolific Horn River gas play. We're planning to go back to this area next winter for a multi-well program, including a horizontal well production test. In the Niobrara play, we drilled 3 wells in the first quarter. Currently, our pace is somewhat limited by gathering and infrastructure build-out here. Our well results are encouraging, but it's still early days. In the second quarter, we expect to drill our first well in Colombia in the Middle Magdalena basin in the La Luna shale play. Moving on to our conventional programs. In Alaska, we drilled a wildcat discovery at the Cassin prospect in the onshore NPR-A. In Kwanza Basin in Angola we completed the second phase of our 3D seismic program in early April, and we're in full planning mode to begin drilling early next year. And finally, in the Browse Basin of Australia, we're currently drilling a Proteus wildcat in an untested structure to the southeast of the Poseidon discovery, and we expect to reach TD in late May. So there've been a lot exploration activity in the first quarter, and that continues into the second quarter. So that was a pretty quick overview of our operations, which are running well, very high level of activity, and generating visible results. So now, please return to Slide 19, and I'll wrap up with some summary comments. I think the most important takeaway from today's call is that the business is running well. I hope Jeff and I have given you confidence that our plans are on track for delivering key milestones in 2013 that will position us for a very strong 2014. Our value proposition remains intact. We expect to make progress on our announced asset divestitures in 2013, which will provide financial flexibility for funding our growth programs, and our dividend remains a top priority. Operationally, we're approaching a very significant inflection point for the company, the momentum coming out of 2013 should be strong. We're delivering visible results from our conventional and unconventional exploration programs that will sustain our growth into the future. And very importantly, we're delivering our operational performance safely and efficiently. Finally, we are committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet that can provide financial flexibility. We're seeing the early stages of cash margin expansion, which should improve as our volumes grow. And as always, we'll maintain our focus on improving returns. The bottom line is that we are committed to creating long-term value by delivering 3% to 5% growth in production and margins, with a compelling dividend. We're executing on this strategy, and we're committed to keeping you updated on our progress. So now we are pleased to take your questions. And Christine, I'll hand it back to you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was just wondering if you could give us an exit rate in the quarter for the Eagle Ford.
Matthew J. Fox: The exit rate was about 110,000 BOE per day, and for -- and we're continuing to grow production. I think we had a new peak production on Monday of 116,000 BOE per day in Eagle Ford.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So -- and where do you kind of see this going towards the end of the year at?
Matthew J. Fox: Right now, in the Eagle Ford, we're in a pretty linear growth trend. And we will see that continuing essentially as we go through the year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then on the recent change in the legislation in Alaska on the progressive tax, what do you mean? You said you're going to add a rig to Alaska. What's the current thinking now with the new tax regime in place?
Matthew J. Fox: So we've been encouraged by the changes to the regime. We've been advocating this for some time. And then the change will encourage additional investment in Alaska. So we're -- and we were looking at that. We've got a long list of projects that we are evaluating now. And we did announce that we're immediate starting to increase with this new rig that we're bringing in and that rig is going to be very focused on working over existing wells and adding production that way. But we do have quite a few capital projects that we're now evaluating the impacts of the fiscal regime on.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And this is still in terms of Alaska. So the -- you guys laid out, I guess, a production sort of decline in Alaska over the course of this year. Does this rig and the new activities sort of mitigate that decline rate, and by how much?
Matthew J. Fox: You won't really see any significant change in the short term. But the -- but the issue is given the new fiscal regime, our incremental capital investments worth are now competitive. And we think they will be, but we're taking that through our overall planning process this year. And we'll be more equipped to talk about that later in the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Terreson of ISI.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: In March, at the Analyst Meeting, the company provided a pretty detailed outlook for production and cash margins. And on this point, I think U.S. production from liquid-rich play rose by over 40% versus the year-ago period, which is obviously a pretty strong result. But my question is on profitability and specifically whether cash margins in these plays are strengthening, as you thought that they might, and also whether there are any other performance-related factors that are worth mentioning in the Eagle Ford, the Bakken and the Permian developments that you have underway?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, the -- pretty much. As Matt mentioned, the production is happening pretty much as we expected from all 3 plays, the Eagle Ford, the Bakken and the Permian. And production from these is all -- well, Eagle Ford is 60% oil and 20% NGLs and 20% gas, so that's really strong cash margins. And Bakken, of course, is mostly oil. And the Permian is a -- got a very favorable mix as well. So cash margins from all these assets are really much higher than our -- than the average of our current portfolio. So as you see, the portfolio, the whole -- you're starting to see that show up now finally in Lower 48 cash margins as that portfolio has moved now towards kind of about half liquids to where it was only 45% a year ago. So you're getting to -- you're starting to see that all across the portfolio. Cash margins have been a little bit hurt in Canada because of the recent weakness in bitumen prices, but we see that that's going to start recovering as well. So overall, the -- it's kind of Matt was summarizing. We see the trajectory of the growth in production happening as we thought it was going to. And it's -- that trajectory of growing production is going to cause -- growing the production at higher margins is going to cause cash margin to increase over time. So production growth is on plan and margin growth is on plan as well.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Jeff, I think that you mentioned your efforts on optimization and how higher net backs, as I think the way you talked about it. And on this point, I wanted to see if you could highlight some of the specifics that are being undertaken to improve the netbacks to the company on production.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think we talked about how a lot of -- in particular, what we're trying to make sure is that it's not going to be talking about [ph] marketing in Eagle Ford, for example. Matt, maybe you want to talk some about what we're doing there?
Matthew J. Fox: Yes. So our goal here, Doug, is to have as much optionality as we can because, as you know, there's a lot of volatility and various markers in the production itself in all 3 of those basins. So we're -- so for example, in the Eagle Ford, just now, the way that we're set up for our sales, we're realizing WTI plus about $5 from Eagle Ford, and that's a mixture of production that's going by pipeline. A lot of production is still going by truck. And some of our production is priced off LLS, some of it's priced off WTI. And our liquids, the non-NGL liquids, are sold as a light sweet crude. And because they've got very high-value metal distillate, that makes them good refinery products, so they're not going being sold as condensate. And so we're -- and we feel good about the liquid and the gas takeaway capacity just now in the Eagle Ford. In the Bakken, we're actually realizing WTI minus about $5 on average in the Bakken. And we've got a mixture of offtake as well: About 30% is by pipeline just now, about 25% we're selling to rails -- to railers to bring it south to capture the WTI-Brent spread. And so we're managing that, I think, very well. And we're developing a lot of optionality to make sure that we have flexibility to maximize our realizations.
Operator: Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Crédit Suisse.
Rakesh Advani - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is actually Rakesh for Ed. Quick question on your -- if you can give any updates on your Canadian asset disposals, where we are in the process over there.
Matthew J. Fox: Yes. We're still evaluating our options for diluting our position in the Canadian oil sands. We've got quite a few alternatives that we're considering, quite a lot of interest in those assets, and -- but we're not in a hurry. This is an important strategic transaction for the company so we're still thinking through the -- which of these alternatives we want to pursue.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is real quick. Matt, I think, in Eagle Ford, that you're primarily frac oil. And do you have any rough estimate in terms of the spread between frac oil, condensate, NGL and gas for your position in the Niobrara, Wolfcamp and Canol Shale?
Matthew J. Fox: It's still very early days from the -- in all of those. And they -- we do see -- have a higher liquids yield in the Niobrara, for example. And the wells we've tested there all have a high crude oil yield. The -- in the Permian, I think the most recent stuff I saw from our Avalon wells was 60% crude oil percentage. And then I think you mentioned the Canol. We don't have a well test in the Canol yet, we just had -- we just tried -- drilled and cored and logged to those wells, so we don't have an estimate of that yet.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Matt, when you say crude oil, you're really referring is frac oil, it's not condensate and NGL, right, when you say 60% in the Wolfcamp?
Matthew J. Fox: That's correct. That's right.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And that in the Colombia, when you drilled the first well, the vertical well, are you going to also frac it? Are you just going to, say, get some core sample?
Matthew J. Fox: I think the, first well, we're just going to get core samples and some frac -- some dynamic fracture testing. But I don't think we plan to run a full frac on the first well.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And maybe this is for Jeff, that any update about the Canadian oil sand sales, where we -- where are we in the process?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think, as Matt mentioned, I think, on -- previously, we're still evaluating the options that we have in the Canadian oil sands process. And that's something that we're going to be taking our time doing because there are a lot of different potential routes we could go with that transaction.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So we should not necessarily assume that this is going to have a final decision made by company within this year.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think that'll be fair. It's a transaction we're going to be working on throughout this year and could potentially be in the next year as well.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Matt, on the -- on Shenandoah, that is a monster well. Given that it's so great in terms of the size, should we assume from a time line standpoint, the development, you may actually need to -- at least another 2 year for additional appraisal well and then, after that, 2 year of the same [ph] and then maybe 4 year of the actual construction of the platform and all that? So were you talking about more like in the 2020, 2021 kind of time line?
Matthew J. Fox: So we're still working that, Paul. It's a good question. And we're in the middle of working out the time line and the appraisal requirements for that well. And so it's too early to give you a time line for that.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I've got a couple of questions, please. Matt, on the Eagle Ford, there's -- a number of companies now have started to chatter about the Pearsall and the [indiscernible] on their recent acreage. I'm just wondering if you are moving that -- in that direction and if there's anything you can share with us in terms of how it might augment the existing program.
Matthew J. Fox: Yes, yes, we know that, that potential exists on our acreage. And so that's -- we're really regarding that right now as upside relative to the Eagle Ford shale itself. But you're right, that potential could be quite significant.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But nothing in terms of exploration activity or appraisal activity at this point.
Matthew J. Fox: Not right now. No, not right now.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jeff, my follow-up is on the cash margin comment. I'm looking for a bit of help here, really. This is probably the key to -- or one of the keys to the investment case, I guess, is the growth and the margin expansion, you spent a fair amount of time talking about it. Your liquids production was up 57% versus 55% as a proportion, but every liquids realization year-over-year was down pretty quite materially and the only realization that was up was gas. So I'm trying to understand, how does the cash margin grow in that environment? But my numbers is not growing, and I'm trying to understand how you're getting to these numbers. Are you normalizing for the base portfolio after asset sales? Or is there something else going on there?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So let me kind of take that in kind of short-term and long-term impact. So...
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm looking Q1 over Q1...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. It's what I would call short-term impacts. Cash margins, there's -- always, there are going to be a lot of things that go into cash margins that would create a lot of noise when you look kind of quarter-over-quarter or even somewhat year-over-year. So it depends not just on what price levels happened -- or what went on with price levels, which moved a little bit in this year-over-year time period. As we showed our realized price, overall it went down by about 3%. overall. The cash margins went up. So it's what is making up -- it's the tax rates at which those -- that production is happening, as well, makes a lot of difference. And as you point out, we did have some improvement in natural gas prices in that time frame, which helped margins. So what we showed in the call today which is what happened to actual cash margins year-over-year, including the impact of prices. Now what we think is important, though, is what happened in the cash margins over the long term kind of in a flat price environment, and that's what we really tend to talk more about, like that we spend a lot of time talking about it in the analyst presentation. And as you go long term, it's the impact of adding oil production, LNG production, oil sands production, and changing the mix in the portfolio, as well as the geographies in which you add them. And that's just the same way we pointed out on today's call that you could observe year-over-year cash margins increases and there's going to be noise around that as we go forward. And I won't say that every quarter we'll see an increase but, over time, as we move our portfolio to higher liquids percentages and change the geographies, that you're going to see an improvement in that cash margin.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, only just to be clear, then. I'm looking at first quarter '13 over first quarter '12, you're saying it's up 6%. How much of that was the gas price improvement?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Gee, I don't know. I don't think I've -- we haven't dissected to that and try to allocate it out to different components.
Operator: Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: I had a question for you, in the Gulf of Mexico. You talked about Shenandoah. And as I understand that you've got about 180,000 acres in -- primarily in the Green Canyon area where you have 100% and, I believe, the plants are to start drilling in that in 2014. I'm just curious if -- how we should think about farm-down potential there. Do you maybe have increased appetite to keep a higher working interest given the success in the area?
Matthew J. Fox: I think it's more likely that we would start drilling there in maybe 2015 than 2014. We've got some new high-quality seismic across that whole acreage position that you're referring to, and we expect to see some very high and -- good-looking prospects there. And until we get to the stage where we're ready to get them on the drilling program, that's when we'll think about if we went to bring someone in before we drill, to farm-in. So we haven't got to the stage of making that decision yet, but we really are quite excited about that zip code. This is definitely looking very good.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. Secondly, I guess it's on the natural gas side. I always view Conoco as having probably more leverage than peers to U.S. natural gas. And certainly, that creates some optionality. I -- obviously, we haven't heard anything on increased activity just yet, but is there a certain price that we should kind of earmark as -- say, $5 in Mcf, where maybe you would begin to increase in activity there?
Matthew J. Fox: We did have a lot of potential there transactionally. We're really focusing our investment just now on the liquids-rich assets. And of course, we get associated gas with that, so we benefit from the gas price there. And I would say that -- I wouldn't see us redirecting any capital towards gas assets until we're seeing it significantly north of the current prices, the...
Ellen R. DeSanctis: On a sustained basis.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. And I think that's the point to it: We'd have to get comfortable the prices have made some kind of move that is sustainable to a higher level.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: And Jeff, saying that, I'm assuming -- I mean, given your history, you're not the type to hedge, so I'm assuming that's not something you'd be looking to do...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's correct. You'd be -- you don't likely to see us hedge.
Operator: Our next question is from Brandon Mei of Tudor, Pickering.
Brandon Mei: Just on the Gulf of Mexico exploration plans. Obviously, you've got a lot going on there. But just wanted to get some color on how you see the new prospects and how they differ from what you've learned on Shenandoah and Coronado. And then secondly, I think you have one rig, operator rig, for Thorn. Just wanted to see if there's opportunity to increase that.
Matthew J. Fox: Yes. So we -- across our Gulf of Mexico portfolio, we've got a mixture of pliocene, miocene and then the lower tertiary. The majority of the increase we've been picking up has been focused on the lower tertiary. And then we do have some balance in the portfolio there. We have this operated wide single slot to drill the Thorn well, and then we have -- we're picking up a long-term rig contract with a new-build first coming in, in 2014, the beginning of 2014, and we're sharing that 50-50 with another operator. And we're currently evaluating our needs for more rig capability in the Gulf of Mexico and the deepwater rig capability in general. So we expect to be adding to our operator capacity here over the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess maybe just to beat the cash margin horse a little bit more. As you're looking at it, as we think over next, let's say, certainly the next couple of quarters where we're going to see the downtime issues plus the asset sales actually get completed, I know you maybe haven't broken it down by all the segments, as you said, between the prices and all, but as we think about those projects that you're selling, dropping away, a resurgence in activity off the downtime as we kind of look at, say, the fourth quarter and then on into '14, what would you expect to see on the cash margin side, I mean, understanding that the next 2 quarters may be a little bit obscured in terms of what you're actually achieving? And maybe how much of it is an improvement of dropping off the projects you're exiting?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so there's always so much -- there's always going to be a fair bit of volatility just based on what's going on with prices. So do you step -- you almost have to set that aside to start with. So if you think about what we said at our analyst presentation, we're kind of going from a mid-20s kind of cash margin today over the next several years where prices stay the same, that's kind of a low-30s type number. And that's being driven by new production coming online that's different. And new production has kind of happened on a favorably ratable basis over the next -- between now and 2017. You'll really start to see that happening for us kind of in the fourth quarter of this year as new projects start up and then also you're kind of ramping up on some of the Lower 48 assets as well. So it's going to be, if prices didn't change, then you'd see a fairly steady increase on our cash margins over that time frame, but I can't really tell you even how it's going to be in the second quarter or the third quarter. I think you were asking a question of, well, "How about the impact of things dropping out of our portfolio?" And you kind of are already -- seeing that already because we started reporting Algeria, Nigeria -- well, Kashagan didn't have any production right now, but we started reporting those assets as discontinued operations. So actually, having those sold, probably not going to change much from the presentation that you see today.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So I guess that was part of my question, that -- so the $26.53 in Q1 is the right sort of run rate going forward?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, yes. Right.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then as you think about Alaska, what would be the time frame in which you'd be able to reevaluate your existing projects or, let's say -- call, your inventory of projects and actually make it a decision going forward that we would maybe begin to think about Alaska as something other than a declining production province and something that could actually grow?
Matthew J. Fox: So Roger, we'll be doing that as we go through our planning process this summer and into the fall, in looking at how this change in the fiscal regime influences the competitiveness of the incremental projects that we can see there. And we'll put that in the mix. And I certainly expect to see us a onetime increase on investment in Alaska based of this change.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But if we think about budgeting this fall, given the time to get equipment up there and all, you'd really be looking at probably the winter of, I guess, '14, '15 to get more active?
Matthew J. Fox: In some areas, we can ramp up that quickly. That's pretty fast for somewhere like the north slope. But of course, if it's major projects and adding new phases of well site development or adding new drill sites and product or an NPR-A, these things take quite about longer than that and -- to get moving.
Operator: Our next question is from Iain Reid of Jefferies.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Couple of things. A couple of questions about Australia, to begin with, if you don't mind. On Poseidon, you've drilled several wells there now and also farmed it down. I wonder if you can say how close you are now to getting into, say, feed and what you're thinking about in terms of a potential development. Is it going to be a stand-alone development, or maybe tied back to something else? Obviously, Woodside recently pushed their browsing back a little bit now. So that was the first thing. And the second thing is, on APLNG. You've been trying to farm this out for a while, trying to farm down further than your current interest. Is there any progress on that? Or did the -- or the appetite of people for Australian coal seam gas kind of diminished a little bit compared to where we were a couple of years ago? That was the first 2.
Matthew J. Fox: So -- okay, so let's take Poseidon first. So to answer the questions, you were asking, what's the right development plan there, where should we take the gas. That's the whole purpose of the appraisal program that's underway just now. And we anticipate the appraisal program will be somewhere between 5 and 8 wells. So we'll be appraising all the way through this year and probably into early year. And the whole purpose of the appraisal program is to get us the data that we need to optimize the development plan. So yes, that's what we're about in Poseidon. On APLNG, we have said that we would be interested in -- at the right value to dilute a bit further in APLNG. That's not likely to happen this year. So we're -- that's sort of in the back burner for the time being.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay, last one is on the Chukchi. You've had to put that on hold for regulatory issues. What exactly are these issues? Isn't it knock on from what happened to Shell up there? And once you get drilling there, how do you kind of rank that region compared to other areas where you've been pretty successful recently, say, the Gulf of Mexico?
Matthew J. Fox: So in the Chukchi, the reason that we decided not to go out in there in 2014 was that we were in the cusp of having to make some very significant commitments for rigs, for vessels and so on. And we just felt as if there wasn't enough stability in the way that the regulatory framework was shaping up for us to be able to do that with confidence, knowing that we'd be able to get the permits and then go out there and actually drill when the rigs turned up. So we just felt that the prudent thing to do is to take a pause there and see how things -- see -- let things evolve a little bit before we decide to drill those wells. As far as the prospectivity is concerned, I mean, we still like the prospectivity in the Chukchi. There's a lot of potential out there. So we haven't given up on drilling in Chukchi. We just looked -- we said that we're not going to go out there in 2014.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So you're looking at a 2015 program, then. Is that the kind of way to think about it?
Matthew J. Fox: Yes, potentially. We've been -- really, what we have to understand is what the -- is make sure that we fully understand the regulatory framework and so that we know what we're getting ready for and make sure that we can be ready for that.
Ellen R. DeSanctis: And Christine, we're right at top of the hour. I want to respect everybody's time. We're happy to take -- Vlad and I are happy to take any additional questions you might have. I want to thank all of you for your participation. And enjoy the rest of the day. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Ellen DeSanctis – Vice President Investor Relations and Communications Ryan M. Lance – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Sheets – Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer Matt Fox – Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production
Analysts: Faisel Khan – Citigroup Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Terreson – ISI Group Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse Kate Minyard – JPMorgan John Herrlin – Societe Generale Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital 
Operator: Welcome to the Q4 2012 ConocoPhillips’ Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Christine, and good morning to all our participants today. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2012 conference call. Today you will be hearing from three of our executives; Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO will make some brief opening and closing comments to cover the full year 2012 results and some priorities for 2013; Jeff Sheets, our EVP and CFO will review the fourth quarter and the full year financial results including our segment financials; and he will be followed by Matt Fox, our EVP of Exploration and Production. Matt will review our year end reserves performance and provide some color on E&P activities for the fourth quarter in each of our segments. Please note that today’s presentation materials can be found on our website. A transcript to this call will be also posted later today, we hope not by tomorrow. And then in the final reminder on Page 2 of our presentation deck, you will find our Safe Harbor statements. We will be making some forward-looking statements this morning. Results could differ materially from the expectations we share today, and we’ve described those uncertainties and risks to our future performance in our Safe Harbor statements and in our periodic filings with the SEC. With that out of the way, I’ll turn the call over to Ryan Lance.
Ryan M. Lance: Thank you, Ellen, and good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Let me kick off the meeting today with a review of our key 2012 highlights and accomplishments. And certainly the strategic highlight of the year was the spin-off our downstream business, Phillips 66, which occurred in May. And following that transaction, we emerged as North America’s largest independent E&P Company. And we set out to combine our world-class assets, technology, financial strength and workforce with an intense focus on the E&P business. We laid out an ambitious goal to achieve both growth and returns, while offering a compelling dividend and we remain committed to that goal. Achieving this goal depends not only on executing or identified growth programs, but on executing a major divestiture program to high-grade asset base. And during 2012, we made significant progress on this program. We completed asset sales of $2.1 billion and recently announced agreements for an additional $9.6 billion of dispositions. These proceeds will give us the flexibility to fund our significant growth programs over the next few years. And a key part of our ongoing value proposition is to maintain a focus on our shareholders. We achieved strong shareholder returns during 2012, especially combining the performance of ConocoPhillips and Phillips 66. That strategic performance was matched with strong operational results. We met our volume targets in 2012 achieving a total annual production rate of 1.578 million BOE per day with growth on a continuing operations basis, and we are on track to deliver the plans we laid out in April of last year. We recognize that 2013 would be a low point in production and we expect growth in the fourth quarter due to major project start-ups and continued ramp up in our North American drilling programs. And this sets us up for our long-term 3% to 5% growth objective. We grow our reserve base to 8.6 billion BOEs and organic conditions this year were 942 million BOE, and that represents a 150% reserve replacement rate, a significant achievement for a company our size. Throughout the year, the business ran well, our major projects and drilling programs performed as expected, and importantly we built momentum in both our conventional and unconventional exploration programs and these are key to creating long-term value in this business. For the full-year, we generated $6.7 billion of adjusted earnings or $5.37 per share from continuing operations, and we generated $14.7 billion in cash from continuing operations excluding working capital. We returned over $8 billion to our shareholders; $5.1 billion of share repurchases and $3.3 billion in ordinary dividends. Our per share performance for the year reflects roughly a 10% reduction in share count compared to 2011. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, let me take a moment to acknowledge the hard work and the dedication of our ConocoPhillips workforce. Despite the year of major change, they maintained their focus on the business and they delivered on all fronts and I’m very proud of their performance and their commitment to our strong start as an independent company. So I’ll come back with some concluding remarks. So let me now turn it over to Jeff for the financial review.
Jeff Sheets: Thank you, Ryan, and good morning everyone. I’ll start with a review of our fourth quarter financial results on slide four. We reported adjusted earnings of $1.76 billion or $1.43 a share for the fourth quarter 2012. The special items this quarter that we excluded from our reported earnings from an Asian adjusted earnings included some asset impairments, certain tax items, and legal settlements, as well as adjustments for discontinued operations. These adjustments totaled $329 million, and the details can be found in the supplemental data that we provided with the earnings release. As a result of the announced agreements to sell our interest in the Kashagan Field and the Algeria and Nigeria business units, we accreted earnings and production associated with these assets as discontinued operations for the current quarter, as well as previous quarters. Adjusted earnings in the fourth quarter from these assets would have been $27 million during the quarter, or $0.02 a share, and our adjusted earnings per share would have been $1.45 without this change. The earnings chart and realized price data on this slide now reflect continuing operations for all the periods and except where we specifically noted, this is going to be our convention as we go through today’s call. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, our adjusted earnings were down by 14%, primarily due to lower liquids prices, higher DD&A expense, which was offset primarily by higher volumes. Our per share earnings in this year’s fourth quarter benefited from a 7% reduction in share count compared to last year’s fourth quarter. Compared to the third quarter, adjusted fourth quarter earnings were up 3% due to higher volumes and a slight improvement in realized prices. Production volumes for the quarter met our targets. We achieved solid performance across most of the portfolio and resumed production in several segments following the third quarter plant maintenance. The year-over-year average realized prices for the quarter were down about $3 a barrel, but up about $1 in the third quarter compared to fourth quarter. Our bitumen and NGL prices declined during the year and remained weak. In the fourth quarter, bitumen represented about 7% of our production in North American NGL has also represented about 7% of world wide production. Clearly, it’s been a significant amount of volatility and price markers through the year. But if you look across our overall portfolio, realizations were relatively stable. Finally, operating cost came in about as we expected them for the year. Now turn to slide 5 and I’ll review fourth quarter production performance. This waterfall takes you through the changes in production from the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to the current quarter. You can see the split here, production from continuing operations and from discontinued operations, and I’ll step through the key items here, and Matt is going to provide some additional details in his material. Total production from continuing and discontinuing operations was 1.607 million BOE per day in this year’s fourth quarter, which was in line with our expectation. So starting at the left of the chart, stepping through the waterfall, dispositions reduced production by 55,000 BOE per day compared to the fourth quarter last year. And those 2012 dispositions included Vietnam, the Statjford and Alba fields in the North Sea, some Western Canadian assets and NMG, a joint venture in Russia.
 : The largest component of this growth wedge is new production from our Lower 48, Eagle Ford and Bakken plays, and new production from our Canadian oil sands developments. Improved drilling programs and performance across our portfolio, the resumption of full production in Libya and some incremental volumes from the Peng Lai field in China also contributed to the growth in production. On a continuing operations basis, production for this year’s fourth quarter was 1.566 million BOE per day compared to 1.483 million BOE per day in last year’s fourth quarter when you adjust that quarter for dispositions. So this represents a 6% growth overall. And additionally, liquids as a percent of our portfolio from continuing operation increased between the two periods. So if you turn to slide 6, we’ll cover some production guidance for 2013. On the left of this chart is our 2011 total production of 1.578 million BOE per day. I want to take you to some of the adjustments that will result in a normalized 2012 production number reflecting production from only the assets that we expect to be in our portfolio for the entirety of 2013. First, we back out the 51,000 BOEs per today to discontinued operations, which again is the assets in Algeria and Nigeria. Next, we removed 70,000 BOE everyday which is the 2012 production generated by the dispositions that were closed during 2012. And earlier this month, we also announced the sale of our Cedar Creek Anticline assets, which we expect to close late in the first quarter 2013. So our analysis we back out our final 13,000 BOE per day, which represents production from this asset during 2012. So the resulting 2012 production of 1.497 million BOE per day represents the normalized year of the production performance of our go forward assets. So our 2013 outlook for production from these assets that will remain in our portfolio is a range of 1.475 million BOE to 1.525 million BOE per day. On the first quarter, we expect to still have Algeria, Nigeria, and Cedar Creek in our portfolio. Therefore, we provided you with the all in first quarter production outlook of 1.582 million BOE to 1.6 million BOE per day, which includes about 40,000per day for discontinued operations. The second and third quarters of 2013 will be negatively impacted by both normal seasonality and planned maintenance. But additionally, with some new projects coming on later in the year, we’ll have downtime associated with projects high-end. And then we expect fourth quarter 2013 production to return to levels near the first quarter total production, as new projects coming online make-up for the removal of production from discontinued operations. And this is consistent with the prior guidance that we given around hitting our production low point in the second or third quarter of 2013. Now I’ll turn to the segment slides and begin with the Lower 48 and Latin America, which is on slide 7. Production in this segment was 475,000 BOE per day this quarter, an increase of a prior period as we continue to ramp up production in our Lower 48 shale plays. Segment production increased 13,000 BOE per day or 3% sequentially and 31,000 or 7% compared to the same period a year ago. More importantly, liquids production grew 20% versus the fourth quarter 2011. We reached a significant milestone during the quarter in the Eagle Ford. Production exceeded a 100,000 BOE per day on a peak daily basis and averaged 89,000 BOE per day. In addition to the Eagle Ford, the year-over-year growth was achieved from unconventional drilling in the Bakken, new wells in the Permian, and improved well performance and optimization in the San Juan basin. While natural gas prices have recovered to levels closer to those in the fourth quarter of 2011, the weakness in crude and NGL prices drove earnings lower year-over-year and fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $157 million. Next, we move to the Canada segment on slide 8. In the Canada segment during the fourth quarter, production was 281,000 BOE per day, up 1% sequentially. And production was up 6% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, and this reflects five consecutive quarters of growth from our oil sands assets. Compared to the fourth quarter 2011, liquids in this segment increased 23% and natural gas production declined 7%. And overall, the portfolio mix shifted to 51% liquids from 44% liquids a year ago. This segment generated positive earnings of $32 million during the fourth quarter. Earnings benefited from both higher production and the stronger natural gas prices and these factors more than offset the impact of lower bitumen prices when compared to the third quarter. Weaker bitumen prices were the key driver and lower year-over-year earnings. We expect bitumen prices to remain weak for another quarter or so, until additional heavy refining capacity comes on line. So now, let’s move to the Alaska segment on slide 9. Production in Alaska was 222,000 BOE per day, up 46,000 compared to the third quarter. And this increase was primarily due to production coming back online, following the completion of major turnarounds in the third quarter. Production volumes were down about 6% from the fourth quarter of 2011 to 2012, primarily on just due to normal field decline. Sequentially, higher production resulted in a higher sales volume and this earnings benefit was partially offset by higher production related cost, including our petroleum production taxes and DD&A. Segment adjusted earnings for the quarter were $595 million. So for segments like Alaska, that are subject to lift timing differences between sales and production in any given quarter, we’ve now added a red line on these charts, which represent quarterly sales compared to quarterly production. So this should help illustrate of these timing differences. All these timing differences net out over time that do create quarterly earnings volatility. So in this quarter, there was virtually no impact, no timing impact for lift timing in Alaska, but prior quarters have been impacted. So, for example, if you look back in the fourth quarter of 2011, sales were nearly 40,000 BOE per day less than production, which result in lower earnings relative to the production level, and then we have the opposite effect in the third quarter of 2012, when sales exceeded production and that contributed positive to earnings. I’ll turn now to slide 10 and talk about the Asia-Pacific and Middle East segment. Asia-Pacific and Middle East continue to perform well during the quarter providing important diversification to our portfolio. Production in the segment was 322,000 BOE per day, up 16,000 per day, or 5% sequentially and up 32,000, or 11% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. The increase was primarily due to the resumption of Peng Lai production, where we also had new production for Gumusut project in Malaysia and Panyu growth project in China. As you can see from the production chart, production exceeded sales this quarter. This impacted segment earnings as earnings reflect sales volumes rather than production. We should also see a positive impact for the first quarter 2013 earnings from the reversely timing affects all other things being equal. Sequentially and year-over-year, earnings reflect the impact of lower realized LNG prices, which are linked to the Japanese Crude Cocktail or JCC prices. And these prices impact were partially offset by the benefits of higher sales volumes. Europe is the next segment and on slide 11. Production from the Europe segment was 216,000 BOE per day, an increase of 25,000. This increase primarily reflects the resumption of production following planned downtime at Aquitaine C Block during the third quarter. This quarter’s volumes were negatively impacted by unusually high unplanned downtime in the Southern North Sea and the East Irish Sea during the fourth quarter. Compared to the fourth quarter of a year ago, production declined due to normal field decline, unplanned downtime and dispositions. Sequentially, adjusted earnings of $388 million benefited from improved sales volumes and continued strong pricing in the segment. As a reminder, like the Asia Pacific segment, this segment provides important pricing diversification in our portfolio and future earnings should benefit significantly from major project start ups that are underway. These projects will mitigate declines and bring attractive margins with the growth. And I’ll cover our final geographic segment, the other international segment on slide 12. This segment is presented on a continuing operations basis, so it excludes Kashagan, Algeria and Nigeria which were previously reported in this segment. So the assets that are now in this segment includes Libya, Russia and our activities in Angola. Fourth quarter 2012 production from continuing operations was 50,000 BOE per day, up 26,000 for the same period last year and this increase was driven primarily by Libya coming back on line which more than offset the impact on NMG divestiture. Final reporting segment I’ll cover is corporate and other which is on slide 13. Adjusted corporate expense during this year’s fourth quarter was $177 million resulting in a full year adjusted corporate expense of $813 million. The full year performance was a little better than our expectations. As you recall from our update last quarter, the third quarter benefited from licensing revenue as well as some favorable FX impacts. During the fourth quarter, we issued $2 billion of debt at attractive interest rates and we used the proceeds from dispositions to pay down commercial paper and other maturing debt. So if you turn to slide 14, I’ll cover our operating segment margins and returns. The previous charts have discussed segment results on a quarterly basis and on this slide we show annual results for some key financial metrics. Adjusted earnings declined from $8 billion in 2011 to $6.7 billion in 2012, primarily result of lower prices, particularly for North American natural gas and NGLs and Canadian bitumen. And also, we are impacted by lower production levels, which were primarily result of our ongoing asset sales program. On a per share basis adjusted earnings declined to a lesser extent from $5.75 to $5.37, as a result of a lower share count due to the $5 million of shares repurchased in 2012. Our return on capital employed or ROCE numbers trended lower along with adjusted earnings and capital employed growing slightly from 2011 to 2012 as we are making significant investments to generate future production and margin growth. Cash contribution for BOE and income for BOE were also impacted primarily by changes in commodity prices, and we expect to see these cash contributions per BOE numbers to grow significantly over the next several years as we add production from assets with higher cash margins in the average of our current portfolio. And next, I’ll step through the company’s 2012 cash flow on slide 15. So just a quick comment about this waterfall that’s shown is just Algeria, Nigeria and Kashagan were part of continuing operations to provide some better comparability to analyst cash flows and our CapEx guidance. On this basis, we generated cash from operations to $15.2 billion, excluding working capital changes in 2012, which were a $1.3 billion use of cash. We also generated $2.1 billion in proceeds from asset disposition. We funded a $15.7 billion capital program and about $800 million of that was capital associated with Nigeria, Algeria, and Kashagan. The $5.5 billion shore show in the waterfall is discontinued operations related to the spin-up of Phillips 66, which includes the special distribution and all the other cash flows related to Phillips 66. Moving to the right on the waterfall, we repurchased 5.1 billion of our shares and paid $3.3 billion in dividend, so over $8 billion in total distribution to shareholders in 2012. Debt and other of $600 million include some deposits we received from our recently announced asset disposition. So summing across, we ended up 2012 with $4.4 billion of cash and restricted cash. And also just to note on the slide on the upper right, inside the box, our year-end debt was $21.7 billion, which represents a debt-to-capital of 31%. So that concludes the review of the financial results and I’ll turn the call over to Matt now for an update on our operations.
Matt Fox: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning everyone. I’ll begin the operation section with the company’s 2012 reserve replacement performance. We ended 2012 with just over 8.6 billion BOE of reserves, up 3% overall compared to 2011. Importantly, we added 942 million net BOE of reserves organically resulting in an organic reserve replacement rate of 156%. Our total reserve additions 497 million barrels came from Canada, as a result of project sanctions in the oil sands. Lower 48 was the second largest source of organic reserve additions with 293 million barrels and these are principally added from our Eagle Ford and Bakken unconventional programs and our Permian conventional programs. Over 100 million barrels were also added across the Asia Pacific segment. Our all-in reserve replacement rate was 142% and this takes into account the impact of dispositions completely during the year that reduced reserves by 83 million BOE. We’ll provide more detail on the reserve performance, including the costs in current and the forthcoming 10-K. We’re sufficed it to say that we are really pleased with these results and we believe that our 40 plus billion barrel resource base hold significant future potential to be converted from resource to reserves over the coming years. Now, I’ll review our operating segments and provide some detail on our drilling programs, growth projects, and conventional and unconventional exploration activities. I’ll cover some highlights from the fourth quarter and also update you on current activities and what we expect in the near future. Overall, our plans remain on track and the business continues to run well. So please turn to slide 17 for a review of the Lower 48 and Latin America segment. Performance in this segment is dominated by our ongoing success in the unconventional plays, especially the Eagle Ford. In 2012, the Eagle Ford achieved 70,000 BOE per day of annual average production and averaged 89,000 BOE per day in the fourth quarter. As Ryan and Jeff already mentioned, we also achieved the milestone of over 100,000 BOE per day of peak daily rates in the fourth quarter. This is a tremendous accomplishment and credit to the entire Eagle Ford team. During 2012, we adopted 17 rigs drilling the play. Late in the year, we began to reduce the rig count due to improved drilling efficiencies and the growing backlog of uncompleted wells, and we exited the year with a 11 operated rigs. We drilled 211 operated wells in 2012, and we now have a total of 313 wells online. In addition, we have 87 wells drilled waiting on completion and 40 wells completed and are waiting tie in. Completing and connecting this backlog of wells is a key focus in 2013 along with achievement held by production status. We expect to complete the drilling phase of Acreage Capture by mid 2013 and we will reach field held by production status by year end. During the year, we’ll gradually phase into a 100% pad drilling in the play with full pad drilling expected in 2014. On the infrastructure side of the business, we currently chuck virtually all of our light crude barrels from Eagle Ford, but we are working diligently to access connections to pipelines for direct sales. In addition, we are actively adding infrastructure such as stabilization facilities that will remove light ends allowing us to get our light crude barrels to pipeline spec and maximizing our capture of NGLs. Recently in the Eagle Ford, we and the industry have been experiencing inconsistent and higher than normal back pressures in the gas gathering systems, which have created variability in our daily production rates. We expect these constraints to be significantly reduce over the coming months. Moving to the Bakken, we produced 24,000 BOE per day in the fourth quarter and we exited the year with 9 rigs operating in the play. In 2012, we completed a total of a 187 operated and non-operated wells. We have 34 operated wells waiting in completion and 14 wells ready to tie in, and we continue to be excited about the future of this play. In the Permian, we hold a really strong legacy conventional position. In 2012, we averaged 50,000 BOE per day of production from our conventional assets and we added 98 operated wells and 50 non-operated wells to production. In the Permian, we are also testing several unconventional plays in the Midland and Delaware basins. Notably, in 2012, we drilled nine wells in the Wolfcamp with encouraging results. We also completed the 3D seismic survey across our Midland basin acreage, and we expect to continue drilling and testing Permian unconventional plays in 2013. We haven’t talked much about our activity in the Niobrara unconventional play. So we have now built over 130,000 net acres and what we believe is a sweet spot compatible to the [war-torn] area about half of this acreage was added in the fourth quarter. And as shown in the map, it’s a contiguous position that provides scale benefits and development flexibility going forward. We’ve drilled six Niobrara wells in 2012 and recently completed a new 3D seismic survey across our existing acreage. This is a developing play and production results to be encouraging and that will be an important part of our exploration and development program going forward, we’ll provide more detail at our Analyst Meeting in February. Moving to the Gulf of Mexico, we continue to grow our deepwater position there. During the quarter, we were awarded 20,800 acres in the central Gulf of Mexico lease sale, and we were also a pattern high bidder for 348,000 acres in the western Gulf of Mexico lease sale. These additions bring our current deepwater position to over 1.9 million acres making us the sixth largest acreage holder in the Gulf. I’m not sure everyone recognizes just as substantial our position we have developed here. Currently, we’re drilling two partner operated wells in the deepwater Coronado and Shenandoah. Hummer a low-cost fireman was declared the dry hole in fourth quarter. We expect this quarter first operated well in 2013, the Thorn prospect, which will be an exciting milestone for the company. Finally, we announced the sale of our Cedar Creek Anticline asset for over $1 billion. This is an opportunity to divest the decline in conventional asset that didn’t compete for capital in our portfolio. We expect this transaction to close in the first quarter. So please go to slide 18 and we will talk about the Canada segment. The Canadian oil sands assets continue to operate extremely well. Weaker bitumen pricing this quarter has impacted margins, but operationally these assets are delivering strong volume growth. Our oil sands production exceeded 100,000 BOE per day in the fourth quarter of 2012 making us the second-largest SAGD producer in the oil sands. Currently, we’re executing seven major projects across our FCCO joint venture and Surmont. We recently sanctioned Narrows Lake Phase A and Christina Lake Phase F. We are progressing construction on the large-scale development of Surmont Phase II. Moving to our Western Canada business unit, we continue to focus our drilling activities on the liquids rich and light oil plays in our portfolio. Currently we are running 16 rigs drilling on our held by production acreage that are focused on liquids proven place such as the Montney, Glauconite and Cardium. We’re also testing other unconventional exploration opportunities within and outside our core areas in Western Canada. For example, we’re currently drilling in the Duvernay play where we have a 112,000 net acres. We drilled and completed one horizontal well recently and are currently drilling a second well with three additional wells planned for this year. We also have drilling underway in our 120,000 net acre position in the (inaudible) play in the Horn River area. Finally, in the Canol play in the Central Mackenzie Valley, we have 216,000 net acres. We plan to drill two vertical wells early this year to test the significant potential of this oil shale play, and we have two horizontal wells identified for drilling next year. In summary, our Canada segment continues to operate extremely well. So let’s finish out the North American segments with Alaska on slide 19. Full Alaska production resumed in the fourth quarter following successful third quarter turnarounds, and this segment continues to generate steady performance for the company, and is benefiting from development innovations using coiled tubing drilling or CTD and 4D seismic that are helping to offset natural field declines. For example, in the fourth quarter we drilled – what we believe is the first ever Octo-lateral CTD well. That’s a well with 8 different horizontal sections that was guided using a high-quality 4D seismic survey. In the fourth quarter, we sanctioned the Alpine West CD5 Project and expect production to startup in 2016. As we mentioned before and you’ve seen in the press, we are working with other producers in Alaska to evaluate LNG exports from the North Slope. The producer group has been evaluating development concepts and assessing the cost of major project components for various alternatives, and completion of this phase of work is targeted for the first quarter. We continue to invest around $1 billion a year of net capital for maintenance activities and infield exploitation programs across the North Slope, and we could make other significant investments in Alaska, but they will require more competitive state fiscal terms. Let’s move to slide 20, the Asia Pacific and Middle East segment. Our Asia Pacific and Middle East operations are running well, and we are progressing several major projects in this segment. This is an area of significant growth for us over the next five years with most of the growth coming from Malaysia and APLNG. In Malaysia, we achieved first oil from Gumusut in November, utilizing an existing floating and production storage in our floating facility at the Katy field. This facility will be used until our dedicated floating production system is completed later this year. We expect to reach peak production from Gumusut in 2014. In early October, we also sanctioned the Malikai project, where we expect first production in 2017, and development activities also underway in Siakap North-Petai and KBB projects. Also in Malaysia, we recently executed the production sharing contract for exploration Block SB311 offshore Sabah. This block covers about 250,000 acres and we are the operator with a 40% working interest. The PSC has a three-year exploration period with the work program of seismic and two exploration wells. In China, Peng Lai averaged 43,000 BOE per day of net production during this quarter, and at Panyu we brought on nine growth wells in the fourth quarter. The growth development remains ahead of schedule and we expect to add about 8,000 BOE per day between now and 2014 as we drill additional wells from Britannia platforms, and this new production is expected to more than offset decline to Panyu. Also in China, we recently announced the joint study agreement with Sinopec to access shale gas opportunities in Qi Jiang Block in the Sichuan province. The block covers an area of approximately 1 million acres, and the study will be carried over two years, including seismic and drilling obligations. In Qatar, we secured new long-term LNG sales commitments in the fourth quarter, and we now have about 80% of QG3 LNG production linked to crude prices under long-term agreements. In Australia, our APLNG project remains on schedule and we intend to provide a more fulsome update on the development of the APLNG at the February Analyst Meeting. On the exploration front, drilling continues in Australia. In November, we spudded the Zephyros-1 well, the second of the five-well appraisal program at Poseidon and in the Canning Basin, we are drilling a second exploration well to test as a 11 million acre position. So this is a very active segment for us just now and we are excited about the development and exploration opportunities here over the next several years. Please turn to slide 21 and I’ll provide an update on our Europe segment. In Europe, we are focused on progressing our major projects in the UK and Norway. Operationally, the UK had a challenging quarter due to unplanned downtime in the East Irish Sea, Southern North Sea, Britannia and Clair. This downtime accounted for an average of 23,000 BOE per day that was off-line in the fourth quarter. The East Irish Sea is still shut in, but we think once your facility is upgraded, it should be completed in the second quarter. On a positive note, our Katy field development in the Southern North Sea was completed in December and gas production came online in January. We expect peak rate production of about 5,000 BOE a day from this field. In addition in the UK, the Jasmine and Clair Ridge developments are in execution with first production at Jasmine expected in the second half of this year. First production at Clair Ridge is targeted for the second half of 2016. Moving to Norway, the Ekofisk South and Eldfisk II projects are progressing as planned. The Ekofisk South, the topside structural sections are being completed and first production is expected at the end of this year. Eldfisk II is also on track to production startup at the end of 2014, or early 2015. These projects are running smoothly and our base operations in Norway continue to perform well. Finally, in Poland, we are continuing our exploration drilling program in 2013 as operated on a three Baltic were western concessions. Just a note, we have significant downtime in 2013 within this segment as we tie in new projects to the Ekofisk and J-Block production platforms. However, we expect to exit the year with very strong growth from these developments. The final segment I will cover is other international on slide 22. There was a lot of activity in this segment during the fourth quarter. We announced sales agreements for Kashagan, Nigeria and Algeria. We expect these transactions to close in the middle of this year. On this slide, we’ve shown 2012 average production rates and year end 2012 results for these assets. During the fourth quarter, Nigeria was severely impacted by flooding in the Niger Delta and you can see in this lower picture. The flooding began in late October and fourth quarter production was impacted by about 13,000 BOE per day, and first quarter production will also be impacted by this flood related downtime. In Angola, we secured a rig for our plants to drill four exploration wells starting in 2014. The seismic results in our Angola blocks are really encouraging and we look forward to getting underway on drilling in this significant new exploration opportunity. I will conclude my prepared remarks by reiterating the things you heard consistently this morning. We are focused on safely executing our base business while successfully funding our growth program. We are seeing the benefits of our conventional and unconventional exploration programs, and we continue to progress on major projects across the globe. Now, I will turn the call over to Ryan for some closing comments.
Ryan M. Lance: Thank you, Matt. So please turn to slide 23 for some summary comments. I’ll conclude today’s remarks with a quick review of our 2013 priorities. These are not going to be a big surprise as they are continuation of the priorities we set for ourselves during last year. Our highest priority is to focus on safety and operations excellence. And this is an imperative and it’s a priority we take to heart at ConocoPhillips and throughout the company. We made significant progress on our strategic divestiture program in 2012, but we still have work to do. Importantly, we have to complete and close these divestitures which are expected to generate about $9.6 billion of proceeds. And these proceeds will largely be directed toward executing our drilling programs and our major growth projects. As we have told you throughout the year, we have identified projects in hand and underway that will materially change the growth trajectory of our company over the next few years, and it’s important that we execute on these activity. It’s also important that we advance our exploration activities globally in both our conventional and unconventional portfolios. 2013 and 2014 are important years for testing the opportunities that we’ve captured. And certainly last but not least, we’ll maintain our commitment to shareholders by continuing to offer a unique value proposition that delivers growth, margins and a compelling dividend. Finally a reminder, we’ll have our first Analyst Meeting as an independent E&P company in New York on February 28. That meeting will provide more detail on our company’s plans for the future and our long-term priorities for value creation. So thank you for listening.
Ellen DeSanctis: We’ll turn the call now back to our operator to begin the Q&A process. Thank you, Christine, and thank you participants.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question is from Faisel Khan of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could clarify the 2013 production guidance, it looks like it is going to be relatively flat and certainly the market seems a little bit disappointed today in that number. But going back to your previous slides from last year, you did show a dip in expected production in 2013 internationally, and growth in the Lower 48 and North American production. So can you just clarify what’s going with production and how you see it this being a bottom in the year and I have a follow-up after that.
Matt Fox: Thanks for the question Faisel. I think the production guidance is really pretty similar to what we have given in the past. We knew that 2013 would be the low point in our production for the year. So I’m not sure what additional guidance we can have other than what we’ve given on the call at this point. What we’re trying to do is just make it clear now that the asset disposition program has become a little bit more into focus than it has been in the past. Just what the production levels are going to be as part of our portfolio long term. So we’re trying to layout with this production guidance this morning. I think part of the – we’ve been, we anticipate being pretty successful in our asset disposition program. So we’re probably at the high end of what we have – what some people have had – probably have in their models for the amount of production that’s going out on dispositions as well.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. Go ahead.
Ellen DeSanctis: Faisel, let me jump in here quickly, this is Ellen. I appreciate again the question. If you look at what we had in April for 2012 and what we had in April for 2013 and you kind of averaged it over the couple of years, it ends up being that we were – that the timing of divestitures actually ends up slipping from 2012 a little bit to 2013. And so if you look at it on a couple of year basis, it ends up being really right on guidance. I think a way to think about this is exit rate to exit rate. Think about 4Q this year, the number just provided is sort of 1510, they had the noise out of this quarter compared to the fourth quarter to get to this guidance we provided. It will be very significant growth in quarter-over-quarter 2013 to 2012. We’ll provide all of these updates at the Analyst Meeting, but I think of it as the divestitures stayed in the portfolio in 2012 a little bit longer, and exit rate to exit rate is going to be higher because of the timing startups.
Ryan M. Lance: Yeah. So I think as an important point is that, we are going to start seeing production growth in 2013 particularly late in the year or we have startups happening in the North Sea and the continued ramp up in oil sands continue to ramp up in the oil shale and right and plus the startup of projects in Malaysia.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Great. And just one other question, on the capital program, it looks like (inaudible) in – on slide 15 that are roughly $800 million in capital was associated with the asset divestitures in 2012. Is that roughly the same number in 2013?
Jeff Sheets: It’s probably a little lower than that in 2013. But it really much depends on when assets actually end up leaving the portfolio. So it will be all through the year. We kind of need to be giving updates on how we see the capital program playing out this year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. The last question from me, bitumen prices were extremely low in the fourth quarter. Is there any plans for you guys to try to evacuate that production by other means and pipelines to get a higher realization?
Matt Fox:  I think there applies a little bit of long term, there will be moves to faint alternative markets for bitumen from the Canadian oil sands. I think that’s a strategic comparative of the Canadian government, not just the bay oil companies’ work in the oil sands, so we will see that happening over time. Of course, this is a short-term issue that we’re facing just now, very much associated with refining constrains like BP is fighting refinery. So don’t expect these daily rate differentials to be sustained for more than in the next few months. In the long term, other markets will be developed.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay, fair enough. Thanks guys.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Faisel.
Ryan M. Lance: Thanks, Faisel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning everybody.
Ellen DeSanctis: Hi, Doug.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I have a couple of quick ones please. Jeff, could you – you gave us the earnings numbers associated with the discontinued ops, but I guess to Faisel’s point looks like there was over $800 million of spending associated with those assets. Can you help us with the operating cash flow impact? And if you could clarify whether or not the 15.7, 15.6, 15.7 target for this year for spending assumes the asset sales are out for the whole year, or if not number – not just higher a (inaudible) end of the year. And I have a quick follow-up please.
Jeff Sheets: So the operating cash flow numbers again – so the discontinued operations are Algeria and Nigeria. And I don’t think we have – we’re not going to be disclosing particular operating cash flow numbers for each of those segments. The capital is mostly a good outcome of Kazakhstan during 2012 – the number that was in 2012, I think that was probably the half of two-thirds of the number that was in – on the $800 million. As far as what’s in for 2013, we are pursing a lot of different capital projects with fairly heavy spend. And there is going to be several things that could impact what our capital program ultimately been, ends up being at the – in 2013 as we execute on those projects. And timing of dispositions is really just one of those items. So we’ve assumed certain timings, but as I said on the answer to the last question, we’re just going to need to be kind of continually updating that as we see the year develop.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Jeff. I guess my follow-up is a – I guess relates to the exploration program, just to put some context around this, German had spent the last decades, trying to secure resources and build up very large drilling inventory I guess. And obviously, there is a lot of spending to achieve that, but now you are in a position where you are still underfunded relative to your CapEx and your dividends that you are spending, $2 billion to $3 billion in exploration. Can you help us with the logic of why that’s the right thing at this point given the $1.5 billion write-off in 2012, why that’s the right strategy at this point given that you should have theoretically had a lot of resource, and I’ll leave it there? Thanks.
Ryan M. Lance: Yeah, Doug, this is Ryan. I think as we look out and think about the future opportunity, I think with this unconventional revolution that we are seeing in North America right now, and some of the technology advances in the deepwater arenas that are becoming pretty perspective. It’s kind of in my view turn from a bid of resource scarcity that was leading to a lot of merger synergies over the last 10 or 12 years and resource capture into a view now. But the resources aren’t so scares, and there is a bit more abandon, certainly on the unconventional side in North America, what the technology is doing to improve the oil sands performance in Canada, and then what innovation and technologies done on the deepwater side. And we just think that growing organically, there is the opportunity set to go do that and the option value associated with growing organically is, we thought better in our portfolio then trying to do that through an M&A channel, or some resource access that way. So we think it’s important for the long-term growth. What the last 10 years did for this company is created a 40 billion plus barrel resource base and we’re investing in that resource base right now. As we look forward into the future over the next 10 years, we see the exploration and the organic growth being more a driver to our other growth and development of the company.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the answer, Ryan. Thanks.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Good morning, everybody.
Ryan M. Lance: Good morning, Doug.
Ellen DeSanctis: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: My question is one the mix shift that appears to be underway, the company meaning, but the size – there are profitability in the United States, it appears that there is going to be some positive mix effects overseas too. And on this point, my questions is, whether the earning from the discontinued operations, which I think we’re listed is close to zero for 2011 and 2012, or the actual clean operating numbers. And also, do we have any updated information on the tax implications of the $10 billion of proceeds from those sales? I mean what I’m trying to get to is, what is the approximate earnings loss and return for the $10 billion of pre-tax proceeds that you likely to receive?
Ryan M. Lance: Well, the fourth quarter was a challenging, again (inaudible) is Algeria, Nigeria and Kashagan assets, which of course not in operation yet, income or cash flow from these assets. So the adjusted earnings as we mentioned from these assets were $0.02 a share or $27 million during the fourth quarter. That was probably a particularly low number though because of the impact that Matt talked about in the flooding in Nigeria impacted Nigerian operations. But they weren’t significantly higher than that in the previous quarters in the year also. We generate cash flow a little bit higher than income in those, but we are also reinvesting capital as well. A long way of saying Doug that we don’t really anticipate that moving those assets out of our portfolio would change our cash flow from operations very significantly.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: And Jeff do you have any insight for us on the tax implications of these divestitures. You highlighted $10 billion of sales proceeds and doing out the cash proceeds might be?
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, the cash proceeds are going to be close to the numbers that we’ve highlighted. These transactions [currently] may be very tax efficient.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Great. You’re a great value. And also I have a question for Ryan, Ryan you’ve spent a lot of time in Alaska and it seems like there is moment on the new fiscal regimen up there. So my question is, whether or not you feel that just most recent movement is real and if so whether or not the investment opportunity could be meaningful for the company.
Ryan M. Lance: Yeah, I do. I think Fed conversations with Governor Parnell over the course of last year and leading up to the session that started in January here in Alaska and he understands the lack of competitiveness and the fact that the current taxing system really takes away a lot of competitiveness instead of other Alaskan opportunities out there. So I think he is serious about trying to push something through the legislature. I think he has proposed some fiscal on the oil side, he has put a proposal out there. I don’t think – it’s going to be a tough hall through the legislature, but I also think that the – people are noticing and we’ve said as a company that we would be prepared to ramp up our investment if it got more competitive with the changing fiscal system in Alaska. Part of that side I think to the work that we are doing on ANS Gas as well and progressing the work on a potential LNG project. So part of that’s tied into some of these as well, but I’m probably slightly encouraged, but it’s a long way till May when the session ends.
Doug Terreson – ISI Group: Great. Thanks a lot.
Ryan M. Lance: Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Ellen DeSanctis: Good morning.
Ryan M. Lance: Good morning.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank:  I’m sorry to be confused about this, but if I look at the slide 6 and you may well have explained this and I apologize, but the normalized 2012 is 1,497?
Jeff Sheets: Right.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: And then the outlook is 1,475 to 1,525. Is that the comparable number that we should think about when we are trying to get to your 3% volume target that we were looking from it? I think the point is that the idea was to – in order to balance cash against dividend and then CapEx, you would be growing volumes and margins at around, I think it was 3% per year each. Shouldn’t I just be looking at that normalized number and then looking at the outlook and wondering where is the 3% growth?
Jeff Sheets: I think we’ve been – we try to be clear in all the presentations that we’ve given. The 3% to 5% is a multi-year target and the 2013 would probably be the low point in our production going forward. We still feel like the 3% to 5% production growth long-term is the right measure for us.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. So I guess the point that you previously made is that, I shouldn’t be thinking about 2013 growth, why shouldn’t I have been thinking about 2013 growth, yeah.
Ellen DeSanctis: Three to five we always kind of characterize as of a low point.
Jeff Sheets: So you will begin to see evidence of production growth as we are rolling towards the end of 2013.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Yeah. And that’s the high margin Malaysian barrels that will begin to road towards the cash in, cash out balance?
Jeff Sheets: It’s there. It’s also start up of the Jasmine project in the UK and then startup of projects in Norway as well, combined with the continued ramp up in the Lower 48 and the oil sands.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Just to change tax lightly and you may want to wait for the Analyst Meeting to talk more about this, but there is an open question right now about business models amongst big oils and whether or not your global deepwater type operations and activity really fit well with U.S. unconventional. Could you give your perspective on the business mix, particularly business mix at this scale which is so differentiated in terms of its sheer size against any of the EMP? Thanks.
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, it’s a good question. I think as we look at our portfolio, we’ve been doing this for quite sometime. As a company, we’ve got large project capacity and capability. So we have got the capacity to make and execute these large projects globally around the world. And we’ve also got a business model that really at – its basis is multifunctional integrated teams and we’ve had a separate Lower 48 organization for the last number of years that has demonstrated its ability to run and execute an exploitation model or manufacturing model. So when I look at the organization, Paul, I look at a group, or we can compare ourselves to the smaller independents weather it’s Eagle Ford or Permian or Bakken, we look across the fence line and we’re competing and we’re in a low quartile position relative to how those folks are executing their plans. And then we have the capacity to build very large projects around the world whether it’s LNG, oil sands, deepwater projects, Al Sabo or in the Gulf of Mexico here at home. So I think it had the diversity, the diversification, the global part of the portfolio just adds a lot of capacity and something that we are interested in. So we like the mix of high deliverability and scalable recourse and that’s what we’re building in the company.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks very much.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning, everyone. Just coming back to the longer-term growth, I mean, I guess this 1.8 billion barrels a day in the longer-term is still intact as the shale and the international projects come on stream in 2016?
Ryan M. Lance: That’s correct.
Ellen DeSanctis: That’s correct.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: Yeah. And then how many rigs you got running in the Permian for this year?
Matt Fox: In the Permian, I’m not sure how many we have run in the Permian. But right now we are focused on the Permian on two things conventional developments, with a significant amount of activity going on in conventional, and we have one or two rigs drilling up the testing the unconventional plays in the Midland and Delaware basin. The exact rig count is, now I don’t have it on top of my head in the Permian.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: Okay.
Ellen DeSanctis: Yeah, Ed, we’ve got on the conventional, we’ve got – we exited the year with four rigs running and then we’ve got – we’ve announced, we’ve got rigs running testing some of the unconventionals as well, but that would be – we ran, that’s about our run rate for the year four to five.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: And when I look at the 1.8, I mean how much roughly in volume terms are you including say from the Permian from this Niobrara sweet spot or from the Canada non-conventional plays that you are testing this year?
Ellen DeSanctis: We’ll go through all that Ed at the Analyst Meeting. We’ve shown you throughout the year our multi-year production levels from all our segments and we’ll provide that as well as bit of a deeper dive into our sub play production outlooks as well. So if you can hold on for that, would appreciate it.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: Yeah, I’m just trying to gage when I look at that 1.8, how much additional shale upside there is beyond the 1.8, like I still have to wait for that until the Analyst Day.
Ellen DeSanctis: There is a lot of upside depending on the pace of the program is the way to think about it. What we have in here right now, what we’ve had since April is actually we’ve laid it out pretty carefully, it assumes a capital, it assumes a steady ramp in these and so what remains is how quickly do we go at these programs.
Ryan M. Lance: We’ll feed you more in February Ed.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: Right. And then on the disposal side, I mean, obviously, great execution so far and I guess with the cash proceeds coming in there’s no pressure to be aggressive on some of the Canadian oil sands or further equity in APLNG. But I just wondered if there was any update on the timing of those potential sales, whether they were still in your thought process.
Jeff Sheets: Thanks, Ed. We now still continue to look for options to diluted APLNG and reduce some of our Canadian oil sands exposure. We have a very large position up there that we know we won’t move forward developing some of that a 100%. So now we’re still looking at those options, but haven’t obviously announced anything yet.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks very much.
Ryan M. Lance: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kate Minyard of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kate Minyard – JPMorgan: Hi, good morning, everyone. Just a couple of questions; the first one just for clarification in terms of just modeling the year going forward, I know you talked about the downtime in 2Q and 3Q, and also you have indicated that, you’ll give some more clarity around the 2013 production guidance at the late February Analyst Meeting. But can you just talk a little bit about in terms of modeling the quarters out correctly, maybe to the extent of the downtime in some of the regions in 2Q and 3Q? I mean are there any countries where we will be looking at assets being off-line for an entire of either of these quarters. Can you give us a sense as to kind of the magnitude of the difference in some other regions?
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, the area where we had a segment, where we have the biggest differential downtime compared to normal activities is in Europe. And this associated with tying in the new growth projects at Ekofisk, Eldfisk, and Jasmine. So, for example, in Ekofisk, we’re going to see about 70% more downtime than we usually see, so maybe 28 days of downtime Ekofisk. In Eldfisk, we’ll see close to two months of downtime for the Brownfield activities and use to go on to tie-in Eldfisk II. And then a G Block where we are tying in the Jasmine project, and we’re going to have over a months of downtime there, whereas typical downtime would be about 14 days at G Block. So the differential downtime is mostly in Europe and associated with these tie-ins. Is that helpful, Kate?
Kate Minyard – JPMorgan: Yeah. No, that’s very helpful. Thanks very much. And then just looking at – just kind of some of the margin growth going forward, you’ve talked about margin improvement across the portfolio coming from factors such as mix shift and controllable costs. We also saw a cash margin contribution on per BOE basis that declined about I guess almost 10% or so from 2011 to 2012. I know lot of that’s related to lower natural gas pricing, lower NGLs, and lower bitumen in North America. But can you talk about the factors that would be driving the further cash margin improvements, how much of those factors actually manifested, what you were able to control as we move from 2011 to 2012 that may have just been dropped by some of the commodity price shift, and what we will be looking for in 2013 as we look for an uptick in cash margins.
Jeff Sheets: Cash margin growth very much is going to follow production growth. Because you think about what we’re doing in our portfolio is, we’re adding new production in areas where the margins are higher than our current production. So you haven’t really, you haven’t seen margin growth yet, because you haven’t really seen production growth yet. So as we continue to add production in the Lower 48 as we add, as we startup LNG projects, as we startup the Malaysia projects, as we startup these projects we were just talking about in the North Sea and you see increased production that’s when you really are going to have noticeable margin growth as well. This year, I think as you’ve just correctly summarized, we did see the degradation in cash margins over 2011 to 2012, but that really is driven primarily by the significant drops we saw in natural gas prices and NGL prices, and bitumen prices. So when we always talk about margin growth, we talk about margin growth if you – whatever prices (inaudible) the same prices are constant across time that we would see per barrel margins growing in this 3% to 5% and that’s again is over a multiyear time period as we bring on these growth projects.
Kate Minyard – JP Morgan: Okay, all right. And then just one final question, I know you talked about the F&D estimate potentially coming later, but can you give us a sense as to how it might compare with 2012 – excuse me with 2011 directionally or how it also might compare with the cash contribution per BOE that we saw in 2012. And I’ll leave with there. Thanks.
Jeff Sheets: So that’s another item that I think we would just say that we will give you some updates in February. You also see some of this as we file our 10-K in late February as well. We’re kind of working through those numbers now. So may be we’d rather just give that guidance in February.
Kate Minyard – JP Morgan:  Sure. Okay, thank you very much.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Kate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Reed of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Ryan M. Lance: Morning, Roger.
Operator: Roger, if you are on mute, can you un-mute your phone? Okay, we will move on. The next question is from John Herrlin of Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: Good morning. Three quick ones. In 2011, you ended with about 29% of your proven reserves – Conoco’s proving reserves being PUDs. You booked a lot of unconventionals this year. Can you say approximately how high your PUD count will rise because historically Conoco has been very under booked these years?
Jeff Sheets: So with our – the booking that we announced today, PUD percentage is about 35%.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: Okay. So you’re still under that line?
Jeff Sheets: Yeah. And this is actually dominated by the oil sands.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: Sure.
Jeff Sheets: That represents about 60% of our PUDs, but we think more detail will become – before coming on that.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: No, that’s fine, you’re still under. Regarding benchmarking, that Ryan mentioned in the unconventional plays, could you be a little bit more specific on how you are doing inside the Eagle Ford and Bakken vis-à-vis a lot of the smaller entities.
Ryan M. Lance: Again, that’s something that we are going to get more in-depth analysis on the end of next month in the Analyst Meeting. It may be a bit too much detail for the call, but we will get more detail at that time.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: Okay, well, it’s worth of shot. Last one from me is Angola, you said you ran seismic, you’ve processed some of the seismic, how fixed its out there for the pre-salt plays, I’m just curious.
Matt Fox:  On the top of my head, I don’t know the thickness. They clearly is – it’s got similarities to the Brazilian side. I mean, they were together, they were paying all those, this was the positive. So the number on top of my head, I don’t know. The seismic though is looking very encouraging. I think you are aware of this, just issues and graphic on that slide we’re just outboard of the Cameia discovery. So we know we have a working petroleum system, the seismic looks encouraging from the potential of identifying these carbonate buildups that perform the play on the Brazilian side of the margin. So we are encouraged and we are looking forward to getting drilling there.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: Okay, great. That’s it from me. Thank you.
Ryan M. Lance: Thanks, John.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: We’ll take one more question operator. We’re running a little long here, but let’s take one more.
Operator: Our last question is from all Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions, several quick one. Ryan, in addition to you guys still looking at oil sand and APLNG maybe diluting the interest on, is there any other major offset that you guys still considering or there is pretty much that the other sales program would be largely done at this point?
Ryan M. Lance: Well, Paul, we’re always looking at the portfolio and making sure that the assets that we have in the future investments that are in those assets compete in the portfolio. So its things like see Cedar Creek Anticline, there was an opportunity that presented itself or we got for value. We looked at the future investments in that particular asset. They made more sense to the purchaser than they did to us, didn’t compete in our portfolio. So even though it wasn’t – one that was identified and we have talked about, it was an opportunity where we got – where we feel like we got full value and got to redeploy the – we will redeploy those proceeds into capital opportunities that are higher returns for us going forward. So we’ve talked about wanting to reduce our oil sands footprint a little bit and some further dilution at APLNG, we’re still working on those but any other specific asset size would be premature to say anything about that.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  Along that line, one of your smaller competitor in activeness that has some firework recently, and I think one of the suggestion from the activeness is that maybe that is better off that you put up the company between the share volume which we will be having a much higher multiple in comparing to the rest of the company. And one may argue that, that could potentially also apply to ConocoPhillips that the oil sand and the shale oil will be higher multiple. I suppose that based on the way you answered previous question, this is not an option that you guys believe is attractive to you; just want to make sure that we understand.
Jeff Sheets: Paul, we’ve – I appreciate it. We all read the papers these days and see what’s going on. I think as we came out as an independent company we laid out our plans. We told the shareholders what we’re trying to do to grow this company and improve the returns and still they have compelling dividend back to the shareholders. That’s what we’re focused on as executing our plan. We think we’re on the front end of that plan. We delivered in 2012. I think the shareholders should be pretty happy with what we did in 2012. We realized we’ll reach a lower point in our production in 2013. We set that all along, because we said, we’re going to core up the portfolio and sell some assets. We look at our future. We look at the investments that we’re making in the growth projects that we talked about today. Those are compelling investments that are high return. They’ll move our margins, they’ll move our growth. And then we’re doing some exciting things on the exploration side. So we think there is exciting future. We think diversification globally and amongst all these different resource types and asset types is an important for our company our size.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Okay. Final one from me, I guess for Matt, Matt, if I look at this year, 2012 reserve replacement, excluding oil sand for the rest of the portfolio, I guess we are facing about 82%. Any idea that over the next couple of years, should we assume some of 400 million to 500 million fell a year of the reserve addition from oil sand? Is it a reasonable one way or that 2012 is somewhat unique and we’re going to see a slowdown on that addition way?
Matt Fox: So the bookings in the oil sands essentially flow of the project sanctions. And so as we – and that seems to be lumpy dependent on how we go – as we go through the project development thesis. So we wouldn’t expect the – to be consistent at all over the next several years, there will be lumpy as we go through the project sanction fees. We do have a significant remaining resource plays in oil sands that hasn’t been converted to reserve shale. But we don’t expect a consistent booking from year-to-year, because has to follow the project sanction.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Sure, and based on the project backlog that do you think the next couple of years that the reserved booking maybe substantially less or above the same or just going to be higher?
Matt Fox: I mean we expect to replace more than a 100% of reserves, and as we go forward, as we develop the oil sands, the unconventionals and the other projects we have in our portfolio that is not going to be consistent from year-to-year. But over the long run, we’re going to place in more than 100% of reserves for the next five years.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Paul. Let’s go ahead and wrap it up here. I appreciate everybody sticking around a little bit. As a reminder, we will be in New York on February 28, and we look forward to seeing you there. Ryan and I are available for any further follow-up questions that you might have and appreciative your time. Operator, we are ready to winded up here.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ellen DeSanctis – VP, IR Ryan Lance – Chairman and CEO Jeffrey Sheets – EVP, Finance and CFO Matt Fox – EVP, Exploration and Production
Analysts:  Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse Doug Terreson – ISI John Herrlin – Societe Generale Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Faisel Khan – Citigroup Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil Paul Cheng – Barclays Pavel Molchanov
Operator: Welcome to the Q3 2012 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dan and I will be your operator for today’s call. (Operator Instructions) Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President Investor Relations and Communications. Ms. DeSanctis, you may begin.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Kim, and good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to the ConocoPhillips Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today you’re going to hear from three of our senior executives: Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO, will cover the third quarter highlights and provide an update on our strategic goals and priorities; Jeff Sheets, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will review the third quarter financial results, including our segment financials; and we also have Matt on today’s call. Matt is our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, and he’s going to review the E&P activities in each of our segments. Please note today’s presentation materials can be found on our website and a transcript of this call should be posted by no later than tomorrow morning. And finally, we will be making some forward-looking statements during today’s webcast. Our results may differ materially from the expectations we share today, but we’ve outlined these uncertainties and risks to our future performance in the Safe Harbor Statement shown on Page 2 in the slide deck that you should have access to at this time, and also in our periodic filings with the SEC. Now it’s my pleasure to turn our call over to Ryan.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I’ll begin my comments on Slide 3 and cover some of our key third quarter highlights. This quarter marked an exciting milestone and our first full quarter as an independent E&P company. As you saw from this morning’s release, we posted strong performance this quarter and hitting our numbers is critical to achieving the goals we set for ourselves. Really a special thanks to our employees will continue to step up and deliver. We continue to make progress on our divestiture program. Completing this program will improve our portfolio, reset our base for future growth and add financial flexibility to the company. In the third quarter we generated about $0.5 billion of proceeds from asset sales, including our interest in (inaudible). And we continue to advance our progress on other assets. Year-to-date we have generated $2.1 billion in proceeds from asset dispositions. A key part of our strategy is to grow organically. Our exploration program continues to build momentum both on the unconventional and conventional sides of the business, and Matt will talk more about these program shortly, but I’m pleased to see these for grabs gaining speed. Operationally, we achieved the high end are estimated production range for the quarter at 1.525 million barrels equivalent per day. This performance represents an important milestone for ConocoPhillips. We achieved 3% year-on-year volume growth when adjusted for dispositions. Key production highlights include ongoing strong performance from unconventional assets in the lower 48, especially the Eagle Ford and lower oil Sands in Canada. In addition, compared to year ago this quarter benefited from the resumption of production at Peng Lai and in Libya. Our major projects are also progressing as planned, and Matt will provide additional color on these in his comments. As I move to the financial themes, we generated $1.8 billion of adjusted earnings or $1.44 per share. Our diversified product mix and geographic mix continues to buffer us somewhat from ongoing weaker North American natural gas and NGL prices. Excluding working capital we achieved $3.9 billion in cash from operations. And finally we improved our balance sheet this quarter, lowering the debt-to-cap ratio to 31% from 33%. So in summary, we had a strong quarter strategically, operationally and financially. We stayed focused and delivered on the aspects of the business that we can control. Now if you turn to Slide 4, I’ll quickly address the state of the business and how that our focus areas and priorities for the rest of the year and into 2013. First and foremost, the business is running well. We completed our worldwide seasonal turnaround activities on time and on budget. Our major projects and drilling programs are on track to deliver volume and margin growth. These include our lower 48 and unconventional resource plays as well as our major growth projects in the Canadian oil Sands the North Sea projects in the U.K. and Norway, APLNG and our Malaysian deepwater prospects. These are the major prospects that underpin our long-term goal is to deliver 3% to 5% production growth and margin expansion at flat prices. As I mentioned a minute ago, our exploration program is continuing to gain momentum. We’re currently testing several unconventional and conventional opportunities and are advancing others quickly to the drill-ready stage. Earlier this week it was announced that we acquired slots in a sixth generation rig to begin executing on our operated deepwater Gulf of Mexico program by 2014. Again, we are focused on completing our strategic asset disposition program. We have several packages on the market and expects some of these assets will take a little bit of time to divest, but we’re being patient, and we remain committed to getting the program done at acceptable prices. We believe we’re on track to deliver the $8 billion $10 billion of proceeds by the end of 2013. So with a quarter to go in the year, we now believe our capital spending will come between $15.5 billion and $16 billion a bit lower than we guided to in the second quarter. Where we end up in this range depends on whether or not we find attractive opportunities to add unconventional acreage between now and year end. We continue to be opportunistic in the market for acreage that fits well in our portfolio. Maintaining our balance sheet strength is essential. We continue to keep a close eye on our financial position to ensure that we have the flexibility and the capacity to execute our plan. And finally, we remain committed to our stated strategic goals of profitable growth and sector-leading returns. I believe this gives a good quarter and gives good evidence that we’re executing on the parts of the business that we control and have projects and programs in hand to support these goals. So now let me turn over the call to Jeff for a financial review.
Jeff Sheets: Thank you, Ryan, and good afternoon, everyone. I’ll start out the review of our third quarter results with Slide 5 which shows our total adjusted earnings and prices. Will go through the detail in each of our segments in subsequent slides and I’ll defer the operational detail and updates to Matt. Total adjusted earnings were $1.8 billion this quarter compared to $1.5 billion in the prior period and $1.9 billion in the third quarter of 2011. Third quarter 2012 adjusted earnings excludes special items related to net gains on asset dispositions, changes to tax laws in the U.K., pension settlement expenses and some other items. Details of these special items can be found in the supplemental data provided with our earnings release. Our production came at the high end of the estimate we provided last quarter. Total sales volumes for the quarter were in excess of production resulting in a favorable impact to earnings of approximately $80 million, and we’ll discuss these details as we go through the segments. Sequentially prices weren’t a huge driver in earnings. North American gas and bitumen prices increased while domestic crude and NGL prices decreased. Despite increases this quarter, North American natural gas prices remained challenged and this impact – we continue to offset this impacted by shifting our investment towards liquids production. Operating costs were consistent with our expectations. Let’s turn to Slide 6 and talk about our total production. Production of 1.525 million BOE per day was in line with our expectations. Stepping to the waterfall, dispositions reduced production by 53,000 BOE per day compared to the third quarter of last year. The dispositions included Vietnam, step here at Alba and some Western Canadian gas assets that as the Naryanmarneftegaz joint venture. Down time was heavier than normal this reducing production by 49,000 BOE per day compared to the same quarter last year. We had major turnarounds this quarter in Alaska and in the U.K. Growth more than offset base decline, accounting for 256,000 BOE per day of new production with the majority of the growth coming from the lower 48 shale plays and our oil sands assets. We also had considerable production increases over these periods from Libya and China. In summary, volumes were up 3% adjusted for dispositions, but importantly the 3% growth was largely driven by a 7% increase in liquids production as shown on the dark blue bars on the slide. As we announced though this morning, we now expect our full year 2012 production volumes to average between 1.57 million and 1.58 million BOE per day. Now I’ll turn to the segment slides beginning with the lower 48 and Latin America on Slide 7. Production in this segment was 462,000 BOE per day this quarter, an increase over prior periods as we continue to successfully ramp up production in our lower 48 shale plays. Total liquids production in the segment increased 21% over the same period a year ago while natural gas production decreased 3%. A year ago liquids represented 40% of our production in this segment. In the third quarter 2012 liquids increased to approximately 46%. We expect this liquids percentage to continue to grow and drive our margin expansion over time. During the quarter production was 76,000 per day it Eagle Ford with 79% liquids and 29,000 BOE per day in the Bakken with 88% liquids. Total production of 102,000 BOE per day from these two plays has doubled compared to the same period last year. Compared to the second quarter the increased liquids production along with the 26% increase in realized gas prices contributed positively to earnings in this segment while continued declines in NGL prices negatively impacted earnings. Despite the sequential increase in natural gas prices, the segment earnings continued be impacted by generally weak natural gas prices. Next we moved to the Canada segment on Slide 8. Canadian production was 277,000 per day in the third quarter with the growth over prior periods being driven by the ramp-up at our oil-sands assets. Liquids production increased 30% year-over-year, while gas price decreased by 6%. And this shift will show up as improved margins over time. Canada reported negative adjusted earnings this quarter, largely reflecting ongoing weak natural gas prices. However, earnings were improved compared to the second quarter as natural gas and bitumen prices improved quarter-over-quarter. We also saw the WTI, WCS differential improve late in the quarter and the price of diluan decrease and this resulted in an overall improvement in pitchman netbacks. And it should be noted that despite the negative earnings the Canada segment continues to generate strong cash flow. Now let’s move to the Alaska segment on Slide 9. Production in Alaska was 176,000 BOE per day this quarter, down 39,000 per day but in line with our expectations. This production decline was largely due to major turnaround activity all across our assets on the north slope. The impact of lower production on earnings was offset by sales from inventory this quarter and these sales from inventories contributed approximately $120 million to the Alaska segment’s earnings. As a result, adjusted earnings of $535 million were roughly equivalent to the prior quarter and improved from a year ago. I’ll now turn Slide 10 and talk about the Asia Pacific and the Middle East segment. Asia Pacific and Middle East continue to be a strong performer for ConocoPhillips and provides important diversification to our portfolio. Production in the segment was 306,000 BOE per day during the third quarter. Both the Vilumunden field and they Darwin Allen Value plant were fully online this quarter after being down in the second quarter for planned maintenance. Production continue to ramp up at Peng Lai, increasing 20,000 BOE per day over the prior quarter. We exited the quarter with net production of 45,000 BOE per day and we expect to maintain this level of production during the fourth quarter. However, we had again in Alaska on the left side from sales of inventory. Asia Pacific and Middle East earnings were adversely impacted by about $60 million related to lift timings. Europe’s our next segment and we’ll just cover that on Slide 11. Production from the Europe segment was 191,000 per day during the quarter, a sequential decrease of 45,000 per day. Natural-field declines, down-time, and asset dispositions contributed to the lower production this quarter. Down-time resulted in 28,000 BOE per day impacts, primarily from planned maintenance at the Duty, east IVC, and Britannia platforms. The majority of production that was off-line during the third quarter due to down-time should be back online during the fourth quarter. The disposition impact was about 8,000 per day from Startured and Alba. So adjusted earnings of $299 million declined versus the prior quarter, primarily due to the slower production. It’s important to note that we benefit in the portfolio sense from having exposure to the stronger pricing in this segment. Now I’ll cover our next and final geographic segment, the Other International on Slide 12. So I’ll remind you that this segment includes our assets in Russia, the Caspian and Africa. Production was 113,000 BOE per day, basically maintaining the same level of production that we’ve seen over the past couple of quarters since Libya came back online. Adjusted earnings of $124 million this quarter were helped by favorable settlements of certain tax items. Prior-quarter earnings were negatively impacted by higher taxes, exploration expense, and adverse foreign-exchange impacts. The earnings were also impacted by the sale of NMNG in mid-August. So at the time of the sale, NMNG was producing about 11,000 BOE per day and was diluted to earnings. The final reporting segment I’ll cover quickly is our Corporate and Other segment on Slide 13. Adjusted corporate expense during the quarter was $139 million. This is lower corporate expense then we expect to see going forward as the quarter benefited from licensing revenue as well as some favorable foreign-exchange impacts. For the company overall, total foreign exchange was not a factor in the total quarter’s earnings. For the year, we estimate this segment’s expense on an adjusted basis to be about $850 million. We repaid $2 billion of debt during the quarter bring the total debt outstanding to $21.1 billion. At the end of the quarter, total debt-to-cap was 31%, and our long-term target remains to be 25% to 30% range. If you turn to Slide 14 I’ll cover our operating segment margins and returns. Charts on this slide summarizes our key financial metrics for the quarter. On a year-over-year basis all four metrics were negatively impacted by lower North American prices as well as our overall realize price declined by about $5 per BOE compared to the third quarter of last year. Our income and cash contribution per BOE were helped this quarter by the inventory sales in Alaska, but also reflected the operational and portfolio improvements that we’re starting to make as a company, and over time we expect these metrics to improve as we deliver on our growth programs, our margin expansions and our continued focus on returns. So I’ll wrap up my remarks on Slide 15, which is our third quarter company cash flow. As Ryan mentioned in his opening comments, we generated $3.9 billion in cash from operations is quarter excluding working capital. Working capital was a $412 million use of cash. We also generated $522 million proceeds from asset dispositions. We funded a $3.7 billion capital program bringing our year-to-date capital program to $11.9 billion. We paid out roughly $800 million of dividends and reduced debt by about $2 billion. During the quarter excluding working capital our cash from operations and proceeds from dispositions funded our dividend payments our capital program, and we used our restricted cash to pay down debt. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion of cash equivalents and restricted cash. Our balance sheet and financial situation remains strong. We’re well-positioned execute on our program. Importantly we have capacity and flexibility to fund the programs that will generate volume and margin growth going forward. That concludes the review of our financial results, and I’ll now turn the call over to Matt for an update on our operations.
Matt Fox: Thanks, Jeff. I’ll take us back through our operating segments and provide some detail on our drilling programs, growth projects and both our conventional and unconventional exploration activities. I’ll cover some highlights from the third quarter, but also update you on current activities and provide some color of what expect in the near future. I’ll start with the lower 48 and Latin America segment on Slide 16. First, I’ll focus on two key areas, the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. In the Eagle Ford we have about 230,000 net acreages, and our acreage is largely located in the Condensate Fairway, which the industry recognizes as the best part of the play. We have 14 rigs running in the play today. In the third quarter our production averaged 76,000 BOE per day, and we achieved a peak production rate and 86,000 BOE per day. In the fourth quarter we expect to achieve the peak rate of 100,000 a day as we continue to drill and pick up wells. And we are actively adding infrastructure in the play to create value. For example, we’re adding stabilization facilities, like the ones shown on the top left, to remove light ends, maximize our light crude sales at pipeline spec and to maximize or capture of NGLs. We should have an entire Eagle Ford possession held by production by the end of 2013, and that’s important because it allows us flexibility to find new technologies and thoughtfully determine the most capital efficient way. Switching now to the Bakken, we have more than 620,000 acres in this liquids rich play that’s all held by production. We exited the quarter with the production rate of 26,000 BOE per day, and as a result of incremental takeaway capacity from new rail facilities, we’ve ramped up from five to eight rigs, and we’ll see the benefit of this increased activity in the fourth quarter and in 2013. We also have significant exploration activity underway in other unconventional plays in the lower 48, including the Wolfcamp and the Delaware and Midland Basins, the Avalon Shale, the Louis Shale in Wyoming, the Niobrara and the Mancos in the San Juan Basin. We expect our results in these place by early next year. And I should note that these are just a few of the opportunities we’re evaluating in our vast lower 48 land possession. We continue to identify other potential plays where we can acquire unconventional acreage at the low entry prices. Moving onto Conventional Exploration, we have some significant activities underway in the Gulf of Mexico Deepwater and continue to build a portfolio of future opportunities there. Just for some context, we have 1.5 million Deepwater acres in the Gulf making ConocoPhillips the sixth largest Deepwater acreage holder there. Our initial strategy for this area has been to participate in non-operated wells by building a COP operated portfolio. Currently we’re building two non-operated wells, the Coronado prospect and the Shenandoah appraisal well. We’re also just about to spud a third well, Humber. It’s a supply and exploration well. And we anticipate four additional exploration wells spudding in 2013 along with the Tyber appraisal well. And the potential for additional appraisal wells exist if we have success with our exploration wells. So we’re really excited about our 2013 program in the Gulf of Mexico. Our long-term strategy is to build an attractive operated lease position that will allow us to drill three to six wells a year. And to advance our operating program that was announced on Tuesday that we’ve secured access to a new Deepwater drillship to use across our operated portfolio starting in 2014. Please go to Slide 17 and we’ll talk about the Canada segment. Our oil sands assets in Canada are a big part of our growth story. In fact, we are currently the second largest SAGD producer in Canada with 23% of total SAGD production. And our assets continue to perform well. Christina Lake, Phase D reached first production in July, three months ahead of schedule. Foster Creek is performing well. And Surmont Phase I achieved record production in September. As a result, third quarter bitumen production was 92,000 barrels per day net, after royalty. And we expect production to average over 100,000 barrels a day in the fourth quarter. Continued expansion in FCCL is ongoing and construction of Surmont Phase II is progressing towards first production in 2015. Surmont is a large-scale development. When it’s ramped up to full production the project will produce at a gross annual average rate of 110,000 BOE per day, equivalent to about 3 typical FCCL phases. And we continue to expand. For example, the sanction the Narrows Lake Phase A and Christina Lake Phase F are anticipated by year-end. The application of new technology is critical to the development of SAGD because it can add significant value due to the size of our resource base there. So we’re starting an enhanced SAGD pilot in November. And we’re actively testing several other technologies that will increase rates and reduce steam/oil ratio. Moving to our Western Canada business unit, here our drilling program is focused on liquids rich and light oil opportunities in our portfolio. And we’re also drilling or planning exploration wells in several of our unconventional plays in Canada including the Duvernay, Montney and Horn River. In addition to that, we’re preparing for a winter exploration program in the Canol oil play in the Northwest Territories where we hold more than 200,000 net acres. And like the lower 48, we hold a significant amount of land throughout Western Canada that’s held by production. And we believe some of this acreage could be prospective for additional tight oil and share liquid plays. So let’s finish out North America with Alaska on Slide 18. Major turnarounds were successfully completed at Kuparuk, Britto and Alpine this quarter. In fact, Kuparuk was completed 14 days ahead of schedule. In October the ConocoPhillips Board approved the North Slope’s Alpine West project also known as CD5. The project is now pending patent approval, which we expect in November and production will start from Alpine West in 2016. As you may seen in the press, we’re working with the other producers in Alaska to evaluate LNG exports from the North Slope. The Producer group has been focusing on narrowing down development concepts and assessing the cost of the major project components. In the Chukchi Sea we’re targeting drilling the Devil’s Four prospect in 2014. Now this prospect is in the 155 feet of water. So it can be drilled with a jack-up break with service BOPs and a prepositioned capping device on the seafloor. We continue to invest around $1 billion a year of net capital such as Alpine West and infill drilling programs across the North Slope. Significant additional oil development and opportunities exist contingent upon more competitive state fiscal counts. So let’s move to Slide 19, the Asia Pacific & Middle East segment. We produce more than 300,000 barrels per day from this region and it’s an area of significant growth for us over the next five years. We continue to make progress with the Australia Pacific LNG project. The project remains on track with premise, scope and cost and is on schedule for the mid-2015 start up of train one and 2016 start of train two. Now we track project progress in three main categories here: upstream, midstream and downstream. In upstream all major contracts for gas processing and water treatment plants and associated gathering systems are fully executed and module fabrication and drilling are progressing. In midstream the main pipeline work is in progress with right-of-way clearing, grading and pipeline streaming proceeding as planned. The downstream development of the LNG at Crackus Island is also proceeding as planned with engineering progress ahead of schedule and all construction access, dredging and mainland facilities completed in third quarter. At Poseidon Boreas-1 was a successful appraisal well reaching target depth on September 18 with encouraging results. The well was drill stem-tested at just over 30 million cubic feet a date against a flowing tubing head pressure of 3,300 psi. Drilling operations will now begin on the second well of the program in November, and this is part of five-well appraisal program that we will conduct over the next two years. In the Canning Basin we drilled and cored our first well. The well was drilled to about 12,000 feet, and 1,400 feet of core was collected. This is the first of a three-well program that will be completed by mid 2013. In China our net production at Peng Lai reach 45,000 BOE per day at the end of the third quarter, and production should remain fairly steady at that level for the remainder of the year. The first well at our Panyu Growth project came on in late September. Current Panyu production is about 8,000 barrels of oil per day net, and this project will add another 8,000 barrels per day between now and 2014 as we drill additional wells from the two new platforms. We now have four major projects in execution in Malaysia: Gumusut; Seacap, North Bohai; KBB in Malikai which were recently approved. First oil is expected from an early production system at Gumusut in the fourth quarter of this year. SNP in Gumusut full production will start in late 2013. The start up of the others will be staggered between 2014 and 2017. We’re also working on several other project developments in Malaysia and we have the potential to significantly grow this business over the next five to 10 years. Due to recently renegotiated gas sales contracts in Indonesia we will see significant increases to our realized gas prices for both on the Tennessee Block B, sales to Malaysia and of Corridor block sales to the Indonesian domestic market. Now these price improvements positively impact the value of both assets and increase the attractiveness of additional investment in these PSEs. Finally in this segment, conventional exploration in Bangladesh. There we’ve completed shifting seismic and we expect to complete the processing this year. Please turn to Slide 20 and I’ll provide an update on our Europe segment. We are focused on progressing our major projects in Europe. In the U.K. we completed a major turnaround at Judy that included preparing for the tie-in of the Jasmine project, and we installed the associated pipeline and jackets. Development drilling results at Jasmine are exceeding expectations and we expect first oil in the second half 2013. In the U.K. we’re also planning a five-well exploration and appraisal program at Greater Clair. In Norway we installed jackets, bridges and bridge support for the Ekofisk South project and commenced pre-drilling activities this quarter. We’ve also progressed modifications to existing facilities on Ekofisk and Eldfisk in preparation for tie-in of the new facilities. First production for Ekofisk and Eldfisk II are expected in late 2013 and late 2014 respectively. In Poland we exercised our option to acquire a 70% interest in Lane Energy and assumed operatorship of three Western Baltic Basin concessions for an additional exploration well that’s currently being drilled. The final segment I’ll cover Other International on Slide 21. As we mentioned earlier, we completed the sale of our 30% interest in NMNG. Our Libya production returned to pre-conflict levels. The third quarter average was 47,000 barrels per day. Additionally the fire and gas seals agreement was executed in early September, and this will result in a production increase of about 4,000 BOE per day for the rest of 2012 and going forward. In Kazakhstan, Caspian production is expected to be online in the first half of 2013. We completed our seismic on Angola blocks 36 and 37. Air blocks are immediately outboard of the Camia discovery in block 21, and we’re encouraged by what we’ve already seen in the seismic. Drilling is expected to start in 2014. I’ll conclude my prepared remarks by reiterating the things you’ve heard consistently today. Operationally the team is staying focused on executing the base business while successfully funding our emerging growth programs. We’re also seeing the payoff from the past few years of opportunity catcher, both in our unconventional drilling programs and our conventional major projects. Our expiration team is done a great job, not only building up our opportunity set, but advancing our current inventory to a drill-ready stage. So I echo Ryan’s early comments about how much there is to look forward to over the next few quarters and beyond. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Ryan for some closing comments.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Matt. If I could get you up to turn to Slide 22 for some summary comments. The most important takeaway I think from today’s call is that the business is running well and that our plans are on track, and I’m pleased with our performance in our first full quarter as an independent E&P company. We remain highly focused on executing our major projects and our drilling programs, and we’re also building and testing our conventional and unconventional exploration portfolio. I think Matt’s overview should give you confidence that we’re making strong progress on these activities. We’re also executing on the strategic asset disposition program. When complete, these asset sales will improve our portfolio and create financial flexibility. This flexibility is core to our strategy, and you’ve heard from Jeff that maintaining a strong balance sheet is and remains a top priority. The bottom line, our long-term value proposition remains unchanged. We believe we have the portfolio and the programs to deliver 3% to 5% growth in production and margins with improving absolute financial returns and a sector leading yield. This is our commitment, and we’re on track to deliver it. We’re also committed to keep you updated on our progress. We expect to announce our 2013 capital budget in December and our year-end reserves and financial results early next year. And finally I’d like to encourage all of you to save the date for our first Analyst Meeting as an independent E&P company. We’ll host our meeting in New York on February 28 and will provide a detailed update of our strategic plans for growth and value creation. So thank you for your interest and participation this afternoon, and we look forward to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time we have a question from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Hey, everyone. Congratulations on the results. It certainly feels that confidence in 2016 growth and that margin improvement is building. I guess I have a question just looking beyond 2016. I mean as you look across the portfolio, do think nonconventional shale is enough? Or what should we focus most on do you think in this sort of pre-drill potential of the offshore portfolio?
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Ed. I appreciate the comments. I think as we look out beyond 2016, that’s the work that we’re alluded to in the operating update is working both on the conventional and in conventional side of the Expiration business. So I think you watch both those spaces globally, in the Gulf of Mexico deepwater and in North America, and we hope globally in the unconventional space as well. We’re working that pretty hard right now to load up the inventory for the latter half of this decade.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: And then a sort of more specific question just coming in on that Eagle Ford, obviously you’ve got some good production performance there. Can you just remind us what acre spacing you’re planning your production on? And any IP targets that are behind that target? Because it feels like if you’re already about 100 about 110,000 barrels a day guidance on 2013 that the well performance or the efficiency or something is changing that means you’re ahead.
Matt Fox: So we have that 230,000 acres in total and we’re currently thinking that the ultimate spacing will be about 80 acres, so that’s what we’re planning for. And that results in about 1.8 billion BOE associated with the play. But we have pilot tests going on, several pilot tests going on in Eagle Ford where we’re testing different technologies and different spacing. So that might change over time as we learn more. Our IPs have continued to be in the order of 1200 plus barrels a day. And we’re seeing strong IPs compared to the industry average. We think the completions are working well there.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: And just to confirm those IPs, what time period?
Matt Fox: 30 days.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Right. Yeah, they would be pretty good. Okay. Thanks very much.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ed.
Matt Fox: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson – ISI: Good afternoon, everybody, and congratulations on your results.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Doug.
Doug Terreson – ISI: Ryan, you mentioned a minute ago that the underlying production growth was 3% in Q3. And it looks like we’re going to have another 3% gain in Q4. So the first question is whether or not that’s your expectation for Q4 as well? And then second, obviously higher production is important. But your profitability and returns were near the highest level of the year during the third quarter as well. So I wanted to see if you could specify some of the functional and/or geographical drivers behind the improvement in the returns as well?
Ryan Lance: Well, thanks, Doug. Yeah, we gave you kind of a range for the full year and expect us to come kind of in that range pretty well. So you can see the growth is coming in the fourth quarter. And I think as we look across the portfolio, we came out of the turnaround season pretty well. We’ve added rigs in China and Libya, in the Canadian business unit and then the ramp-up in the unconventionals in the U.S. are providing a lot of the production growth that we’re seeing in the third and the fourth quarter. And then those areas are also as we see prices bouncing around, differentials bouncing around as well, those areas have largely led to the income and the margin improvements that we’re seeing as well. Primarily China coming back in the growth and both North American unconventionals and the Canadian oil sands.
Doug Terreson – ISI: Okay. And then also, administratively, the exit rate for NMNG was 20,000, 25,000 barrels per day. Is that about right?
Ryan Lance: No, the exit rate was probably closer to 11,000 for us.
Doug Terreson – ISI: Oh, okay.
Ryan Lance: So, yeah.
Doug Terreson – ISI: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Doug.
Matt Fox: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John P. Herrlin from Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: Yes, hi. Just some quick ones. With the Eagle Ford, how long are the laterals? And how many drilled but unfracked wells do you have currently but inventoried?
Ryan Lance: The laterals are typically 5,000 feet. I don’t know how many off the top of my head how many we have drilled and then not hooked up yet. But we have quite a few that we’re waiting to hook up over the next quarter and at the end of Q1.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: Okay. That’s great. In terms of your expenditures, if you’re going to split it between conventional and unconventional, is 40% a good estimate for unconventional? It’s CapEx exposure?
Ryan Lance: Yeah, that’s a reasonable next move if we were going under unconventionals in our planning.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: Okay. Last one for me is Poland shale. You’ve had other companies exit. Why are you optimistic?
Ryan Lance: Well, we still see potential in that sort of pari-Baltic region of Poland where we’re drilling just now. The time will tell. We’re testing a different part of the play, moving a bit farther north towards the Baltic with the oil that we’re drilling just now. And so we’ll see how that works out.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: Thanks, Matt.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Hi, everyone. Just right at the end you said something I just wanted to clarify which was that you’re targeting a sector-leading yield? Can you just kind of run through that? Because it’s not actually on the slides that I see.
Ryan Lance: Well, I think as we think about it, Paul, today we’re yielding 4.5% or so, given where our stock price is. And as we think about our peer group as a mix between independents and the major integrates, we think the yield that the dividend will underpin for the stock will be at the upper end of all that peer group. Now some of that European integrates will be a little bit higher, but we are relative to a mix of peers in the integrated and the independent side, we think it’s one that falls at the top end. And it’s an important part of our value proposition. We’re committed to maintaining that kind of a dividend.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: So you’re committed to maintaining the yield at the higher end of the range?
Ryan Lance: Well, I mean the yield will – we expect the stock price to grow, so the yield will probably come down a little bit. We’re committed to maintaining the dividend that we’ve announced and where we’re at today.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: You guys have got an Analysts Meeting next Feb, right? I’m just not quite sure about the dividend policy, because I think you’ve got dividend as your top cash priority, and you have said that you want to grow the dividend, I’m not sure exactly what you said on the percentage aim for that if anything? Then I guess the yield is not, with all due respect, not quite what you meant. Because obviously it would be a different thing if you were targeting a better class or upper range yields.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, so Paul, what we’re talking about is, what we said, is we’ll allocate 20% to 25% of our cash flows on an ongoing basis back to the shareholder and we’ll do that primarily through the ordinary dividend. And we expect over time as our production grows and our margins grow, that our cash flows are going to grow as well, so I think what we say is we ought to expect modest increases in the dividend as we go forward over the next five years and deliver on the program that we’ve outlined to the market. We probably won’t grow as fast as what the dividend has grown over the last ten years in the integrated company, but as we look forward over the next five as our cash flows grow and our margins grows, so shall our cash flows grow. And our commitment to our shareholders remains the same. We’re going to distribute that percentage of our cash back to them.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Yeah, that’s great. I understand now.
Ryan Lance: And the yield will be, hopefully the share price will increase and the yield might come down a little bit.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Sorry, I was just picking you up on that. But it wasn’t actually written down so I couldn’t be sure. I understand now. Just my second follow-up. Back to the Australia LNG, you kind of started down the road of explaining where we were on costs and progress. Could you just remind us what the total project cost is expected to be, when the critical moments are for activity? If I give you an example, Chevron’s global project will have its peak activity level next Q2 2013? Could you talk about where, if you’d like, where the level of risk lies on the timeframe going forward and where you see the overall project costs? And you began to break that down between your three segments of where the costs lie. Can you talk a bit more around those and I think you talked about the extent to which you were contracted but I was wondering if you could go through some completion levels and so on. Thanks.
Ryan Lance: I’ll let Matt jump in as well. We’re still at a two-train $20 billion project for APL and GMX. That’s upstream, downstream, midstream all combined up. We haven’t seen any indication. That’s with without FX considerations which might move around a little bit over the course of the next four of five years as we complete the scope. I’d say we’re ramping up to peak kind of rates. I think we probably hit there into 2013 and into 2014 is when we start with our peak manpower both on Curtis Island and what we’re doing on the upstream side of the project as well.
Matt Fox: The project is on track in terms of the progress. The critical path’s intact and we’re quite comfortable with the way things are working just now on the APLNG.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: And given the critical path, when will be the maximum points of risk over the next coming quarters or whatever?
Matt Fox: As we go through the critical path for example, one of the things on the critical path there any LNG project is typically the LNG tanks themselves and they’re ahead of plan. We basically were to the critical path, there’s always the sort of individual milestones that you want to meet, but we’re comfortable that we’re on track to do that.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: And if we roll that up into the completion numbers so far, where would we’d be? I think you might’ve said that actually, sorry.
Matt Fox: Project completion number as in the capital cost?
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Yes. Exactly. What percentage is kind of done?
Matt Fox: Percent complete just now for the total project is about 20% I think.
Ryan Lance: 20% to 25%.
Matt Fox: Yeah, maybe it’s 22%. But it’s that order of magnitude.
Ryan Lance: Jim?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Ryan Lance: Hello, Faisel.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Hi. When we look at what’s going on in North America today, there seems to be a lot of asset transactions taking place. I just want to get your guys’ update on acquisitions? I know you’re divestiture plan is fairly straightforward, but I just want to get your update on how you’re thinking about? Also acquisitions, given all the transactions we’ve seen of late? And then I have a follow-up after that.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, thanks, Faisel. I think of the acquisition side we’re mostly focused on acreage acquisitions and have been over the last year so. I think we added a bit over 700,000 net acres to the portfolio in the last year. So what we’re focused on is trying to identify these unconventional plays early so we can be a very early mover and get into more of the ground floor type of opportunity rather than getting in after pilots have been done and the resource then derisked and drilling has started to occur to develop it. The price goes up pretty dramatically when you reach that stage. So our effort has really been focused on the organic side and capturing our opportunities early.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: And in the Gulf of Mexico, are you pretty satisfied with your position? If assets were for sale, would you take a look at them?
Ryan Lance: I don’t think we’re ever satisfied with our position. We continually look for opportunities to improve it or consolidate our positions and bulk up what we like and farm out what we don’t like.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. Understood. And looking at the Eagle Ford and the Bakken positions in your prepared remarks you talked about how you’re developing some infrastructure. What is that infrastructure spend exactly? And when is that going to come to an end over the next, I guess in the future?
Ryan Lance: So this year we’re spending around $600 million or $700 million on infrastructure, I’m not exactly sure what the numbers are for next year, but it’s mostly a 2012-2013 expenditure to kind of build the backbone through our acreage as we develop that whole acreage position.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. If I’m just thinking about the projects that have been sanctioned – I’m thinking about reserve bookings, it seems like you’ve got some additional sanctioning in Canada. You’ve got the Alpine West you said. And then you also went forward with the second train of APLNG. Are those kind of the big things I’m thinking about? And how would I also think that the Eagle Ford where you have 1.8 billion barrels of oil equivalent in place?
Ryan Lance: So we’ll see reserve bookings at the end of the year associated with the ones that you listed, plus we expect to see our proved preserves in Eagle Ford increase. We also sanctioned the Malikai project in Malaysia, so we’ll see reserves increase there. And there’ll be some puts and takes on various other assets, but those are the major reserve additions that we expect.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. Got it. Thanks for the time. I appreciate it.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Faisel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Folks, good afternoon. Congratulations on the results. I have a couple for you, one is a little bit more detail, but I noticed the lower 48 natural gas production increased fairly sizably. I’m trying to determine, I know there was gas that was previously shut in. Can you say whether that was a result of that gas coming back on line? Or maybe you could just answer where you stand today with regard to shut-in gas?
Ryan Lance: So we don’t have any significant volume showing at all now. So some of that increase is gas coming back on line, but the majority of it is increases in associated gas production with our liquids-rich plays, for example Eagle Ford.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay. Second question is on oil sands in general. There’s been an awful lot of press reports on assets being marketed from you guys up there, and I know you are probably unwilling to share too much. But I’m just curious if you could talk in general how the oil sands fits into the portfolio?
Ryan Lance: Yeah, I think the oil sands are important in our portfolio. The important growth of the margins are good and they have a different profile, obviously relative to some of the other assets, but important in complimenting a large portfolio like ConocoPhillips has. We have gone out looking at marketing some of our oil sand positions primarily some of our Surmont. And it’s over 100% acreage we have outside of the area. We’ve got a lot of interest in it. And in fact, we’ve got enough so that we got proposed a number of different structures. So we’re stepping back for a minute and taking a look at what might work best for ConocoPhillips as we think about our options that we have with our position in Canada.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay, Ryan. But just to be clear we shouldn’t view that as potentially a full exit out of oil sands, right?
Ryan Lance: No.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay. So I’ll slip in one last one, I know you’re in the conceptual phase of ANF gas LNG out of Alaska. Obviously you have a very decent position up in Western Canada there as well. I’m just curious, are you exploring options for LNG exports out of Western Canada? Or are you just really focused on Alaska at this point? Thanks.
Ryan Lance: I’d say we’re mostly focus on Alaska, Mike.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Iain Reid from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, hi, gentlemen. Sorry, (inaudible) Just a couple questions please, I think you talked about natural gas price improvements coming in Indonesia and Libya. And you can see that your Libyan realization has picked up substantially. So just interested in why that is. And also on the Indonesian side, is that something we’ve got to look forward to? Or is that something which has already happened?
Ryan Lance: On Indonesia it’s really something we have to look forward to and both the Malaysia contracts and the domestic Indonesia contracts, you should start to see those coming through the fourth quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Is that something structural or was it an oil price affect? Or what is that?
Ryan Lance: It’s a renegotiation of the gas contract from Malaysia because Petronas wanted to secure more gas and because the Indonesian government wants to incentivize more development of the domestic production in Indonesia. So they’re moving towards a more market-based pricing. So those are really the drivers.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And what happened and Libya?
Ryan Lance: You mean the fera gas contract, but that didn’t happen until September.
Matt Fox: We had a little bit of that in the third quarter but if you are looking at the realized price per (inaudible) in Libya we started to sell gas under that contract.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Second question is I’m just wondering how you feel about your U.K. North Sea portfolio. You’ve obviously got a couple of developments there. But you’re also I think going to sell some assets with the tax increases, et cetera. Are you kind of net seller now of the U.K. or are you after this disposal, which is in the works? Or is there something else coming?
Ryan Lance: Well, no, I think we’ve been pretty pleased. So the North Sea and the U.K. sector, you’ve got to divide that into three areas, the Central Graven, the stuff we have up west of Shetlands with our Claire interest in the East Ireland Sea and the southern North Sea that we have. We did try to market our southern North Sea position a little bit earlier in the year, but that got hung up with a bunch of changes that were occurring in the government in the U.K. side with taxes and abandonment liability and some of those issues. But the core area that we still like and remain to think there’s still opportunity there, things like Jasmine developments that tie into our existing infrastructure, so we see additional opportunity off the Brittania platform bringing more wells and additional satellites into production in the Brittania area. And we’re currently exploring in the area for more Jasmine look-alikes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Did you pick up any licenses today, Luc, in the license room?
Ryan Lance: I don’t know if we did. I haven’t been informed if we have or not.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. All right, guys. Thanks very much.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Iain.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. I have a number of soft questions, hopefully. Matt or Jeff, for the APLNG on the $20 billion, what is the percentage that is the Australian dollar-based and what FX rate are you using in the budget, if you can remind me?
Ryan Lance: It somewhere between 50% and 60% Australian dollar, and I don’t know that we have a particular FX rate that we’re going to quote in the budget.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: I see. Matt, how many Matt wells you already drilled in Poland? And is there any result that you can share from those wells?
Matt Fox: We’ve drilled a total of four wells, three in the pari-Baltic region and then we’ve got one more that we’re drilling just now, but I’m not really ready to talk about the results at the time on those wells yet.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: I see. Ryan, I know that you don’t give the budget in December. If you’re looking at right now did you expect the budget would be pretty similar to this year? Or that is going to be higher or lower?
Ryan Lance: I’d say it’s in the range of where we’re at this year.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Okay. Jeff, on the corporate expense do you have a guidance that for 2013, 2014, what type of run rate that normal quarter may look like?
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, maybe just a couple words about our corporate segment. So with the spine and the way we realigned our segments some of those things that didn’t used to be in corporate are in corporate now, particularly some of the technology operations, so that’s going to introduce a little bit of volatility to corporate numbers. When you think about kind of core corporate, which is made up primarily of net interest expense and kind of corporate G&A, that’s going to be around I would say $220 million a quarter more or less, but there’s going to be probably more volatility in the corporate number than you might have been used to seeing in the past.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Jeff, that’s an after-tax number, right?
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, that’s an after-tax income number. Right, Paul.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: And, Matt, I’m just curious. Is there any core key difference between your consolidate bitumen output and your equity of (inaudible) bitumen output? So in other words, when we’re looking at estimating the pricing, the implied bitumen pricing, is there any core key differences that we should assume that there would be differences?
Matt Fox: Well, basically you can think of three different areas. Some ore produces a synbit, so the bitumen is blended with the synthetic. The FCCL assets both blend with the condensate. So as condensate prices and synthetic prices move around that affects the net (inaudible). Within the FCCL, Christina Lake has a higher TAN content Foster Creek. so as a result it sees a bit of a discount to the blend it sells. But roughly speaking at current prices the net mark at Surmont and Foster Creek are about the same, and the net mark at Christina Lake is a bit less because of this high TAN content.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Matt, have you guys received a final approval to restart fully on Peng Lai from the Chinese?
Matt Fox: We have submitted an EIA application and overall development plan, revised the overall development plan. We expect the approval shortly from both of those.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Thank you. A final on. Jeff, on the inventory standpoint at the end of the third quarter, are you guys still under it, over it? Or should we assume pretty much that you catch up by now?
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, when you have an operation the size of ours, and you’ve got a lot of liftings happening, oil liftings happening in places like Europe and Alaska and in Asia, every quarter you’re going to have a little bit of fluctuation between the amount that you sell and the amount that you produce and it’s going to go plus and minus. I mean generally we’re in a balanced position, but we talked in the first quarter that we had about an $80 million negative impact from timing. We’ve come out this quarter we said about an $80 million positive impact from timing. We’re likely to see that order of magnitude. Types of swings can happen just because – through normal operations of timing of when...
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Sure. Fully understand that. From an inventory standpoint your are pretty balanced at end of the third quarter?
Jeff Sheets: Right. Again, we’ll have pluses and minuses. Particularly when you look at particular segments you can have pluses and minuses just as part of your normal operations.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Very good. Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov. Please go ahead.
Pavel Molchanov: Hey, guys. I want to go back to one of the earlier questions about the dividend. Your long-term growth target of 3% to 5% and your simultaneous target of having one of the highest dividends in the industry, if you discover that both cannot be done at the same time, which do you choose?
Ryan Lance: Well, we set our priority on our funding is with the dividend.
Pavel Molchanov: So I guess what’s the minimum acceptable level for organic growth? In other words, would be willing to take that down to 2% to 4%? 1% to 3%? Or is the dividend unambiguously what you would choose regardless?
Ryan Lance: We would like to be here in 10 years saying we’ve had steady dividend raises every year over an extended period of time. How fast we grow the dividend is going to be a function of how fast cash flows actually grow. We sit today at one of the higher dividends, and we’ve had some very strong dividend growth over the past decade. I think what we’re saying is we expect to have dividend growth going forward. It won’t be at the same pace that has been the past, but that’s a key part of our delivering to the shareholders. And we really can’t sit here today and tell you exactly what the dividend growth rate is going to be going forward. It’s an important part of what we offer the shareholders.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. I appreciate, guys.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the time that we have a question-and-answer session. I’ll now turn the call back to Ellen DeSanctis for closing remarks.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Kim, and thank you, everybody. If there were folks in the queue that we didn’t get to, Ryan and I are obviously more than happy to cover up the questions off line. Thank you very much for your interest, and we look forward to ongoing communications in December and certainly in the early part of the year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellen R. DeSanctis - Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications Ryan M. Lance - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Jeffrey Wayne Sheets - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2012 ConocoPhilips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kim, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. Ms. DeSanctis, you may begin.
Ellen R. DeSanctis: Thank you, Kim, and good morning to everybody. Again, thank you for joining us on this ConocoPhilips second quarter earnings call. I'm in the room today with Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; and Jeff Sheets, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. And before I turn the conference over to those 2 gentlemen, let me make a few administrative comments. First of all, we -- you'll notice, we've provided a lot of new information with today's disclosure. And of course, that's to help you understand the business better. We've provided segment data on each of our regions in addition to some data on our Corporate statements, and I just want to let people know, Vladimir and I will be available after the call to help you sort through those details as needed. In addition, I want to remind you that our presentation materials for the call today can be found on our website and a transcript to this call will be posted again to our website, hopefully by no later than tomorrow morning. And then finally, if you'll advance to Slide 2, you'll note our cautionary statement. We will make some forward-looking statements during today's webcast and actual results could differ materially from the expectations we shared today. The factors that could cause these results to differ are listed in this cautionary statement, as well as in our periodic filings with the SEC. And now, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ryan Lance.
Ryan M. Lance: Thank you, Ellen, and thank you all for joining the call today. So I reflect back and in mid-April, we laid out our plans for the newly independent ConocoPhilips and today represents our first quarterly call to update you on those plans. I'm looking forward to your questions at the end as well. So I'll begin my comments on Slide 3 and cover some of our key second quarter highlights. Strategically, the second quarter was certainly an eventful one. Less than 100 days ago, we completed the spinoff of our Phillips 66 company. And while we were prepared for the event, it's really hard to know until that event actually shows up how things go. But I'm pleased to say that I think we hit the ground running, and I certainly couldn't be prouder of our employees. They certainly stepped up in a pretty big way. So in addition to completing the Phillip 66 spinoff, we continue to make progress on our divestiture program. This is a strategic program that's important for completing the repositioning of the ConocoPhilips and adding financial flexibility to the company. In the quarter, we generated about $0.5 billion of proceeds from asset sales in the North Sea, and we continue to advance our progress on other assets. We still estimate that our announced program will be complete by mid-2013. I also include a point about our unconventional and our conventional exploration program as a strategic highlight. We made progress in the corner -- in the quarter on these important activities with more to come in the year. And I'll speak about our exploration activities in more detail in a moment because this is an important part of our plans for the future, and we have a lot of going on in this area. Operationally, the business ran well in the quarter. We achieved the high end of our estimated production range for the quarter at 1.54 million barrels equivalent per day. Key production highlights include our ongoing strong performance from unconventional assets in the Lower 48, led by our Eagle Ford development and from our oil sands in Canada. Our major projects have progressed notably, our APLNG and in the second quarter, we advanced at Train 2 towards FID and recently announced that milestone. Both Jeff and I will cover some additional details about our operational performance in later comments. Moving to the financial themes. Clearly, our strong operational quarter was overshadowed by weaker commodity prices. This translated to lower income and cash flow for the quarter compared to prior periods. It's important to note that our diversified portfolio helped buffer some of the impact of weaker North American commodity prices. This allowed us to generate $1.5 billion of adjusted earnings or $1.22 of adjusted earnings per share. Excluding working capital, we achieved $3 billion in cash from operations. What's important to note is that this cash flow number reflects the fact that we had a number of high margin production offline due to planned turnarounds in this quarter. In other words, the $3 billion should not be considered ratable. And finally, we purchased 3.1 billion of ConocoPhilips shares in the quarter, representing a total of about 52 million shares and through 6 months, we've delivered on our goal of repurchasing $5 billion worth of shares. So in summary, we had a strong quarter strategically and operationally, delivering on several important fronts. While commodity prices softened, we stayed focused and delivered on things we can control to meet our commitment for growth, financial returns and yield over the long-term. So if you turn to Slide #4, I'd like to address the state of the business and put some perspective around the focus areas and the priorities for the rest of the year and beyond. As I already mentioned, the business is running well and that's absolutely key. We are focused on delivering our programs and plans safely, on-time and on budget. Our major growth projects are on track and these include our Lower 48 unconventional resource plays, as well as our major growth projects in the Canadian oil sands, the North Sea projects in the U.K. and Norway, APLNG and our Malaysian deepwater projects. These are the major projects that will underpin our long-term goal to deliver 3% to 5% with margin expansion at flat prices. Aside from the major projects, the base business is also running well. As you know, second and third quarters are typically high season for maintenance downtime, but we have those activities well in hand. Finally, we continue to start our dry gas drilling and deferred capital to the liquids-rich plays. As I mentioned a minute ago, our exploration program continues to gain momentum. This is an aspect of the business that we are reemphasizing in the new ConocoPhilips, and I'd like to give you some highlights of that. First, I should note that though I talk about exploration, I talk about it through 2 lenses: a conventional lens and an unconventional lens. And we have a lot of activity in both our unconventional and conventional programs throughout the year and in this second quarter. In the unconventional plays, we continue to test liquids-rich opportunities in North America. We have pilot programs actively underway and in place like the Niobrara, the Wolfcamp, the Duvernay and the Avalon. We are also evaluating several other opportunities, some of which are associated with ConocoPhilips' massive land position in the Lower 48 and Western Canada. With approximately 21 million net acres, much of it held by production, we have access to some potentially impactful unconventional plays. One example that I'd like to share with you this morning is the Mancos Shale in the San Juan Basin. We are the largest lease holder in the San Juan Basin today with 900,000 acres held by production. We have been actively reviewing our extensive data across the Mancos', in the gas, the liquids-rich, and the oil window, and plan to test the play later in the year. Other companies are actively testing the play now, which means we are effectively derisking the play with other people's money. If the play is successful, we have years and years of drilling activity ahead. It's opportunity like these, in our backyard, adjacent to where we have operating and infrastructure and expense, and already held by production, they are what create long-term running room for the company in this unconventional space. Internationally, we're currently getting ready to pilot test our 11 million-acre unconventional shale position in Australia's Canning Basin. Now let me move to the conventional side. We made significant progress here in this quarter as well. During the quarter, we spud 3 nonoperated wells in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. That appraisal well was spud on the Shenandoah prospect and 2 wildcat wells were started at the Bioko and Coronado prospects. We continue to build our deepwater prospect inventory in the Gulf of Mexico, largely focused on the Paleogene play. We added a significant chunk of acreage late last year and as well, we now hold more than 325 blocks in the Gulf of Mexico. Finally, earlier this year, we added significant conventional acreage positions in Angola and in Bangladesh, and we're undertaking seismic activities in both those areas right now. So we're busy in the exploration area and we think this is an important part of the business, where we are very effectively positioning for future growth and taking advantage of good opportunities as they arise. This, combined with our 43 billion barrel resource space, is revising optionality to our growth. On the business development side, we're very focused on completing our announced asset sale program. We have targeted selling $8 billion to $10 billion of assets by mid-2013. We have several packages on the market today. When we started this divestiture program, we understood some of the assets would take some time to sell but overall, I'm pretty pleased with the progress that we're making. This year to date, we've sold about $1.6 billion of assets with several more currently in the process. We're being patient, at date [ph] we remain committed to getting the program completed, but we'll do that at acceptable prices. With the year half over and the spinoff complete, we have scrubbed our capital outlook for 2012. We now believe we have good visibility on the rest of the year, and estimate 2012 capital spending to be about $16 billion. This includes the impact of pushing out the expected timing of asset sales, some of which have quite a lot of capital spending associated with them. It also includes the impact of some incremental exploration spending I just mentioned, as well as some incremental investments for infrastructure in the Eagle Ford area to ensure that we're not constrained in that development. Although commodity prices have weakened for all of industry, we continue to believe that our growth projects are robust enough to justify our planned investment at a range of prices. These are projects that will generate growth, margin improvement and returns for the longer term. For this reason, we did not think it's prudent to reduce our capital at this time, given that we're investing for a long-term value creation. So some of the questions we get, I hope this next slide starts to address and it looks at our funding sources and uses of these in a bit more detail. So this slide lays out our current thinking on our investment priorities and the actions we'll take to fund our growth programs and maintain financial flexibility over the course of 2012 and 2013. It summarizes our sources of cash on the left and our uses of cash by priority on the right. On the sources side, we have cash on hand of roughly $6 billion today, plus incoming cash from operations. And of course, cash from operations will vary according to price. So we expect to generate cash proceeds from asset sales of between $8 billion and $10 billion over the course of the next year and we have balance sheet capacity if needed. That consensus views of cash from operations, the sum of this column for 2012 and 2013 combined, could be as much as $40 billion without going to the balance sheet. On the right-hand side of this chart, we have the uses for the cash listed by priority. Our top priority for spending is to fund our dividend. We believe that a company our size should distribute about 20% to 25% of our annual cash flows through the cycles back to our shareholders. Our next priority is to fund our capital program at roughly $15 billion annual level. Over the next 2 years, the sum of our expected dividends and annual capital program is roughly $36 billion. So in the current environment, we have sufficient sources from cash, cash flows and asset sales to cover our highest priority uses, funding our dividend and investing in our capital programs and modestly reducing our debt levels. We think this allocation make sense and creates long-term value for our shareholders. Higher levels of asset sale proceeds or higher cash from improved commodity prices would give us the opportunity to consider additional share repurchases. On the other hand, if prices were to cycle down for an extended period of time, we would adjust our capital program and use the balance sheet's capacity as needed. So now, let me turn over the call to Jeff and he'll cover our financial and our segment reviews.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Thank you, Ryan, and good morning, everyone. I thought I would start this portion of the call with a list of some of the key drivers that underpinned our financial and operating performance for the quarter. These are drivers that either affected our segments across the board or represent some noteworthy impact to our financials. The first is no surprise, North American crude, bitumen and natural gas, and NGL prices continue to trend lower and we'll have more detail on that on the next slides. In terms of production, our volumes came in as planned with a solid performance across our portfolio. Ryan stepped through a few of these, but as a reminder, our Lower 48 Shale and Canadian oil sands achieved production increases, which were somewhat offset by unusually heavy planned maintenance efforts and the impact of dispositions. Generally, operating costs were as expected and dispositions also had some impact on our financials and we'll cover that as we go through the segments. I'd also note that the format of the slides we're using this morning are quite different from our previous earnings calls, with a lot more information being presented about each of our geographic operating segments. What's also different is that we'll be providing outlook information as we go through the presentation instead of all at once at the end of the presentation as we have done in previous earnings calls. So if you move to Slide 7, we'll start the discussion with a discussion of our realized prices. About 55% of our production consists of liquids and about 45% consists of natural gas. Of the 55% that's liquids, about 30% is tied to Brent or international prices, which were strong early in the quarter and began to decline later in the quarter. The remaining 20% of liquids is tied to North American crude markers, NGL or bitumen prices. And this production continues to be adversely impacted by wide crude differentials. On the natural gas side, about 45% of our portfolio, roughly 20% consists of international gas. That's gas outside of North America. For LNG, which actually enjoyed a relatively strong pricing this quarter. And the remainder of gas consists of North American natural gas, which, of course, continues to be challenged. On the right side of this chart, we presented the second quarter price realizations compared to prior periods. Now this highlights the commodities that were weaker versus stronger in those periods, and our overall price declined about $6 from a year ago and about $5 from the first quarter. The key takeaway from this slide is that we're -- that we benefit somewhat from a diversified global portfolio. About 55% of our mix was not affected by weaker North America pricing. As our major projects come online, our production mix shifts more to liquids and natural gas -- liquids and international gas, and this will help improve our margins and cash flow growth in the future. So let's move to Slide 8, and talk about total company production. As Ryan mentioned, our production was 1.54 million BOE per day, on target with our expectations. This was down 97,000 BOE per day from the same period last year. At a high level, you can see that this decrease can be bucketed roughly 1/3 to dispositions, which Vietnam, Statfjord and Alba; about 1/3 to downtime in Australia, Alaska and Canadian oil sands; and about 1/3 to natural gas declines in North America, driven by decreased activities and curtailments. And what it also shows us that our growth offset base decline, accounting for over 110,000 BOE per day compared to last year. The bulk of the growth coming from the Eagle Ford, Bakken, Permian and oil sands assets. In a moment, I'll provide more detail on production by segment, let me first give you some guidance for production estimates for the rest of the year. We expect third quarter production to be between 1.475 million and 1.525 million BOE per day. Most to the expected drop from the second quarter to the third quarter is due to planned downtime in Alaska and the U.K. Our full year production estimate is now expected to be between 1.565 million and 1.585 million BOE per day and this includes the impact of dispositions. Now I'll turn to our adjusted earnings on Slide 9. Now this slide shows the 7 new reporting segments for our company. We'll go through in detail in each of these segments in subsequent slides, and there's also additional information along with the historical data in the supplemental tables included in the press release. Although we operated well, our results compared to prior quarters were adversely impacted by the combination of lower commodity prices and lower production as we discussed on the previous slides. Lower 48 and Canada were affected by natural gas prices that were down more than 50%, NGL prices down more than 20% and Canadian bitumen prices down more than 20%. The biggest volume-related impacts to earnings were the asset dispositions in Europe, lower production in China and the turnarounds in Australia. Our second quarter adjusted earnings were $1.535 billion versus $2.31 billion a year ago. Now I'll turn to the segment slide, beginning with Alaska on Slide 10. Our legacy asset in Alaska continues to operate well and provides strong earnings and production performance. Production was 215,000 BOE per day, down from a year ago. The lower production was driven by natural gas field decline, partially offset by improved drilling performance and lower unplanned downtime. In the quarter, we completed a major turnaround at Kuparuk on schedule and on budget. Adjusted net income for the segment was $551 million, roughly equivalent to a year ago. In the third quarter, we have additional turnarounds planned, which we estimate will lower sequential production by 40,000 to 50,000 BOE per day. Looking forward, Alaska's segment, where we have opportunities to mitigate decline from incremental exploitation opportunities, and we retain the option from some longer-term projects such as LNG exports and ANS gas. Our future developments from Alaska are contingent upon some improved fiscal terms. So next, we'll move to the Lower 48 and Latin America segments, which is on Slide 11. In this segment, we continue to advance several high-margin growth projects across our asset base. Total production for the quarter was 441,000 BOE per day, approximately 16,000 BOE per day higher than last year. The growth over last year was driven by our liquids-rich plays in the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian. And then this growth was partially offset by natural gas declines across the portfolio. Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian average production in the second quarter this year was 61,000, 25,000 and 51,000 BOE per day, respectively. Our total production of 137,000 BOE per day from these 3 plays was 54,000 BOE per day higher than a year ago. So looking more broadly across the Lower 48 portfolio, liquids production was up 24% and natural gas production declined 8%. This reflects our shift in capital to liquids plays and away from dry gas drilling. Although we saw year-over-year production growth in the Lower 48, the net income results from the second quarter were lower due to a 50% drop in natural gas prices and a 23% drop in NGL prices. This reduces net income $119 million for this segment. In the second quarter, we had a total of 31 drilling rigs, comprised of 17 at the Eagle Ford, 8 in the Bakken and 6 in the Permian. And we expect to maintain a tunnel of 27 rigs through the end of this year. A majority of the acreage in the Bakken and the Permian is held by production and we expect to have the Eagle Ford acreage held by mid-2013. And based on the positive results we're seeing to date on these liquids-rich shale plays, we expect that we've identified extensive development potential over the next several years. As Ryan mentioned earlier, we are resuming high impact deepwater Gulf of Mexico exploration and appraisal activities. We would expect to have some results by either late this year or early next year. So next, we'll move to our Canadian segment on Slide 12. Canadian production was 268,000 BOE per day in the second quarter, up 6,000 BOE per day versus the same period last year, driven by a ramp-up in oil sands production. New production growth of 22,000 BOE per day was offset by natural gas asset disposition, natural gas curtailment from lower well performance as a result of restricted capital investments in our natural gas fields. As you can see on the production charts, liquids as a proportion of our total segment production increased compared to last year. Liquids volumes were up year-over-year 19%, while natural gas declined 9%. Again, like the Lower 48 segment, this shift can -- should start to show up as improved margins over time. So even though our Canadian business operated well, segment earnings reflected significantly lower bitumen prices, increased WTI, WCS spreads and lower natural gas and NGL prices. As a result of these factors and given that 62% of our total production in Canada is attributable to natural gas and NGLs, adjusted net income was a negative $94 million for the quarter, compared to a positive $82 million in the second quarter of 2011. It's important to note that this segment has generated positive operating cash flow year-to-date. So even with gas prices at recent lows, the cash flows from this segment are important sources of cash for redeploying into our growth programs. The company's oil sands projects continue to perform well with production growth from Christina Lake Phase III, and Surmont Phase I. This resulted in increased bitumen production of 20,000 BOE per day compared to the second quarter of 2011. Additionally, the Surmont Phase II development and further SCCL expansion phases are underway and should lead to further production growth over the next several years. In May, we received approval from the Alberta government to proceed with the Narrows Lake oil sands project. And the project is anticipated to have gross production capacity of 130,000 BOE per day, to be developed in 3 phases starting in 2017. So next, we'll move to the Europe segment on Slide 13. Second quarter production in Europe decreased by 42,000 BOE per day to 236,000 BOE per day. This was primarily driven by natural gas field decline and by natural field decline in Britannia, Ekofisk and J-Block, downtime in the Statfjord and the Alba asset dispositions. Net income in Europe was $414 million, down $119 million from last year. Commodity prices held up in this segment relatively well compared to the North American markets. And positive FX impacts slightly improved income this quarter. In the near term, we expect volumes in this segment to decline. Now volumes will begin to increase when the Jasmine project comes online in 2013 and when additional North Sea projects at Clair, Ekofisk South and Eldfisk II start up. And one additional point, I'll remind you, is that the U.K. recently enacted legislation with -- which restricts corporate tax relief on decommissioning cost to the 50% tax rate, retroactive back to March of 2012. And we anticipate in the third quarter 2012 that our earnings would be reduced by approximately $175 million due to the remeasurement of these deferred tax liabilities. So I'll turn to Slide 14 and talk about our Asia Pacific and Middle East segment. Production in this segment was 270,000 BOE per day, down approximately 85,000 per day from the second quarter of 2011. This reduction was driven by the curtailment of the Peng Lai production, the disposition of Vietnam business unit and by the safe completion of a 41-day turnaround at the Darwin LNG project. At of -- the end of the second quarter, Peng Lai was producing 30,000 BOE per day, net. We are seeking approval for our final operating and development plan, but continue to ramp up production under an interim production resumption plan. Compared to the same period last year, adjusted net income decreased by $167 million to $789 million. This decrease was driven by 24% lower volumes, slightly offset by improved LNG prices and lower DD&A. The second production train at APLNG was sanctioned in July and project financing agreements were signed during the second quarter. The project is on track for first deliveries of LNG in 2015. Concurrent with project sanctions, ConocoPhilips further reduced its working interest in the project to 37.5%. In Malaysia, development continues on several projects, including the deepwater Gumusut oil field off the coast of Sabah. The natural gas Kebabangan field, and the oilfields at Malikai and Siakap North-Petai. Finally, we anticipate beginning our pilot program in the Canning Basin as Ryan mentioned in the third quarter. So I'll move to our International segment on Slide 15. This segment includes our assets in Russia, Caspian and Africa. Production was 112,000 BOE per day, up from 88,000 BOE per day a year ago. Now this increase was primarily due to the restart of our operations in Libya, partially offset by declines in Russia. Net income was a negative $19 million, driven by lower crude prices, high taxes and foreign exchange impacts. And for the company overall, the FX losses on this segment generally offset the FX gains that I talked about in Europe. As we've indicated in the past, we are actively marketing some of these assets in this segment as part of our $8 billion to $10 billion divestiture program. So the final reporting segments I'll talk about is on Slide 20, our Corporate and Other segments. Since this is essentially a cost segment, adjusted earnings were a negative $225 million this quarter. The cost contained in this segment include net interest expense, corporate G&A, environmental cost, some FX impacts and our emerging businesses cost. A portion of the former Emerging Business segment that you will recall from the integrated ConocoPhilips, is now included as part of this Corporate and Other segment. For guidance purposes, I would suggest using a $1 billion annually for this Corporate segment, so roughly another $500 million for the second half of this year. So next, we'll turn to Slide 17 and talk about our operating segment margins and returns. The 4 pack -- the slides on this page summarize our key financial metrics for the quarter. In the short run, prices overshadow the operational and portfolio improvement successes we've had for the company -- as a company. Looking year-over-year at the second quarter, the drop in income per BOE is primarily driven by the $6 drop in realized prices we discussed earlier. And our cash contributions and our return on capital and cash return on capital metrics follow this same trend. And before turning the call back to Ryan to close up, I'll go through our year-to-date company cash flow on Slide 18. Today, we generated $7 billion of cash from continuing operations, which excludes an increase in working capital of about $600 million. We've also generated $1.6 billion from asset sales. To date, we have spent $8.2 billion in capital, which includes approximately $500 million of deepwater Angola exploration and Gulf of Mexico leasehold. It also includes a heavier spending on the APLNG project, and we expect in the balance of 2012. We paid $1.7 billion in dividends, continuing the same dividend rate as Caprice did in the integrated ConocoPhilips. Related to the repositioning, the net income impact -- the net impact, cash flow impact of the spinoff of Phillips 66 was $5.7 billion. This was a combination of all of the operating, investing and spin-related transactions for the operations of what the assets that are now in Phillips 66. During the first 2 quarters of the year, we also repurchased $4.9 billion of our shares and that left us with $6 billion in total cash at the end of June, including $5 billion in restricted cash and $1 billion in cash and cash equivalents. During the third quarter of this year, we expect to begin using some of these cash balances to reduce our debt balance. So with that, I'll turn it back to Ryan for some closing comments.
Ryan M. Lance: Thanks, Jeff. And if you could turn to Slide 19, I'll try to wrap up a little bit. I think the takeaway that we'd like to have for you all for today's call is that the business is running well, and our plans are on track. The spinoff of Phillips 66 was a big milestone for the company, and it successfully launched ConocoPhilips as an independent E&P company. Operationally, we had a strong quarter, and that part of the business is delivering on our expectations. Certainly, our focus will remain on returning value to the shareholders through our dividends, and by executing on our major projects, our exploration programs and our asset sales. The asset sales are important because they generate proceeds that help fund our high return growth projects. And we certainly will keep a close watch on the macroenvironment and we believe the investments that we're making today are going to position the company to deliver on our long-term value proposition of 3% to 5% growth in production and margins, with improving absolute financial returns and combining a sector-leading yield. So that wraps up our summary that we had today, and look forward to the questions from the audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, we have a question from Faisel Khan from Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On Slide 5, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks the amount of cash flow you expect to generate from operations under consensus estimates. I just want to clarify that, was that $40 billion, did you say? In '12 and '13?
Ryan M. Lance: No. The consensus cash from operations is not the $40 billion. We think per year it's in the $12 billion to $14 billion range.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: $12 billion to $14 billion. Okay, great perfect.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, so you add the $6 billion of cash on hand, plus what we expect to get from asset dispositions, is what adds up to the $40 billion, Faisel.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Got it. And then on Peng Lai, what's -- assuming you can get up to full operatable capacity, what is that potential number over the long-term, assuming you can get to your, all the permits in place and be able to get back to producing in all those fields?
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, I think you ought to think in terms of 110,000 to 120,000 barrels a day gross.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So net back to us is in the 40,000 to 50,000 BOE per day level.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Got you.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: And we would -- that compares to around 60,000 before the events.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then at APLNG, given your reduced working interest now in that facility and also given the project financing that you have in place, what kind of spend or what kind of equity contributions will have to -- will you be obligated to make to APLNG over the next sort of year or 2?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So what we find is that over the second half of 2012, that the project financing and the fact that the additional interest that Sinopec is going to acquire as part of the final investment decision on the second train will fund most of the -- most of our capital requirements for the balance of the year. And then we'll see lower capital requirements on APLNG as primarily related to project financing next year as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'd very much like for you, your continued clarity and also, really, truly appreciate your level of disclosure that you give it. It's admirable. On the basic question of the cash flows, just one point, you didn't say anything about growing the dividend, but assume that's your aim.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes. Certainly, I think our strategic intent, we talked about is delivering 20%, 25% of our cash flows back to the shareholder, primarily through the dividend channel. And so as we grow our production, grow our earnings, grow our cash flows, that 20% to 25% is intended to grow as well.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I understand. It's actually also a very interesting target. I was going to move on to that, that the idea that you would give back around 25% of your cash flows. I guess what we're all struggling with is you mentioned that the consensus cash flows right now at $12 billion to $14 billion annually, which even arguably, I think, is on a relatively aggressive oil price forecast. So that's why it's helpful to see the uses of cash by priority. I guess what we're struggling with is the extent to which, over time, you're going to have to cut back that capital program. Could you just talk more, yet more about the sensitivity of the program and how much you could potentially cut that back to balance your cash flows over the longer term?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. So a couple of comments there from Paul first. As I talked about, the company is going through some fairly significant production growth and growth that's occurring at fairly high margins. So if you think about it, it's going from production level 1.5 to 1.6 up to the 1.8 to 1.9 kind of level over several years, that adds significant cash flow and then, as we've talked before that regardless of the price environment we're in, by virtue of moving the portfolio more to liquids and as well moving it more to jurisdictions, which have lower taxes, we're going to see margin improvements. So as we look at out over the next several years, the difference between what we're generating in terms of cash and capital and dividends, of course, shrinks over time. What we're trying to lay out for you this morning is that in this interim time period where it may not be covered then, and then we have other sources of cash to balance that gap and then we think it makes sense to continue to invest in the capital that we have. Ryan, I don't know if you want comment on where we might cut capital if we end up, really, lower price environment?
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, certainly if -- so we've seen some drop off here from branded $120 down to arguably $100 reductions over the last -- through this last quarter. We still think Brent's in the $90-ish, $100 range is probably reasonable over the short-term. But if we saw some cycling down of prices and we felt like they were going to be here for 2 or 3 years, we would make adjustments to our capital program. We're doing some of that through our disposition process and -- but we've identified some high capital-requiring assets that we would like to dispose of. We've got capability to throttle back on some of our exploitations and in -- across all of North America, really across the whole global portfolio, and we would look at that as well. We want to continue some of our, what we think are the high-quality, high-margin, high return major projects. We're not going to whipsaw some of those right now, being some of our ones in the North Sea at, in Norway, the U.K., Malaysia, some of those we'd like to continue going. But we've got some optionality and in the portfolio, if we saw lower prices, we're going to persist for 1 year or 2.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think we've experienced over time too, is that as prices come down, the activity levels come down across the industry. You'll get the same amount of scope done for a lesser amount of money as well.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. The -- if I think about the relationship you have with between the SCCLs and the share repurchases, and the commitments you made essentially to buy back shares through the first half of the year, where are we sitting now on buybacks for the rest of 2012 and into the first half of 2013? And knowing what you're saying about asset sales and share repurchases because it feels like you might be in a position to actually pretty much stop the buyback now?
Ryan M. Lance: Well, we completed the $5 billion that we said we would fund through the first half the year. Our priorities have just kind of shifted with some of the reductions in the commodity prices that we've seen over the last quarter. So as we look out ahead, the asset sales and dispositions will be used to help fund our capital program. If we end up getting an increase in dispositions above kind of what we're forecasting, or if commodity prices ramp back up a little bit, then that would leave room for us to consider more share repurchase.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Is that saying that basically the share repurchase has stopped now?
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, they have stopped.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just that you've laid out how cash flow margins are going to rise and therefore, cash is going to expand over time. Just still running through these cash balance numbers, do you have a number, I mean, a rough range? Obviously we don't know what you're going to sell, but for the CapEx that is associated with the disposals?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: If you looked at -- had we disposed of kind -- a rough range, yes, if we would dispose of everything that was on our -- that they were contemplating as asset dispositions as of the beginning of this year, probably would have taken $1 billion to $1.5 billion of capital out of our -- out of this year's capital program.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. And so that will free up that CapEx, plus maybe once APLNG is got through to invest more aggressively in shale?
Ryan M. Lance: Yes. I think as we look forward over the next -- right now, we would think that our capital expenditures in 2013 are going to be in the range of $15 billion. And that includes, as you mentioned, a fairly -- a continuation of the aggressive investment levels we're doing in the Lower 48 and in the resource plays.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then, obviously, as you look to the divisional disclosure, Canada is suffering, maybe you could take back in the Permian is suffering from low realizations. Apart from others, building pipes to help you get to higher realizations on the production you're getting there. I mean, can you talk through your strategy to try and maximize realization for those onshore assets?
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, Ed, we're -- we talked a little bit about that in terms of the 2012 capital that we see clarity on for the rest of the year and part of that is spending a fair amount of infrastructure to help our realizations and make sure we can move the product where it's getting bottlenecked and make sure we can get it sold. So we're doing a fair amount of that where it makes sense, where there's competition and where we can get to third parties for a reasonable cost, we will do that. But we're also focused on spending our own capital if we need to build our own infrastructure to make sure that we're maximizing the realizations.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Final one for me, you mentioned the Mancos. Any other, any results you can share from them? And I do see your permitting down and your acreage down in Southern Louisiana, I mean, any results or targets that you are probing there?
Ryan M. Lance: Well, none that we would -- that I think we can disclose today, it's all a pretty competitive position. We want talk a little bit about of the Mancos because, obviously, we've got a lot of that acreage held by production. So we're still studying that and hope to have results later this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to clarify the stock buyback commentary. I think we've always thought that future asset sales, those proceeds would be used to buy back shares. It sounds like it's not probably as direct going forward, it will be a function of what cash you have available, is that accurate?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think that's fair, Arjun.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's great. And then, in terms of the -- so you're going to spend $16 billion in capital this year, you have the kind of $15 billion-ish number for next year in long-term. Does that contemplate the $8 billion to $10 billion of asset sales? Or would that $15 billion-ish kind of number come down once you're finished with your asset sales?
Ryan M. Lance: No, we think that that's -- as we look at the portfolio, look at the opportunities that, look what we've added in the North American on conventionals, we look out over time and $15 billion feels like a pretty reasonable kind of capital figure, if that -- if commodity prices hang in at kind of today's level or even a bit softer.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. That make sense. And then just last one for me, some of the peer companies in Australia LNG has had some budget increases, I'm -- my understanding is you all had more of a contingencies built into your budget. But just wondering if you could comment on what you're seeing down there and how good you do feel about the current budget?
Ryan M. Lance: Yes. I know we have seen some announcements. When we came out, we felt like all along, Arjun, that 1 Train project or a 2-train project in Curtis Island was about $20 billion. That was our estimate a couple of years ago, and we're -- we haven't seen anything to think that, that would be any different. I think the, we -- I think the other projects are just now realizing what it's going to cost if the -- on Curtis Island.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gammel from Macquarie.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: I had a few more on APLNG, if I could, please. First of all, on the Upstream program, I believe you guys are actually a fair bit ahead of the other projects that are going forward in Queensland. But can you talk about what type of a forward drilling program that you need to have to match the Upstream with the Downstream requirements, I guess, in terms of number of wells to be drilled and then also in terms of rigs that you would need to run?
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, might have to get back with you on the specifics with that, but I -- we would think we're running today a 3, 4 rig program, and feel like we've got, with the efficiencies that we're gaining and the number of wells we're drilling on a daily and a monthly basis, we're ramping up the well count in front of the start up of the first train. So when the first train's ready to come online in 2015, we'll have the supply ready to go. And then we're continuing to drill because 6 to 9 months later, the second train will come online so we continue to drill and have the Upstream capacity available for that.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: Sure. And then, in fact this was the logistics are obviously fairly difficult, trying to match that number of wells with the requirement that you have, so do you feel that the arrangements that you have commercially with the domestic market and some of the other projects give you more flexibility in how you manage that Upstream process?
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, I think we're probably uniquely positioned there, because we're selling over 200 million a day to the domestic market today, and we've got the ability to dewater wells and throw wells into the domestic market in knots. We've got a lot more flexibility to be able to manage our available capacity on the front-end to make sure when the plant's ready to go, that we can deliver the gas to the plant.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: And then one more on APLNG if I could, please. You mentioned that you have project financing in place. Can you talk about, just in rough numbers, what percentage of the overall capital requirements will come from the project financing facility?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, the project financing that was completed was the agreements were signed back in the second quarter is an $8.5 billion project financing, so it's so roughly 40% of their requirements.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: Great. And just, how much cumulative cash flow would you need to generate -- to repay whatever principle amount you have to do first and fund any contingency accounts before APLNG could start dividending cash back to you?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well, the repayment of the financing happens over a long period of time, so as soon as APLNG starts stuff, it will start paying out a dividend.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: Okay. So you wouldn't have contingency account funding that would have to come in front of dividend payments to the partner group?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. I mean, it's going to be part of what gets funded overall with the project, so when we start up we will begin to make distributions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: If I could just tack on to the APLNG question. So I'm just curious, you've sanctioned the second Train, obviously, that helps with scalability and efficiency, and should improve overall return. So just curious, given the second quarter return on capital employed for the entire company at around 11%, do you think this project will be accretive to overall returns?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think APLNG will be accretive to overall returns in the long-term, but it will be a challenge to our overall returns in the near-term. And that's pretty consistent with all long-life projects where you end up putting a lot of capital on the books upfront and then you get that back over a long a period of time. So it's probably not accretive in the short-term. It will be accretive in the long-term.
Ryan M. Lance: But it is -- then the issue there is the reason you've seen us dilute from our -- are willing to sell equity to a marketing entity to purchase a portion of the project and our willingness to be able to do that and that's caused us to go from the 50% down the 37.5%, and we're looking for -- probably some opportunities for some further dilution at APLNG.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. The second question was on the exploration front. Ryan, I know you gave us a few impact wells going down on the Gulf of Mexico. I was just curious, is there anything else globally that we should be aware of that could be high-impact? And then I know you mentioned Angola, seismic, could you give us an idea of when we may spud the first well there?
Ryan M. Lance: I think we're looking in Angola the end of 2013, early 2014 for a well. We're in the middle of capturing 3D seismic. I think we pretty much completed our initial program in Bangladesh and we'll get that data in, so that well is probably pushed out. The other one I would probably point out in terms of impact is we're kind of at front end of our Poseidon appraisal program in the Browse Basin of Australia, but that will be a, probably a year-long, 5 or 6 well program.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of things for me. When you did the separation, Ryan, you projected or you laid out all these projections, there was one point that we're assuming $120 Brent at that time. The margin improvement assumption of 3% to 5%, I guess, had that as a backdrop. If you have to reset, I'm guessing why haven't you reset your assumptions to what the futures curve looks like right now, and would that change the margin improvement? That's my first question.
Ryan M. Lance: Well the, yes, I know we continue to get some of those questions, Doug. I just remind everybody, we, when we came out in April and we described that a little bit, were trying to describe what current prices were and how the margin of an improvement. The important part is this, we look at the portfolio, and we look at where we're investing the money, whether you pick $120 or $100 or $90 oil or $80 oil, our margin is going to improve on a flat price basis, and we believe the 3% to 5% is coming at a flat price. So it's not reliant on $120. So as we look at our plans today, and we look at the investments that we're making relative to the existing portfolio, our margins are going to be improving over the next 3 to 5 years, and we -- the absolute production growth and the margin growth is coming. And we're investing in things that are changing the mix in the portfolio, and are changing the tax burden on the company as well.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just have a couple of other quick ones, if I may add. As usual it's -- I guess this is where my confusion comes in. It's related to that issue of mix. So when we look at Australia LNG, and that's a very large part of your incremental organic growth. I certainly had discussions with your team about this, but the implied, the IRR presented on Australia LNG which shows 8% to 10% at your internal assumptions, can you share with us what -- how those assumptions differ your cash flow assumptions, in other words $120 oil, because what I'm trying to figure out is, in the world oil price assumption was so much of your growth coming from APLNG, how does that then jive with the incremental improvement in cash margin, that 8% to 10% IRR?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So if I may, a couple of clarifications there, Doug. So the 8% to 10% IRR is not what you would have at $120 oil price. And we seem to be doing much better than that, $120 oil price. So when we talk about margins, we're talking about cash margins. So when the APLNG starts up, you're getting a significant return of, you're getting a return on your capital, you’re getting your capital back as well. So the cash margins is going to be pretty robust on that project, kind of regardless of what price environment that we're in. So that those -- that will be a significant source of cash for us upon start up.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: What I'm trying to figure out, Jeff, is well, can you share with us what commodity assumption does equate to 8% to 10?%.
Ryan M. Lance: That was more on a $90 tough type price environment.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So $90 per barrel, would that still be accretive to cash margins?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Final one then for me is on the disposals, the $8 billion to $10 billion, can you give us some scale of production and cash flow associated with those? And I'll leave it at that.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: From a production standpoint, like we said before, it would depend upon the mix, because there is a, in that $8 billion to $10 billion is a mix of assets that are currently producing and currently not producing. So impacts on current production are probably in the 50,000-barrel a day type range, and depending upon the mix, it could vary from plus or minus 25,000 barrels a day on either side of that. Then cash flows, I don't think I have a number that we can throw out to you on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Iain Reid from Jefferies.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Jeff, could I just go back to your comments on the U.K. part of the business. And you were talking about the impact of the tax change on abandonment. And you mentioned a number, which is going to affect, I think you said third quarter earnings. Can you just confirm what that is, and whether it's a onetime charge? And with the kind of ongoing effect on DD&A could be?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It's a one -- that is a one-time charge of around $175 million, and that just really reflects the fact that when the U.K. increased tax rates earlier, or it was last year, up to around the 62% range, they said they might be coming out later with some restrictions on how much you could deduct on abandonment obligations. What they've done that now, and said that only 50 -- you only get 50% tax relief on abandonment obligations. That mark of our deferred tax liability down to reflect that change is what the $175 million should be. So it's to be a onetime special item type event in the third quarter.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And there won't any kind of ongoing effect on your DD&A per barrel rate?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: There could be some, no, no, no, there isn't, because it's just -- that's just a -- that's a before tax item.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And secondly, on NGL pricing, there's going to be a fair amount of investments in infrastructure, et cetera. I just wanted to -- when you look at these very depressed prices you're getting in the Lower 48, how long you expect those to have such a big margin to oil prices going forward? And whether you've thought about any sort of hedging program, for that? Obviously, it's not great to under hedge now, but whether that's something we should might want to look to protect in the future?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So NGLs, as we've pointed out, are around, globally, about 9% of our production and the Lower 48 and Canadian portion of that is like 6% or 7% of our production. As we look across over time, if you roll the clock forward several years, our NGL production, we would anticipate to be relatively flat and with our growth is going to be coming from crude oil production. So we don't have increasing exposure to NGLs going forward. I think we see that the market is going to be fairly soft, particularly for ethane in the near term, which is what's really driving down the overall price of NGLs. And -- but that will get solved with all the capacity expansions that you're hearing, talked about in the chemicals side of the business right now. So we don't think it's a long-term phenomenon, but that kind of low NGL price is going to attract additional investments.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my last one, I'm going to go back to APLNG, I'm afraid, the other guys have announced big increases, also talked about the translation effects of the Aussie dollar, and I presume, that when you launch this project, you were looking at a much lower level of the Aussie dollar versus U.S. dollar. So is that -- does that $20 billion budget you have, do you cover this kind of big increase in Aussie dollar exchange rates? Because I believe that's a very substantial portion of the overall CapEx is denominated in local currency?
Ryan M. Lance: It is. I mean, that number reflects our current estimates with the way the market looks now on the Australian dollar, but -- and that continues to be, like with the other projects, that continues to be one of the larger exposures we have on the project is, is if there is a further weakening of the U.S. seller relative to the Aussie dollar.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So is it fair to say you've probably used up all contingency you had initially on that project?
Ryan M. Lance: No, I wouldn't say that. I'd say that we feel like the numbers that we had out there now still has contingency in them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First, I want to echo to early comment that wanted to thank you for the expand disclosure, very helpful and I appreciate it. But just one possible request, that since that you're going to break out the earnings by different regions, can you also break out your exploration expense in the future by the corresponding region? That would be helpful in the modeling. And that, Ryan, in your presentation that you give the production and the margin improvement target, do you have a proven reserve growth target?
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, certainly, Paul, we expect, over time to be more than replacing the production. So we haven't come out and said exactly what it is, but it's -- clearly targets over 100%. It'll be lumpy and there'll be years when it probably dramatically exceeds it, and years when it will be right at it.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Should we assume that you were trying to hold your RDP rates flat, or were -- that's not really a target?
Ryan M. Lance: I don't think about, Paul, trying to hold RDP flat. In fact, as we shift our investments in some of these higher-margin, the profile of the some of these investments, I actually expect our RDP will go down a little bit over time, not a lot or not, but will trend down versus trying to trend flat.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And Jeff, on the asset sale, I just want to clarify that. $8 billion to $10 billion -- does it, for 2012 and '13, does it already include the $1.6 billion year-to-date and also the expected farm down of the -- on the APLNG?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So we do include -- we think about that number as a 2012 and 2013 number. The farm down on APLNG ends up being a contribution into the joint venture, so it's not an asset sale, so.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, so APLNG is not included, but the $1.6 billion year-to-date is included?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's correct.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And since I've got you, Jeff, that I think you guys have an open leak [ph] in the second quarter around 29,000-barrel per day. What region that if it's -- come from? And also as of the end of June 30, you guys balance or still net overweight? Open leaks [ph]?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Paul, we'll have to get back to you on that. I don't have that right in front of me.
Ellen R. DeSanctis: We'll get back to you, Paul.
Operator: Our final question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons & Company.
Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: This is Guy Baber here in for Jeff. I was hoping you guys could talk a little bit more about current and planned activity levels and what you're seeing in the Permian basin? And specifically wondering if you had any update with respect to pilot programs in the Avalon and the Wolfcamp? Any comments there will be appreciated.
Ryan M. Lance: Well, we, yes, we've got quite a bit of activity going on as Jeff described earlier, we have 6 or 7 rigs running in the Permian basin and those are all targeting some of the existing conventional opportunities that we have. But largely focused on the unconventionals. It's mostly liquids investments in all of the Permians, so we're active in piloting and drilling both the Wolfcamp and some of the other plays in the Permian basin. So yes, we're pretty active there right now.
Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And then also, I had a strategic portfolio management type of question, but Ryan, as you look at the existing portfolio, are there any gaps or areas where you're lacking exposure now that you would like to enhance your position? And then relatedly, internationally, the focus has largely been on OECD geographically for one at risk, and that's worked well for you all. And should we assume that that remains the case going forward? And that would -- would that preclude you from potentially entering some of these international plays that may offer significant long-term resource potential, but do carry a higher risk profile? And I'm thinking of some plays like East Africa for one, or even Kurdistan region of Iraq, any comments there will be appreciated.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well, I mean, as I look at the portfolio, I'd say we're more after low-cost to supply opportunities, whether that's gas or oil, where we can make a competitive rate of return within our portfolio. As I look at that today, you see are heavily focused on unconventionals in North America because we see a lot of opportunity that are working well. We've got a great position, and so, large part of our investments are going there. But internationally, I'd say as we've -- as you see from our exploration, we're growing our deepwater position, and that's not only in the Gulf of Mexico, but also Angola and the subsalt opportunity there, Bangladesh, we're offshore Sabah island in Malaysia, so you'll see some things that we're doing in the deepwater. We think the liquids-focused deepwater investments make a lot of sense. So I think as we think about it, going around, it's really opportunity by opportunity but looking for a good low-cost to supply and looking for areas. So even playing the Barents Sea in Norway makes sense to us right now, and you've seen us capture some acreage positions up there. So I, we -- in terms of holes, don't think we have a hole that we're really trying to plug. We're just really focused on value and focused the returns and making sure that what we do go after and capture competes well within our existing portfolio. As you said, we're largely OECD today, so we can take on a little bit more risk in terms of political risk and something like that if we think the returns are going to be competitive.
Ellen R. DeSanctis: Okay, thank you, everybody. Go ahead, Kim.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Clayton C. Reasor - Vice President of Investor Relations, Strategy & Corporate Affairs Jeffrey Wayne Sheets - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q1 2012 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kim, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Relations. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.
Clayton C. Reasor: Thank you, Kim. Well, good morning, and welcome to ConocoPhillips' First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call, our final conference call as an integrated company.  Today, we'll focus on key financial and operating results for the first quarter, as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2012. I'm joined by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  As in the past, you can find our presentation material on the Investor Relations section of the ConocoPhillips website. And in addition, you can also find some presentation material that we've recently put out on each of the stand-alone companies, ConocoPhillips and Phillips 66.  Please read the Safe Harbor statement on the bottom of this slide. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. And factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our filings with the SEC.  So that said, I'll turn the call over to Jeff to take you through our first quarter results.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Thanks, Clayton. I'll start with some highlights for the first quarter. During the quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $2.6 billion. That's $2.02 a share. This is flat with the prior quarter and up from $1.82 per share in the first quarter of 2011. If you look back, in the first quarter of 2011, we had the same level of earnings that we did in the last quarter, but we saw a $0.20 per share improvement, and that reflects the impact of our ongoing share repurchase program.  Our annualized return on capital employed was 12%. We generated $4.2 billion in cash from operations. That's $3.23 a share.  In E&P, our production was $1.64 million BOE per day, which is 3% higher than the fourth quarter of 2011. And if you compare that to the first quarter of 2011, our production per share increased by 9%.  So we had seasonally strong refining utilization of 91% globally. And during the quarter, we closed the sale of our interest in Vietnam, and we funded $1.9 billion in share repurchases, and that brings the total of share repurchases since we started the program in 2010 to around $17 billion. And as of today, we're about a week away from the distribution of the Phillips 66 shares to our shareholders, and we're executing the remaining steps of this transaction this week and right on target to complete on the 1st of May.  So let's turn to Slide 3 and look at our earnings in more detail. Reported earnings for the quarter were $2.9 billion. This includes gains on asset sales of $987 million, offset by $562 million of impairments and $95 million of repositioning costs. The gains were mostly related to the sale of Vietnam business, and the impairments were primarily related to the Mackenzie Gas Project and the associated leaseholds.  Adjusted earnings of $2.6 billion were flat with the first quarter last year. But as I mentioned, they were 10% higher on a per share basis as a result of our share repurchase program.  E&P adjusted earnings were $2.1 billion and R&M adjusted earnings were $444 million during the first quarter, and our other segments, together, provided an additional $32 million of earnings. But Chemicals had a record quarter, and we're going to provide more details about that later in the presentation.  So next, we'll look at some more detail on our segment earnings, and we'll start with E&P production, which is on Slide 4. Our first quarter production was 1.64 million BOE per day. That's down 65,000 BOE per day from the first quarter last year. If you exclude the impacts of dispositions and the suspension of our operations at the Peng Lai Field in Bohai Bay, production would have been 9,000 BOE per day more than a year ago.  Our growth opportunities are performing well, and we continue to execute on our plans to exploit the unconventional resources in the Eagle Ford, Bakken, Permian and oil sands. Our unconventional plays have contributed 85,000 BOE per day compared to a year ago. These growth opportunities are part of the 47,000 BOE increase shown on the slide. We also had less downtime and a slightly increased production from Libya, which improved production. And these improvements more than offset our normal field declines.  The suspended operations at Peng Lai, combined with asset dispositions and the decline in our Russia and Naryanmarneftegaz production, reduced production by about 94,000 BOE per day. And on the natural gas side, compared to the first quarter of 2011, North American natural gas production was 18,000 BOE per day lower, with about half of that coming from curtailments.  Now I'll turn to the E&P earnings on Slide 5. E&P results benefited from strong crude prices. However, the strength in crude prices was offset by weakness in North American natural gas markets, and as well as NGL prices and a widening spread between crude oil and bitumen prices. Our E&P adjusted earnings for the quarter were $2.1 billion, slightly lower than the first quarter last year.  As this Slide 5 illustrates $156 million of after-tax impact. We had that due to higher prices and other market factors, and that was offset by about $225 million decrease associated with lower volumes.  In the U.S., earnings in the first quarter of 2012 were $158 million higher than a year ago. This reflects the improvement in domestic crude prices, but this was offset by significantly lower Henry Hub gas prices. Henry Hub averaged $2.72 this quarter, which is 34% lower than it was a year ago.  Year-over-year, we saw reduced earnings in our international business. International was impacted this quarter by lower crude sales volumes and, again, significantly lower gas prices in Canada. ACO prices averaged $2.15 per million Btu this quarter, which is 44% lower than a year ago.  So let's move to Slide 6, and I'll talk about some of our E&P unit metrics. As we just discussed on the previous slide, we saw strong crude prices, but this was offset by weakness in North American natural gas, NGL prices and the widening bitumen differentials. We produced around 110,000 barrels per day of NGLs in North America in the first quarter, and margins on this production were impacted by the fact that NGL prices did not move up as crude prices moved up.  In addition, our first quarter results were adversely impacted by about $85 million after tax from differences between production and sales volumes and some other timing impacts. So year-over-year, these timing impacts and the weakness in natural gas and the relative weakness of NGLs and bitumen prices, along with some higher taxes, kept per barrel margins flat with the same quarter a year ago.  So although we saw this disconnect between NGL and bitumen prices and crude prices in the recent quarter, this doesn't change our long-term view about our ability to grow cash margins as we shift capital towards higher margin production. As we've mentioned in our recent investor updates, we expect cash margins to grow 3% to 5% per year over the next 5 years in a flat price environment. So that completes our E&P segment results.  Now let's take a look at our R&M segment results, which are on Slide 7. First quarter R&M adjusted earnings were -- of $444 million were $36 million less than the same period a year ago. And in comparing the periods, R&M earnings were negatively impacted, primarily by lower refining margins and some higher turnaround expenses. This was offset by higher earnings from volumes and improved marketing margins in the U.S. And we ran higher volumes at some of our Mid-Continent refineries where the margins were the strongest.  So overall, despite improved market crack spreads, refining margins decreased, primarily due to less favorable crude differentials in Europe and the Gulf, East and West Coast regions and some lower secondary product margins. But turnaround expenses were $176 million pretax, and that's in line with our expectations.  So we can move to the next slide and look at the R&M per barrel metrics. First quarter 2012 income per barrel was $1.80, and the cash contribution was $2.62. The per barrel metrics for R&M were similar to a year ago and up compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Compared to the fourth quarter of '11, R&M benefited from both a more favorable crude differentials and improved market crack spreads, which, together, drove significantly improved refining margins and higher adjusted earnings.  So we continue to look for ways to improve our margins in this space through capturing more advantaged crudes and increasing clean product yield. Our clean product yield of 84% was flat with the prior quarter and 1% improved compared to the same period a year ago. Wood River drove about 40% of this improvement in the clean product yield post the core implementation in the fourth quarter 2011.  Next, we'll take a look at some of the results from our other operating segments on Slide 9. Adjusted earnings increased in both our Chemicals and Midstream segments. Chemicals' earnings were $218 million during the quarter. This record quarter reflects a very strong margin environment. Industry margins for ethylene during the first quarter were among the highest recorded in 20 years. With domestic ethylene utilization rates north of 100%, CPChem was able to capture these margins.  Compared to the first quarter of 2011, Chemicals' earnings improved by $25 million, due primarily to higher olefins and polyolefins margins and volumes, which were partially offset by lower margins in volumes and specialties, aromatics and styrenics.  Midstream earnings of $93 million were more than 25% over a year ago, primarily due to higher gathering and processing volumes. In the first quarter of 2011, we had significant reductions due to severe weather, which we didn't see in the first quarter of 2012.  Adjusted corporate expenses were $265 million for the first quarter of 2012. That's $39 million improved compared to a year ago, primarily due to lower net interest expense and benefit-related expenses. Excluded from these adjusted corporate expenses are about $95 million in repositioning costs.  Let's go to Slide 10 and look at our cash flow for the first quarter. We generated $4.2 billion in cash from operations during the quarter and closed the sale of our Vietnam business unit, resulting in proceeds of a little over $1 billion. During the first quarter, we funded a $4.4 billion capital program. $4.2 billion of that was directed to E&P and around $200 million to R&M. And E&P capital for the quarter included over $500 million in exploration in Gulf of Mexico leaseholds.  I want to explain an impact on our cash flow having to do with how we account for assets that we will be selling later in the year and that we've moved to a held-for-sale category during the second quarter. The impact of that is that in our -- when you look at the other line in our other cash -- in the cash flow from operation segment, you'll see a negative. And $450 million of this negative was reflected -- was as a result of moving assets to a held-for-sale category. This was offset by a $450 million positive that is in the working capital line. So were it not for these changes, you would have seen a working capital for the quarter that was negative by about that amount.  If you look across all the segments, almost all the cash from operations -- really, all of the cash from operations this quarter came from our E&P operations. R&M cash from operations were consumed by working capital changes. In our Chemicals joint venture, the -- CPChem has begun retaining cash in order to fund a complete retirement of their debt balances later this year. We also paid $2.7 billion in shareholder distributions. That's split between the $1.9 billion of share repurchases and $843 million in dividends, and these share repurchases accounted for $25 million shares during the quarter. We ended the quarter with $4.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. And related to the repositioning, we issued $5.8 billion in senior notes at Phillips 66. These notes bear a weighted average pretax cost of 4.1%. Associated with this issuance, we are currently holding a restricted cash balance of $6.1 billion in addition to the $4.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. As part of the separation, the notes will transfer to Phillips 66, and ConocoPhillips will receive a cash distribution from Phillips 66 of approximately $6 billion.  Turning to Slide 11, we'll talk about our capital structure. At the end of the first quarter, our equity balance was $67 billion, up $1 billion from year-end 2011. With income largely offsetting distributions, the equity increase is primarily related to foreign exchange impacts. Our debt balance increased reflecting the Phillips 66 debt I just discussed. And if you adjust that out, our debt to cap is 25% for the quarter.  I'll move to Slide 12 and talk about some capital efficiency metrics. First quarter 2012 annualized returns on capital were 12%, which is flat from a year ago. If you break this down by segment, first quarter returns were 14 -- ROCEs were 14% in E&P, 9% in R&M, 50% in Midstream and 31% in Chemicals. This is a metric we're going to continue to focus on as we invest in higher margin assets across our portfolio, and they'll be a key initiatives for both companies going forward.  So I will wrap up with some outlook comments and then we'll open the line for questions.  So we're going to give guidance, first, for ConocoPhillips and then for Phillips 66. So starting with ConocoPhillips, our annual production guidance for 2012 remains unchanged at 1.55 million to 1.6 million BOE per day, and that depends on the timing of dispositions. Sequentially, in the second quarter, production will be down from the first quarter. Second quarter production will include turnaround and maintenance activity of 50,000 to 60,000 BOE per day, primarily in Australia, the U.K., Alaska and our Foster Creek, Christina Lake joint venture in Canada. And production in the second quarter will also be negatively impacted by 20,000 to 30,000 BOE per day related to dispositions, including the recent Vietnam disposal. In the Peng Lai Field in Bohai Bay, current gross production is 40,000 BOE per day and should continue at this level through the second quarter.  We also expect continued gas shut-ins in North America of around 9,000 BOE per day due to low gas prices, and we continue to evaluate this for a further shut-in. And our full year capital guidance for the E&P is approximately $15 billion.  So I'll shift now and talk about exploration. We expect exploration expenses to be in line with our previous guidance of $1.2 billion for the year, as we continue to progress our exploration portfolio in several core areas.  In Australia, we indicated last quarter that we plan to commence a 5- to 7-well appraisal program around our Poseidon discovery. The Boreas 1 well spud on April 4, which is the first well in that appraisal drilling. In Angola, our seismic program has commenced and recent discoveries in the area confirmed the exploration potential. We expect drilling to start in 2013 or later. In Bangladesh, Blocks 10 and 11, we completed seismic activity in the first quarter this year, and we're analyzing the data. We have 1.4 million acres and 100% working interest in this opportunity.  In the Gulf of Mexico, we expect to spud an exploration well in the second or third quarter this year to test the Coronado prospect, and the operators at Shenandoah and Tiber are anticipating appraisal wells in 2012.  In our international shale plays, we exercised the co-option for a 70% operating interest in a 5,000-acre position in the Western Baltic Basin of Poland. We have a co-option this year on the remaining 572,000-acre position. We drilled 2 horizontal wells and continue -- in 2011, and we will continue our pilot program in 2012.  We plan to start up the first phase of our program in the frontier shale play in the Canning Basin in Australia, and we should commence 3 vertical wells in mid-2012.  In North America, we've initiated 7 pilot programs in some of our new emerging plays in the Niobrara, Wolfcamp, Avalon, Canol and Duvernay plays. And we continue to pursue high-quality, liquids-rich unconventional opportunities globally.  Now some updates on our major growth projects around the world. Efforts continue to drill our liquids-rich shale plays in North America in the Eagle Ford, the Bakken, the Permian and the Cardium plays. At Eagle Ford, we expect to maintain a 16-rig average and drill about 180 wells in 2012. First quarter production averaged 54,000 BOE per day, and current production capacity is around 60,000. It will be our priority to stay ahead of condensate takeaway capacity to reduce any further curtailments. And system constraints are now primarily related to gas takeaway capacity in construction and some other infrastructure.  In the Permian and Bakken, we are running a total of 13 rigs today, 5 more rigs than last -- this time last year. We expect to average 16 rigs during 2012. First quarter production at Permian and Bakken averaged 51,000 and 24,000 BOE per day, respectively. Our SAGD projects continue to grow production. As you've seen, bitumen production from SCCL increased 11,000 BOE per day from the first quarter of last year. And we're exploring further opportunities to achieve better netback pricing, such as improving the blend ratio, alternatives to synthetic and condensate distilluants [ph] and application of new technologies.  We expect to sanction the second train of APLNG during the second quarter and are currently on track to deliver our first cargo in mid-2015. And we are in the Phase 1 development of the Jasmine projects in the U.K., and 2 of the 8 project wells were drilled. And so far, subsurface results are exceeding our expectations. Jasmine production should start in 2013.  And finally, for ConocoPhillips, we are targeting $8 billion to $10 billion in asset dispositions over the next 12 months. We expect to repurchase 5 billion of shares in the first half of 2012, and the timing of additional share repurchases will depend on the timing of the dispositions.  So now I'll turn and give some outlook on some items for Phillips 66 going forward. In R&M, we expect turnaround activity in the second quarter to be approximately $140 million pretax and global refining capacity utilization is anticipated to be in the low 90s. The majority of the turnaround activity is expected to be in our international operations next quarter. And we reiterate our full year guidance of around $450 million pretax for turnaround expenses.  With the Wood River CORE project online, we're seeing a 5% increase in clean product yields at the refinery. And if you look at our WRB joint venture with Synovis, realized over $200 million gross profit uplift from the core project during the first quarter of 2012.  Next, I'll turn to a discussion of some of the growth projects in the Phillips 66 Midstream and Chemicals businesses. In Midstream, DCP has several growth projects underway. These include developments in the Niobrara, Permian, Eagle Ford, Bakken and Granite Wash plays, along with logistic opportunities in the Mid-Continent region. DCP recently announced an agreement to construct a new NGL pipeline that will originate in the Denver-Julesburg Basin in Weld County, Colorado and extend approximately 435 miles to Skellytown, Texas in Carson County.  The new front-range pipeline with connections to the Mid-America pipeline system and the recently announced Texas Eastern pipeline will help producers in the DJ Basin maximize the value of their NGL production by providing takeaway capacity and market access to the Gulf Coast. In addition, DCP is also building a Sand Hills NGL pipeline to provide additional NGL takeaway capacity in the Permian and Eagle Ford.  In Chemicals, CPChem announced additional fractionation capacity of 30,000 to 40,000 BOE per day -- barrels per day at Sweeny. CPChem is progressing with one of its affiliates in Saudi Arabia to build a manufacturing facility that will produce olefins, polyolefins and alpha olefins. Production is expected to begin in the second quarter of this year, and CPChem has a 35% interest in this JV. CPChem also plans to construct a 1-hexene plant on the U.S. Gulf Coast with a capacity of 440 million pounds per year. Start-up is expected in 2014.  CPChem continues to progress plans for construction of a $5 billion worldscale ethylene cracker at Cedar Bayou, Texas. A final investment decision is expected either later this year or early in 2013, and that facility would take about 4 years to construct following a final investment decision.  We have -- and then finally, for Phillips 66, we have 2 of our refineries on the market. Due to the increased -- due to interest from potential buyers, we're extending the timing for our trainer disposition to late May, and we also continue to market the Alliance refinery.  So that concludes our remarks on ConocoPhillips and Phillips 66. As I mentioned earlier, the company's on target to complete its repositioning in the 2 independent leading energy companies on the 1st of May. We’d like to direct you to look at our Investor Relations website for the recent presentations given by Ryan Lance for ConocoPhillips and Greg Garland for Phillips 66.  So that concludes the prepared remarks, and we're ready to open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, we have a question from Doug Terreson from ISI.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So you guys have covered a lot the past few Mondays, but in E&P, and specifically in exploration, Jeff, you mentioned Poland and Bangladesh along with a host of others. And so I just wanted to see what the drilling plan was for those 2 countries during the next 12 months or so. It seems like there's momentum there. And also, any commentary that you may have on recent exploration development activities in China.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: In Bangladesh, it's too early for us. We're just in the seismic phase right now, so we don't have -- too early for us to really give any thoughts around drilling programs there. In Poland, we're going to continue at kind of the pace we are at and to try to further delineate that play. But it will be relatively low levels of expenditure there going forward. On Bohai Bay, we are in the process of going through a ramp-up of production to the levels that have been approved by the authorities. We're still in the process of working through the long-term development plan for the field. That's going to take us up to around 40,000 BOE per day. It's about 19,000 or so, net to ConocoPhillips at Bohai Bay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I have a number of kind of small questions. On the bitumen pricing for upstream, it looked like your equity affiliates pricing was much lower than your consolidated operations. And I guess historically, that number has always been much higher. I suspect that's because of the joint venture with Synovis. If you could just elaborate a little bit on what's going on there. Why has the pricing shifted now to a discount versus your consolidated operations?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think you probably see those move back and forth over time, and I wouldn't assume that there's going to be a discount on all of them going forward. There was a particularly wide WTI, WCS differential in the first quarter, which we've seen close somewhat in the first month of the second quarter. We're getting an increased production from Christina Lake, which is also has a little bit higher transportation differences as well. But as I said, I think you will see -- we don't expect to see differentials as wide as what we saw this quarter. Or I think you can also expect that over time, you'll see similar realizations from both the consolidated and the nonconsolidated.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then on Alaska, too, it seemed like given the production and pricing in Alaska that your earnings in Alaska were clearly higher than it's been in the past. Could you also give us a little bit more color on what's driving that? Sorry to bog you down with small questions.
Clayton C. Reasor: Yes. That may be one way. We might have to circle back. But …
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I mean generally in Alaska, there's a couple of factors which can affect kind of quarter-to-quarter. There's a bit of a pricing lag on some of the crude. So in a rising market, that can have a difference. And then of course, the tax regime in Alaska when you get up to these kinds of oil prices, that takes as a very high marginal take to you -- take. But I guess, as Clayton says, we can get back to you again with that.
Clayton C. Reasor: [Indiscernible] more detail on that.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, to me, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that CPChem is investing more capital on its operations this year. So they're retaining more of their cash flows that was allocated for distributions? Is that the same for DCP? So if you can just give a little more color how those distributions from CPChem and DCP would be for the year.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So, yes, I think maybe I'll -- let me clarify and make sure that I was clear on what we said about CPChem. You are correct in that both of them have good opportunities to invest capital. But generally, we would think that distributions will be coming out of both of those joint ventures, they can more than fund their capital programs with cash flows. What's unique at CPChem currently is that we are -- we've made the decision to essentially delever CPChem and pay off their debt balances post the spin happening. So CPChem is not making any distributions to either of the partners currently. So the record earnings that they saw in the first quarter were all retained at CPChem. That'll put CPChem in a position later this year where they have a cash balance sufficient to pay off the debt at CPChem and then, I think, we would start to see some distributions from that joint venture.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. And is it the same thing with DCP or what? Can you give us more detail on that, too?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. I think we actually -- we continue to see distributions out of DCP, the cash flow there.
Clayton C. Reasor: My understanding, Faisel, is that the funding for DCP expansion, about 2/3 of that financing comes from dropping assets down into the MLP inside of DCP, DPM. And about 1/3 of the funding of their expansion comes from either noncash expenses like DNA or from about, let's say, 10% of their net income or any cash they have on the balance sheet. So they're expecting to continue to dividend out cash, as well as fund their expansion programs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Westlake from Crédit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess some clarifications, then a question on CapEx in SAGD. Firstly, just on that $450 million in the held-for-sale category. So if we were trying to think of sort of cash flow before working capital, would $4.6 billion be closer to the right number to use?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's right. So were it not for that, we would have seen about -- when you look at our supplemental information, you'll see that working capital is basically a push for the quarter. So were it not for that reclassification, you would have had about a $500 million use of cash from working capital. But if you're looking at cash flow before the working capital changes, what you said is correct.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then on CapEx, obviously, if we take in the upstream the sort of $4.15 billion, take out $500 million for leaseholds, multiply it by 4, rack [ph] back the leaseholds, you get to about $15.1 million. And normally, CapEx in the upstream companies tends to be a bit back-end weighted. So just trying to see what might be different this year in terms of being able to hit the $15 billion of guidance.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think what's different this year is, it's not back-end loaded. We had, as many of you mentioned, the large leasehold acquisitions. We also had a fairly high spend level at the APLNG project in the first quarter as well. And we're running a pretty consistent spin through our unconventional developments like the Eagle Ford. So you won't see the same level of back-end loading in our capital program this year.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then the final question on SAGD CapEx, the presentation that Lance gave last week, it was a $2.3 billion spend in SAGD. As we focus in a little bit more granularly on some of these assets, can you maybe just talk through what the sort of run rate or spends you'd have on the SAGD would be going forward, if there's any lumpiness to it or trends?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so I need to break that into a couple of pieces there, Ed. So if you look at how we fund the Foster Creek, Christina Lake joint venture, it goes back to how the venture was set up to start with, where we are making payments into the SCCL joint venture of -- it's around $800 million or $900 million a year, every year for what will be 10 years. We're about 5 or 6 years into that right now. And Synovis is doing the same thing on the WRB side. So between that contribution that we make and the cash flows that are generated inside the joint venture, that funds SCCL CapEx for us. So the $800 million or $900 million that I talked about is the SCCL CapEx, and the rest of it is the development of the Surmont project or 50-50 joint venture with Total.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of things for me, hopefully, both relatively housekeeping. The first one is on your comments, Jeff, on shutting in gas. Can you just give us an idea, what would it take for you to bring your gas production back online? And given that prices have deteriorated somewhat since you made the decision, I guess, at the end of the fourth quarter, can you just give us some thoughts as to whether the portfolio is -- that you are still producing to date, is resilient at current gas prices? Or is it likely to get a little bit more aggressive there? My follow-up is on share buybacks, please.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, Doug, I'm not sure that we'll see much change from where we are right now. Again, maybe to reiterate some comments that we made when we talked about this previously. If you look at our gas production across the Lower 48 and Canada, North American natural gas production, probably 2/3 to 70% of it, the economics of gas production are driven by liquids prices. So you don't see much -- there's no real reason to be shutting in that gas production. It still has strong economics. Of the 30% to 1/3 that's left of that, we operate about 1/2 of that production. Generally, our partners have not wanted to shut in production. Then we'll continue to monitor the balance of what we operate that isn't where -- the gas is more dry gas for potential additional shut-ins. But right now, we wouldn't expect it to be markedly different than what we saw in the first quarter.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So, Jeff, when you say shut-in gas, are you actually shutting in wells, or are you choking them back? I'm thinking about shut-in royalty commitments that you might have.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It probably varies from place to place. I think, for the most part, we're actually shutting them in. And royalty commitments and things like that are things we look at and evaluating whether or not we shut in.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. My follow-up is really a very simple one, hopefully, on share buybacks. Whatever shares you've repurchased by the end of this month, does that still impact the share count for PSX? And can you help maybe quantify what that number would be?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. So, yes, it would impact the share count for PSX. And we've talked about doing $5 billion by the end of the second quarter. We did $2 billion, basically, in the first quarter, and it's a pretty ratable purchase across the quarter.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So just to be clear then, if you did, let's say, $3 billion in the balance of the second quarter, I'm trying to understand how much -- I know it's a very small point, really, but how much would be allocated wholly to -- $1 billion in April? Okay, great. That answers the question.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Close enough to that, but for -- around that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to confirm when you all talk about $5 billion to $10 billion of asset sales, you're not counting the Phillips 66 dividend within that. And then I guess, a related point is, when you talk about using asset sales for stock buyback, does that dividend also count as potential proceeds to supplement your stock buyback?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. Okay, no. So what we are saying on the ConocoPhillips side, is that we would anticipate over the next year that we're going to have between $8 billion and $10 billion of asset sales. And then ConocoPhillips is going to have about $5 billion of share repurchases by the end of the second quarter. And as I just mentioned, we'll probably have about $3 billion of that done by the time of the spin. Then we'll do another $2 billion probably in the balance of the second quarter. And then after that, the pace of share repurchase will sync up with the pace of further asset sales. So when we talk about asset sales, we're not trying to -- we're not counting the dividend, we're not counting the Phillips 66 shares. It's just the straight asset sales.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I think I got it then. So if you do sell $8 billion or $10 billion or some other number, that would be the ballpark by which you’d do future stock buybacks beyond what you just talked about for the second quarter?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. I think we would -- of course, we're going to be evaluating everything going forward, just where we earn cash from operations, what the investment opportunities in the portfolio look like and where we want to be on the debt balance. There'll be a lot of things that go into the mix. But if you go back to the -- really, what Jim Mulva said back in his presentation in March, where he said $5 billion by the end of the second quarter, and we hope to be around $10 billion depending on the pace of asset sales, that's the same kind of guidance we would give.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's great. And then just one E&P follow-up. You mentioned some of the work you did in the Niobrara. Where is that program for you guys? How many wells have you drilled? Where are you in terms of being sort of encouraged in terms of your position and where do you think it can go over time?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I don't have those details right in front of me. What -- we may have to get back to you on...
Clayton C. Reasor: I'd say we're early days.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, it's still pretty early days. And I'm not exactly sure how much we're talking quite yet about the Niobrara.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. And I'm sorry, just one very quick final one. The 24,000 barrels a day you said for the Bakken, is that Williston Basin or is that actually Bakken?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It's Bakken.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Kessler from Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to see if you had done any kind of -- I'm sure you have, done a look back on Bohai Bay and determined the overall financial impact as a result of the incident, and obviously, there's opportunity cost we can get with that. But there's some adjustment we have to do for the fiscal regime there, the cleanup effort directly and also the settlement. Do you have a total figure that we could use to cross-check around that?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Not that we really want to -- no, we don't, really. And we're still in the middle of discussions on Bohai Bay with the authorities there. It probably would be better for us to get everything resolved and then talk about that.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Can you give any more clarity on the fiscal take there and what -- I mean, your production volumes as reported for ConocoPhillips are already net of the sort of PSC effect. And then I guess on top of that, we need to apply an income tax, any sort of incremental excise tax or how do we think about the government take of your net share of production?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well, the production number we talked about was our net share of production, which includes the effects, the PSC effects. I mean, other -- I don't think we would really want to provide exact kind of what the fiscal regime is absolute to those barrels. I mean, it is high-quality production with good margins. It's above average production. It's above average margin for us.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And any estimate on overall dollars spent for the cleanup efforts? I mean not just -- not speaking to any kind of settlement or ongoing negotiation, but just actual cash outlay to resolve the incident?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I don't have that figure in front of me, Robert. We can probably get back to you on that one.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: I hate to belabor the share buyback question, but if I can just confirm, the $2 billion post split in the second quarter, are we to think about that as being solely at the upstream? Or is that a combination of both upstream and downstream?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's at the upstream. That's a ConocoPhillips guidance. Right.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. So at post split, it'll just continue on the upstream?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Correct.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: And then on your production guidance, obviously, we have some gas shut-in. I know you had contemplated the return of Libya. I'm not exactly sure at what level, but obviously, Libya has come back fairly quickly. In your assumptions, can you talk about what's embedded in there? In other words, are the shut-ins in natural gas already in that 1.55 to 1.6 number?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I mean it's part of the reason why we give ranges on production and guidance is that, yes, that is -- we have our uncertainties of exactly what rate Bohai will ramp back up with and just other things in our portfolio. Just as far as Libya is concerned, Libya production, I believe, in the quarter, was around 36 a day, which is about 6 higher than it was in the first quarter of 2011.
Clayton C. Reasor: And I don't really -- based on our forecast, we don't see that going higher than that for the year. I mean, it's pretty flat looking out through the remainder of 2012.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. The last one, if I could ask one on APLNG. I know it may be early days on this, but you're looking at FID, potentially, in the second quarter. My understanding is the real, I guess, incremental returns from that project were going to come from trains 3 and 4. Do you have any clue when we may be evaluating those?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think we're going to just have to see how things develop, whether ultimately, there's a train 3 or 4 or whether it makes sense to take any additional resource we find to lengthen the life of the first 2 trains or we don't know whether there may actually be capacity in others' trains that could make sense to use longer term. So it's really too early for us to try to make an estimate on whether or not there will be additional trains there. There just be a lot of options, but what we think is still a very high quality resource.
Operator: Our next question comes from Iain Reid from Jefferies.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry, I want to come back to the buybacks on asset sales again. Given the fact that you're forecasting $5 billion by the end of the second quarter, and you're now linking pretty closely your share buybacks to your asset sales, is it a fair assumption to say that by the end of the first half, you’ll have sold $5 billion of the $8 billion to $10 billion you're talking about? And what sort of production impact is that going to be?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. I think when we think of the share repurchase program we're currently doing in the first half of the year, we're more looking backwards at the asset sales that we have done in the previous -- first part of this year and the latter part of last year. So we're not -- I wouldn't carry that link across to things being done in the second quarter.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And can I ask a couple of questions on where you talked about as far as ...
Clayton C. Reasor: While on the production, Iain, I guess Vietnam is in there, right? So impact of production on second quarter from asset sales, I think, Jeff said were...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It's 20,000 to 30,000. The biggest chunk of that is Vietnam. We've got some things in the North Sea and some smaller assets in North America that could close in the second quarter, relatively small amounts there.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So 20,000 to 30,000 is really already done?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, a lot of that was Vietnam. Correct.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay, and just a couple of questions about -- you mentioned taxes and also an underlift as being fairly significant negatives in the first quarter. Is taxes kind of become the continuation of the North Sea effect in Alaska? Or is there something else there which we don't know about?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It's primarily the North Sea effect. The U.K. tax increase that happened last year.
Clayton C. Reasor: The second quarter, I guess, so it impacted the first quarter.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, right. And then Alaska, again, it's a pretty progressive tax regime at the current price environments.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And the underlift, what about that? That seems like a fairly substantial number for an underlift?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, it was fairly substantial. We see numbers of about that size. Well, really -- no, it is a fairly high number for an underlift. It's not completely unprecedented. It just has to do with timings of when cargoes get lifted.
Clayton C. Reasor: And unfortunately, the ones that did affect it were international that had relatively higher margins.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So we're talking about Australia or the U.K., something like that?
Clayton C. Reasor: Yes, above average margins.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Clayton, I just want to make sure I understand, you're saying that the underlift is primarily relate to Australia or that it's not related to Libya. I thought the underlift would be primarily related to Libya?
Clayton C. Reasor: No. The underlift is -- you have underlifts and overlifts all throughout the portfolio, so it's a netting effect that this quarter netted to that kind of number. So we were overlifted in some places, we're underlifted in others. It's just the balance this time ended up with a number that we felt was significant enough we should mention it.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And, Jeff, maybe that I must be missing something, maybe you can help me. I was looking in the first quarter, your oil and gas realization is roughly about $66.7 per BOE. It's about $2 higher than the fourth quarter. Even after I take into consideration of the underlift of $85 million, your net income for the whole year is still about $15 versus in the fourth quarter, it's about $16. Your production is actually somewhat up. So -- and you're saying that -- is that the reason why the unit cost out there -- unit margin is down? You said because, sequentially, we have a higher unit cost or is there something that we're missing?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, it's primarily driven by things like the timing on the underlift, like we've mentioned. It's driven by the fact that natural gas prices were lower in the first quarter than they were in the fourth quarter last year. NGL prices were lower in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter last year. Bitumen prices were lower in the fourth -- lower as well. Crude prices were up. And the mix of all those things...
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But, Jeff, I'm sorry, but what I did is that I did look at what you report as your crude oil price and your bitumen price and your natural gas price. I did a calculation based on what you report. Your average realization per BOE net of all those what you mentioned actually sequentially is up about $2 per barrel. That is what I am -- seems I am at a loss.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Okay, we'll have to work with you on that one. I'm not sure how your -- what your calculation is. We'll have to take that one off-line.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, I will do that, if I could. Clayton, do you have an actual fully diluted share cost [ph] at the end of the quarter, March 31?
Clayton C. Reasor: We probably do. Do you have that, Jeff?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, I just have the average in front of me. No, I don't. We can get that to you. I mean it will be on the face of the 10-Q that we file next week.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So I mean you guys have it, that you can show me a complete [indiscernible] per share?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, we can do that.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And that the reposition cost, Jeff, do you guys have an estimate on what that total is going to be?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So it was $95 million in the first quarter. It's been $120 million if you look at across the fourth quarter and the first quarter. It's going to be -- you'll see it. It'll be hard to track after this because it's going to be reported in 2 separate companies. But most -- probably the majority of the repositioning costs are behind us now.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then on a going-forward basis, on a sustainable basis, what is the estimated increase in your higher G&A costs at the 2 separate companies? Do you have a number that you can share?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It'll split evenly between the companies, and for both companies, I think we're saying it'll be around $75 million to $100 million.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Per year?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Per year, right.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Pretax or after-tax basis?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's an after-tax number.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: After-tax. Okay. And in Poland, Jeff, is there some drilling result you can share with us so far?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: There's not drilling results that we are sharing yet.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. The final 2 questions. In Bakken, Permian Basin and Eagle Ford, do you have a breakdown of what is your production as a percentage of frac oil, condensate and NGL?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so Eagle Ford is 60% crude or condensate.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Do you have a further breakdown between crude oil and condensate?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, I don't, because those 2 price very similarly.
Clayton C. Reasor: About 20% NGLs.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: About 20% NGLs and about 20% natural gas. The Bakken is basically 90% crude and 5%, say, NGLs and 5% gas. Permian is...
Clayton C. Reasor: I got it. 53% -- or 50% to 55% crude; 10% to 15% NGLs; and the balance would be gas.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's of our current Permian production. So if you look at the things we're bringing on there, I think there's probably a higher weighting to the liquids side.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And it seems that, I mean, the refinery, don't we need one condensate per se? So that's why I wanted to see a breakdown between the condensate and frac oil. I mean, as of today, I don't think there's such a big difference in terms of the pricing. But is it possible that over the next 2 or 3 years, as we continue to ramp up the condensate and with no readily available local market for that, we would start to see big differences between the condensate pricing and the frac oil pricing?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's something I don't have a view on right now, Paul.
Clayton C. Reasor: Yes, I mean I guess, you're saying that our refineries aren't going to be interested in running very light liquids production [indiscernible] find a home outside the U.S.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, I mean, you're going to max out on your distillation tower on the very late end. So I mean, there’s really not much you can run, especially if you're going to see more of the WCS coming down, then they will occupy some of the light barrel, light column already.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I'm sure we will see some short-term dislocations in the market as we build out these plays in the next few years. But longer term, when you think about products like propanes, butanes, condensates, those are something that you can export. So that will also help any differentials that might be there.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Clayton, is there any possibility if you can, say, maybe help us there by giving us the breakdown between your condensate and your frac oil mix in those areas? That would be really appreciated.
Clayton C. Reasor: Yes, we've got some follow-up to do with you, Paul.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, we have a question from Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Kind of a big picture one about the dividend. You will have unquestionably the highest dividend yield of any independent oil and gas company. And I'm just curious, your thoughts on how that positions you vis-à-vis the investment days. It's obviously not a typical, not a commonplace model for independence. So just your thoughts on that.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's a great question because that is really kind of a fundamental difference of ConocoPhillips and much else that's out there in the marketplace today. And you can see that when we put out our investor update, we titled it as a new class of investment, kind of pointing out that difference. I mean, in many ways, we've got the assets of a major. We're going to try to have the nimbleness and culture of an independent. But from a distribution point of view, we feel like we're of a size and of a maturity, and in an industry where shareholders should be expecting that a significant portion of cash flow comes back to them in the form of a dividend. And we've talked about that being 20% to 25% of our cash flow. And that ends up giving us a dividend that's like what the integrated company has today. And we recognize that, that's going to give us a pretty high yield going out of the box. But we think that's an issue, not with the dividend, but with the share price, and that that's going to be something that will change over time. We still would be looking to maintain that kind of payout ratio longer term and also to see increases in the dividend as our earnings and our cash flow grows over time.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on that same point, is there an oil price level where you would begin to be concerned about maintaining share buyback at the rate that you're currently doing, especially given that, I think as you indicated, your asset sale program may not extend that much into 2013?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well, as prices change, we're always looking at the whole mix of things that we use our cash flow for. Though, basically, we want to maintain a capital program that's fairly consistent across the years, we don't want to be moving that up and down. We want to have a dividend that's, like I just discussed, that's at the level it is today and grows over time. We've got a lot of capacity on our balance sheet to handle short-term swings in prices. So if we get a big change in prices, we'll look and adjust. But in the near term, it probably would not see large adjustments on the upside or the downside as prices moved either up or down to the size of our capital program. And on share repurchases, we're always going to be evaluating what the best use of our proceeds are. As we look out today, we think it's reasonable guidance to say that we'll be using proceeds from asset sales to fund share repurchases.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session due to time constraints. I will now turn the conference back to Mr. Reasor for closing remarks.
Clayton C. Reasor: Well, thank you, and thank you for the interest in ConocoPhillips, as well as the individual entities going forward. We look forward to further discussions in the future. Again, you'll find a transcript of this call and the presentation material on the ConocoPhillips website. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: C. C. Reasor - Vice President of Investor Relations, Strategy & Corporate Affairs Jeffrey Wayne Sheets - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kim, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Relations. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.
C. C. Reasor: Great. Good morning. Welcome to ConocoPhillips' fourth quarter earnings conference call. We appreciate your interest in our company. I'm joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and our CFO. This morning, we'll provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the fourth quarter, as well as our outlook for 2012. As in the past, you can find our presentation material on the Investor Relations section of ConocoPhillips' website. Please take a look at the Safe Harbor statement that we have on the bottom of this slide. It's a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the question-and-answer session. And actual results may be materially different from what's presented today. And factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our filings with the SEC.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Sheets to take you through our fourth quarter results. Jeff?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Thanks, Clayton. I'll start with an overview of our fourth quarter, which is on Slide 2. During the quarter, our earnings adjusted for special items were $2.7 billion or $2.02 a share. That's up from $1.9 billion or $1.32 a share in the fourth quarter of last year. Our annualized return on capital employed was 13%. We generated cash from operations of $5.8 billion, which is $4.39 per share.  In E&P, our production of 1.6 million BOE per day was higher than the prior quarter and slightly above our expectations. In R&M, our global refining capacity utilization rate was 94%. We made significant progress on our asset disposition program with the sale of the Colonial, Seaway Crude and Seaway Products pipelines for $2.4 billion in proceeds during the quarter. Our repurchase of 46 million shares is quite a represented 3% of our shares outstanding, and we ended the year with $6.4 billion in cash and short-term investments.  So I'll turn to Slide 3 and talk about those earnings in more detail. Reported earnings for the quarter were $3.4 billion, which included $723 million of special items. Special items included $1.5 billion in net gains from asset sales, largely resulting from the pipeline dispositions I just mentioned. We also had $649 million of impairments. The large impairments included $395 million related to our investment in the Naryanmarneftegaz joint venture in Russia and $190 million for certain conventional and natural gas properties in Canada. Other special items in Q4 included $101 million in settlement and other costs related to the Bohai Bay incident and $25 million related to our repositioning efforts. So taking these special items into account, adjusted earnings were $2.7 billion, which is about $750 million higher than the fourth quarter of 2010. Our E&P segment improved by around $500 million, primarily due to stronger crude oil and LNG prices, offset by higher taxes. R&M's fourth quarter adjusted earnings of $200 million were basically unchanged from a year ago. And combined, our other segments contributed about $250 million to the increase in earnings this quarter, and we'll go through more detail on that on some subsequent slides.  So let's go to Slide 4 and look at our 2011 full year earnings. So full year 2011 adjusted earnings were $12 billion, which were more than $3 billion improved from 2010. All of our business segments generated better financial results in 2011 than in 2010. So excluding the LUKOIL segment, for which we stopped recording equity earnings in the fourth quarter of 2010 and which had $1.25 billion of earnings in Q4 '10, our adjusted earnings increased by $4.6 billion from 2010 to 2011.  So next, we'll go through some detail on our segment earnings and we'll start with the production levels in our Upstream business which are highlighted on Slide 5. Fourth quarter production was 1.6 million BOE per day. That's down 8% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. If you exclude the impact of dispositions and the suspension of our operations in China and Libya, production was down 1% over this time period. Asset dispositions reduced production by about 30,000 BOE per day. 14 or so of that was from North America natural gas production. In Libya, production was down 43,000 BOE per day compared to the same period last year. Production in Libya started again in late November and continues to ramp up and current production levels are around 20,000 BOE per day. In Russia, we continue to have difficulties with the reservoir in the YK field, and our production was down 23,000 BOE per day in that area. In Bohai Bay, our production was 38,000 BOE per day, lower than a year ago. ConocoPhillips continued the depressurization plan for the field and continues to work with our co-venture and regulatory agencies related to Bohai Bay. So excluding these items I just discussed, increases in production from exploitation drilling, well performance and production from major projects offset decreases associated with decline and downtime.  So some things going to -- compared to the same period of last year, fourth quarter production highlights included a 44,000 BOE per day increase in production from our Lower 48 liquids-rich shale plays, the Eagle Ford and the Barnett; 32,000 BOE per day increase from Qatargas 3 project; and a 13,000 BOE per day increase associated with new wells at our SCCL joint venture from the Christina Lake Phase C ramp-up.  So we'll see similar drivers when we look at our full year production numbers on Slide 6. For the full year 2011, production was 1.62 million BOE per day, which was down 8% from 2010. Excluding the impacts of dispositions in Libya and China, production was down 2% or about 30,000 BOE per day. Asset dispositions for the year reduced production by 48,000 BOE per day, 17,000 of which was North America natural gas of production. Libya production was down 39,000 BOE per day and production out of Russia was down 23,000 BOE per day, compared to the same period last year. And the full year impact of reduced production at Bohai Bay was 15,000 BOE per day. Like the fourth quarter numbers, 2011 project and drilling performance highlights included significant increases at QG3 and in our North American unconventional plays. And these increases largely offset declines in the rest of our portfolio.  So now I'll turn to E&P earnings, which is on Slide 7. Adjusted E&P earnings for the quarter were $2.3 billion. This is 27% higher than the fourth quarter of last year. This increase was primarily driven by higher crude and NGL prices and these prices drove both our U.S. and our international adjusted earnings higher. Our earnings in the fourth quarter reflected a $3.50 Henry Hub natural gas price. In addition to price impact, lower DD&A and favorable FX impacts increased earnings this quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. Adjusted earnings were negatively impacted this quarter versus a year ago by lower sales volumes and higher costs. Costs were higher primarily due to the U.K. tax law change and the fact that the QG3 project was fully online.  So next, I'll move to Slide 8 and talk about some of our E&P unit metrics. Our cash and income per BOE metrics were better than a year ago and better than the third quarter. For the year, income per BOE was $15.72, which has improved over $10.56 in 2010. Full year cash margins increased from $23.22 to $27.46 in 2011. Now this improvement largely reflects the increase in commodity prices, but there's also a small margin enhancement related to changes in our production mix, and we'll continue to focus on improving margins by shifting our portfolio to a higher margin production as we go forward.  So next, let's look at R&M earnings on Slide 9. R&M adjusted earnings of $200 million were basically flat with the fourth quarter of last year. So R&M are offsetting impacts earnings this quarter. Refining margins were lower and that was offset by lower cost and higher volumes and higher marketing margins. And with the exception of the Mid-Continent area, the Refining & Marketing environment in the fourth quarter was generally worse than the refining market we saw in the fourth quarter 2010. This quarter, our refining margins benefited by approximately $180 million, related to the impact of liquidating inventory associated with the portfolio changes we made during 2011. As compared to the fourth quarter 2010, our volumes were benefit to earnings as global utilization rates were 94%. And costs related to turnarounds were $90 million pretax during the fourth quarter, which is $117 million less than the same period a year earlier and utility costs were also lower primarily as a result of lower natural gas prices.  So if you look at the full year 2011, R&M generated $2.6 billion in adjusted earnings and $4.1 billion in operating cash flow.  So we look at the R&M unit metrics on Slide 10, the per barrel metrics for Refining & Marketing were similar to a year ago and down significantly from the third quarter this year. The fourth quarter income per BOE was $0.70 and the cash contribution was $1.50. For the year, income margins of $2.29 per BOE were improved over 2011 margins of $1.10 per BOE. We continue to look for ways to improve our margins through processing more advantaged crudes and increasing our clean product yield. An example of this is the Wood River refinery, where at current market prices, we expect about a $4 per barrel uplift in Wood River's margins as a result of the CORE project startup in November of this year.  We'll take a look at the results of our other operating segments on Slide 11. Adjusted earnings increased in both our Chemicals and our Midstream segments. Chemicals earnings of $156 million improved primarily as a result of higher volumes from international projects. 2011 earnings in this segment were $745 million, up from $498 million in 2010. Midstream earnings increased $27 million up to $118 million in 2011 in the fourth quarter of 2011, reflecting improvements in NGL prices. 2011 Midstream earnings for the year were $458 million, up from $306 million in 2010. Adjusted Corporate expenses were $154 million this quarter. This was lower than what we expected due to favorable foreign exchange impacts, higher capitalized interest and lower interest expense.  So now, we'll -- let's talk about cash flow on Slide 12. In the fourth quarter, we generated $5.8 billion in cash from operations, which includes $1 billion decrease -- $1 billion due to a decrease in working capital. Also, during the quarter, we closed several asset dispositions resulting in proceeds of $2.7 billion. During the fourth quarter, we funded a $4 billion capital program, $3.5 billion of which was directed towards E&P. We also paid $4 billion in shareholder distributions, split between $3.1 billion in share repurchases and $900 million in dividends. This quarter, we also reduced debt by $527 million through the retirement of some notes that matured. And we ended the year with $5.8 billion in cash and $600 million in short-term investments. So that's looking at our fourth quarter cash flow.  What we'll do on Slide 13 is look at our full year sources and uses of cash. So if you look at all of 2011, we generated $24 billion between cash from operations, asset disposition and the sale of our LUKOIL shares, and we reduced our cash and short-term investment position by $4 billion. The cash from operations number of $19.6 billion in 2011 was $2.6 billion higher than the cash from operations in 2010. So the cash from operations funded a capital program of $14 billion, as well as our dividend of $3.6 billion. Our asset dispositions of $4.8 billion in 2011 included $1.2 billion from our -- sale of our remaining interest in LUKOIL. And these proceeds, along with cash from our previous asset sales largely funded the $11 billion share repurchase program. And during the year, we also reduced debt by $969 million.  So we'll turn to Slide 14 and look at our capital structure. At the end of 2011, our equity was down $3 billion compared to the end of 2010, largely as a result of our share repurchase program. Our debt balance was $22.6 billion, which was down $1 billion from the end of 2010. So that left our debt-to-capital ratio at 26% for the year.  So next, we'll move to Slide 15 and talk about some capital efficiency metrics. 2011, return on capital employed is 14%, which is up from the 2010 ROCE number of 10%, and our cash returned in 2011 was 23% versus 20% in 2010. The year-over-year improvements in ROCE were primarily driven by increased improved liquids prices and stronger refining margins, as well as lower capital employed as a result of our share repurchase program. So looking at ROCEs on a segment level, E&P ROCE improved from 12% to 16%, while R&M ROCE improved from 5% to 13%. The Chemicals segment had a 2011 ROCE of 29%, which is up from 22% last year, and Midstream was 57% in 2011, up from 34% in 2010.  So that completes the review of our fourth quarter 2011 results, and I'd like to next move and talk about and give you an update on our 2010 through 2012 repositioning efforts. So in late 2009, we laid out plans to reposition ConocoPhillips. We've made significant progress on these initiatives and plan to largely finish those in 2012. We've made changes to our portfolio in the past 2 years with $10.7 billion in asset sales and $9.5 billion of proceeds from our sale of our 20% interest in LUKOIL. Additionally, we have reduced refining capacity by about 500,000 barrels per day since the end of 2009. And we expect to continue an asset sales program of $5 billion to $10 billion during 2012. We continue to progress our plans to create 2 leading energy companies, and we updated the Phillips 66 Form 10 in January, and the distribution of the Phillips 66 shares and the completion of that transaction is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2012, possibly as early as May.  Another key part of our 3-year plan is enhancing returns. As I just discussed, our returns improved significantly over this time period, and we continue to focus our capital on higher-margin production to help drive margins and returns higher. We've also focused on improving our financial flexibility and we reduced debt by $6 billion over the last 2 years. The company's in good financial position today with a debt to cap of 26% and cash and short-term investments of $6 billion. And we've grown shareholder distributions with $15 billion in share repurchases in 2010 and 2011, with an additional $5 billion to $10 billion plan for 2012 as we continue to execute the asset sales program. And we remain committed to maintaining a competitive dividend that increases annually.  So we've outlined our plans, and you can turn to Slide 17 and see some of the impact that, that has on our per-share metrics. If you look at Slide 17, you see our reserves per share increased 12% from 2010 to 2011, went from 5.7 BOE per share in 2010 to 6.4 BOE per share in 2011. And our production per share, when you adjust for the impact of the events in Libya, increased 5% from 2010 to 2011. And we expect that, that will increase this year by another 3% to 5%.  So I'll wrap up with some forward-looking comments before we open up the line to questions. Some guidance for 2012, starting with our R&M business. We expect turnaround activity to be about $450 million pretax, with about 40% of that activity occurring in the first quarter 2012, and global refining capacity utilization is expected to be in the low 90s in 2012. In E&P, we expect 2012 production to be about 1.6 million BOE per day, excluding the impact of any additional asset sales. And the guidance we would give around the impact of additional asset sales is that could reduce production by 50,000 to 100,000 BOE per day, and this production guidance assumes that we have some restoration of our production in Libya and Bohai Bay.  As we announced earlier this week, we had 2011 organic reserve replacement of 120%. Of the organic reserves we added last year, less than 10% were from natural gas and Lower 48 in Canada. We'll report our F&D costs when we file our 10-K in late February, but we expect those to be in the $15 to $20 per BOE range. As we previously indicated, our capital budget for 2012 was $15.5 billion, and 90% of this will be directed towards E&P. We expect our 2012 exploration expense to be around $1.2 billion, and I'll make a few comments about our progress in developing our exploration portfolio in some core areas.  First, in Australia, we have plans to commence a 5 to 7 well appraisal program around the Poseidon discovery later this quarter. In Angola, we've officially received our operating licenses for Blocks 36 and 37, and we've committed to a seismic program that's going to begin this quarter. In the Gulf of Mexico, we've participated in the recent deepwater lease sale where ConocoPhillips was a successful bidder representing an expenditure of about $157 million net for 75 blocks in the pale Eugene play. And we continue to pursue high-quality liquids-rich unconventional opportunities. In 2011, we added 500,000 acres in North America shale plays in areas that include the Avalon, the Wolfcamp, the Niobrara and the Lower 48 and the Duvernay and the Canol in Canada. In the Caspian, we expect to spud the Nursultan well later this quarter.  So now I'll shift to our progress in growing our liquids-rich shale business in North America. That's the Eagle Ford, the Bakken, the Permian and the Cardium plays. First, at Eagle Ford, we are currently running 16 rigs in the play. We expect to maintain a 16 rig count average and drill about 180 wells in 2012. Production in late December was around 50,000 BOE per day, and we continue to see some impacts from curtailments related to infrastructure constraints as a result of the higher well volumes and the increasing liquid content and just our ongoing development activity. We would anticipate that average production from the Eagle Ford should grow to around 100,000 BOE per day by the end of 2012. In the Permian, in the Bakken, we are running a total of 12 -- 10 rigs and expect to increase this by as much as 50% during 2012. The fourth quarter production at the Permian and Bakken averaged 50,000 BOE per day and 18,000 BOE per day, respectively. The Permian activities are focused around the Avalon, the Wolfberry and the Wolfcamp, and we're using both horizontal and vertical drilling techniques there.  So in addition to our efforts on shale, we're progressing major projects globally. During the quarter, the APLNG joint venture announced 2 sales agreements that complete the marketing of APLNG's second train, with the sanctioning of this train construction expected during first quarter of 2012. In conjunction with this LNG sale to Sinopec, the joint venture partners also agreed to terms which will allow Sinopec to raise their equity interest in the project from 15% to 25%.  In the North Sea, the development of our Jasmine field's under way, with startup expected later this year. We expect peak production rates of around 34,000 BOE per day in 2013 from that development. Our Ekofisk South and Eldfisk 2 projects continue to progress, and production from both these projects are expected in 2013 and 2014, respectively. The Wood River CORE project started operations in mid-November, and it's resulting in a 5% increase in the clean product yield at that refinery. Our Chemicals joint venture plans to build a world scale 1.5 million metric tons per year ethylene cracker and 2, 500,000 metric ton per year polyethylene units near its existing Cedar Bayou facility or near a site, near the CPChem Sweeny Area facility in Old Ocean, Texas. And the estimated project completion date for these will be 2017. And our Midstream joint venture has several growth projects underway. These include developments in Niobrara, Permian, Eagle Ford and the Granite Wash plays, along with logistic opportunities in the Mid-Continent area.  And finally, a couple of items from the Corporate perspective. 2012 DD&A is estimated to be similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter this year, and Corporate expenses in 2012 are expected to be around $1 billion on an annual basis, excluding any onetime impacts related to the repositioning efforts.  So that concludes the prepared remarks, so we're ready to open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, we have a question from Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of domestic production questions. You've had a very good sequential growth in your Lower 48 liquids production. It looks like throughout this year 10,000 to 14,000 barrels a day quarter-on-quarter growth. Jeff, you mentioned that some of that is working through the backlog, though there's still a little bit of a backlog. How can we think about these numbers over the course of 2012? You've got a big ramp-up in the Eagle Ford coming. You mentioned the Permian and the Bakken. Are these the types of sequential growth rates that are doable in your Lower 48 liquids business?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so maybe just talking about Eagle Ford, so as we mentioned, the Eagle Ford is going from, we think, 50,000 a day to around 100,000 at the end of 2012. We probably have around 10,000 BOE per day that's held back because of infrastructure constraints.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And that number used to be like a 30 kind of number if I'm remembering correctly, in terms of backlog production?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It comes and goes. So as we've commented, as Eagle Ford continues to ramp up, we'll be probably working with infrastructure constraints on through this year and on into 2013. I think that once we get beyond the 2013, we feel like the infrastructure constraints will be largely behind us. So if you just looked at Eagle Ford and the Bakken and the Permian, maybe those, our fourth quarter production from those areas was around 116,000 BOE per day, and that was right at 50,000 out of Eagle Ford, about 18,000 out of the Permian, and -- about 18,000 out of Bakken and 50,000 out of the Permian. We see that over time that those are going to grow to where they get to be in the 2013 to 2015 time period of over 250,000 to maybe 275,000 BOE per day. And it's going to just increase just fairly steadily over that time period.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. Conversely, on the gas side, obviously, very low gas price, too.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Right.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about where your gas rig count was in 2011 or where it ended the year, whatever metric you have, where it's going in 2012? And then what you think that means in terms of what happens to your Lower 48 gas volumes in 2012?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think our Lower 48 gas volumes will continue to decline. I don't have a...
C. C. Reasor: We've got, I think we've got 1 rig running at Lobo, which is primarily gas...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Right.
C. C. Reasor: And San Juan's got some liquids with it, but we've got 4 rigs running there. So of the 35 to 40 rigs in the Lower 48.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Right.
C. C. Reasor: Less than 5 of them are really pointing toward gas.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Right.
C. C. Reasor: And I don't think we've got much capital in 2012 allocated towards new gas drilling.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: If you look at gas drilling, it's in the few hundreds of millions of dollars of our capital program that is addressed towards gas drilling. And even that level of expenditure, given the more recent developments in natural gas pricing is something that we're looking pretty closely at.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So would a high single-digit decline rate be a fair number if you're spending essentially no capital on pure gas?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's probably a fair number, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: I know Arjun just kind of covered natural gas, but I had to question that in the past, I know during weak gas pricing periods, we've seen Conoco shut in production. I was curious if we're going to hear something on that front this morning. Is that in the cards here near term?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. Let me talk about -- that's a good question. Let me talk about gas production. So our fourth quarter natural gas production in Canada and the Lower 48 was around 2.5 Bcf a day, so 400, and maybe a little -- 400, 410 MBOE per day. So if we -- as we look across that portfolio, there's probably 2/3 of it, which where the economics are really driven by liquids production and not natural gas prices. So kind of off the top, there's a portion of our portfolio which is just not going to make sense to shut in. Then if you look at -- so maybe 1.5 out of that 2.5 Bcf of natural gas is really associated with liquids production. Looking at, say, the remaining Bcf a day, some of that we operate, some of that they don't operate, and we have partners on a lot of that production as well, and partners have different views about shut-ins. But most, I think our partners generally not wanting to shut in natural gas and lose the cash flow associated with that. So we are looking at the portion of our production that we can -- that we kind of control that decision entirely on, and think that we will have some shut-ins of natural gas going forward and it's going to be on the order of 100 million cubic feet a day, or something like 15,000 to 20,000 BOE per day going forward, and we'll continue to watch that as we -- as the year goes on and we see how the natural gas markets develop.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: That's great. Very helpful. And the last question I had for you: I was curious if you have any update on Venezuela. Obviously, one of your peers has had a -- I guess you could say less than favorable arbitration results recently, and I'm just curious if you have any comments you could make.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so you're referring to the Exxon -- really that got into their ICC arbitration. So we chose not to pursue ICC arbitration and then chose -- instead chose to pursue exit arbitration, which is the World Bank process. We've been through that hearing. We're waiting ruling on that, which we expect will occur, could occur any -- early this year even. But we can't really be certain of the timing of that. And we still feel very good about the case we have there. Again, like we said on previous calls with the initial ruling will be a battle, will probably not result in a number, but will result in kind of the parameters around -- which the number will be calculated and then we'll have a period where that will be done and there'll be a period where appeals can also happen. So we're still at least 2 or 3 years away from having something that we can collect.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a quick question. Going back to, you gave some numbers on the unconventional volumes in the U.S. In the Bakken, you said you did what, about 15,000 barrels a day right now, of equipment production?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: About 18,000.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: 18,000, okay. And at Permian you're doing around...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: 50,000.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: 15,000, okay.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: 50,000. 5,0. 50,000.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: 5,0, okay. That makes sense. And then if you can just contrast the Bakken to the Eagle Ford for a second here, because in the Eagle Ford, you guys are running 16 rigs. You're doing 50,000 barrels a day, going to 100,000. In the Bakken, you're going from 10 to 15 rigs and you're only doing about 18,000. I mean is -- are the economics that much better in the Eagle Ford for you than in the Bakken? Or is there some sort of a ramp-up period or well backlog that we're waiting for in the Bakken to come online?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It's both of those things, Faisel. The economics are better for us in the Eagle Ford than they are in the Bakken so that will have priority as we think about where we're allocating our capital. We hold our leases in the Bakken on a long-term basis and don't need to do drilling there in order to maintain our acreage position. So we're taking a very measured approach there. We don't want to get ahead of infrastructure in the Bakken. So you'll see us continue to ramp up our activities there. They're good strong return projects, but it's not as strong as what's -- what we have in the Eagle Ford.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And just one question on the asset sale program, you announced the Colonial sale. You announced the Seaway sale. Is there -- are there other logistics assets that you guys are looking to divest of? Or are we still expected from here on out for most of the asset sales to be on the upstream side?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think the upstream sides and we are -- have a marketing process that's going on, on 2 refineries right now as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of things. I don't know if I missed this in your prepared remarks, Jeff, but what is the current status of Bohai Bay? Are you back on stream? Are you allowed to bring it back up and what is its production level if you can help us out, first of all?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So production levels were down about 30,000, I think we said 33,000 a day in the fourth quarter, from our previous levels which was our kind of our 45,000, 50,000 level.
C. C. Reasor: 15,000 to 20,000 barrels a day.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: In the fourth quarter. So we are working through a process of getting a revised field operating and development plan approved. We're working that with the relevant agencies in China where we hope to proceed with that as soon as we can. But we can't really give you guidance on exactly when that's going to occur.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So, Clayton, the numbers are currently at about 15,000 to 20,000. Is that still a good run rate as we look forward for now?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well, I think we could see that actually -- it'll vary during 2012. It could potentially be lower in the first quarter and then improve as the year goes out.
C. C. Reasor: Yes, it's as good as anything that we can give you right now.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. I hate to pound on the issue of shutting in gas production, but if I may just get some clarification there that -- so you're suggesting you could maybe shut in about $100 million a day. Is that operated or are there third-party production that you might have an interest in as well that might change out further? A little bit of clarity on that would be appreciated, Jeff, please.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So that's just looking at the things that we operate where we largely control the decision, I think...
C. C. Reasor: And that don't have any liquids production.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Because they don't have any significant liquid production or don't have any kind of operational concerns that you have to work through with shutting in. I think this will be a subject that gets discussed quite a bit between partners all throughout the industry as we go forward. And that could change if we have persistent low natural gas prices. But our kind of immediate guidance is that it looks like the numbers we said, something on the order of 15,000 to 20,000 BOE per day or around 100,000.
C. C. Reasor: Up to that amount, I guess, would be more...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Is what it looks like we'll be moving on soon.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then my final one, if I can squeeze one more in is just a very quick update please on the infrastructure in the Eagle Ford. I mean clearly, the ramp-up has continued to go very, very strong. So are you managing to keep up with that? And I'll leave it at that.
C. C. Reasor: Yes, there are a couple of things that have happened in the fourth quarter. There's -- so takeaway capacity's increased significantly in the fourth quarter over the third. There's additional trucks. There's a new condensate pipeline station which came online in late September. As Jeff mentioned, we have some production curtailment due to infrastructure constraints as a result of well volumes, but we're going to work with several companies to increase offtake capacity in the near and long-term and get transportation commitments set up for condensate and also increase or invest in increasing gas gathering and processing capacity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Clayton, can we just talk about the splits? I know you've been fairly specific about this, but I just wanted to reconfirm the date for the intended split. And then I had a question which you may not frankly be able to answer. But if the cash from operations you talked about in 2011, I think it was $19.6 billion, could you separate the upstream and downstream components of that? And perhaps spin forward your latest thoughts on versus whether or not it's a 2011 cash flow, whatever else you assume that cycle cash flow would be, how the upstream and downstream companies in your latest thinking, will be spending money in growing. You mentioned a major Chemicals project in your prepared remarks, for example. Any further just updates on the split process would be great.
C. C. Reasor: Sure. I think Jeff mentioned that you see the split occurring in the second quarter as early as May. I still think that's probably where we want to stay.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so we're progressing well and kind of the things that you're seeing some Form 10s filed and the revisions of those filed. We're progressing well on our RS.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So no major hurdles essentially as far as you can tell?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, I think things are progressing well to get in the second quarter and it could happen as early as May.
C. C. Reasor: In terms of your 2011 cash flow question, we gave you net income for R&M...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. So I think, so we generated basically $20 billion of cash flow in 2011. Broadly speaking, 80% of that $16 billion or so came from upstream and 20%, $4 billion, came from downstream.
C. C. Reasor: Yes, I've got $3.75 billion in net income from R&M and $850 million in DD&A. So yes...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: From special items.
C. C. Reasor: It's got some special items in it that you have to pull out, but we disclose those. And then you've got also on the cash flow, you've got of course, the dividends that are coming out of the Chemicals and the Midstream business.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Right. So I think upstream will be spending its money predominantly on organic growth, and we've talked a lot about that, what the projects are that are making that up and that we anticipate that we'll be seeing 3% to 4% production growth.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Around $15 billion a year for spending?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: $14 billion. So we've announced the $15.5 billion capital program for 2012, and that's basically $14 billion upstream and...
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: $1.5 billion?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion downstream and a few couple hundred million of other expenses, other expenditures. So upstream, we'll be executing that organic growth program and that's what -- the production increases, and as we've -- equally significant, the changes are in our portfolio, which are going to drive increases in cash margins for BOE are what is -- are the growth drivers for upstream. And then downstream, we'll be...
C. C. Reasor: For downstream, there's probably $1 billion or so of capital that goes into the R&M business as far as just keeping our refineries safe and making sure that we've got, doing the right things around our refining business. The excess cash flow coming out of Phillips 66, we're talking internally about where that goes right now, whether that's into Chemicals or Midstream ventures. Those are probably more likely candidates for the free cash flow that comes out of the business. But we'll be able to provide you with more of our thinking about that before the split.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Before May, you'll be coming back with a more specific set of go-forward assumptions?
C. C. Reasor: Yes, the plan -- we're not going to have an -- the typical Analyst Meeting that we have in March, we've decided not to have. But we do plan on meeting with you and with others in the financial community about what our plans are both at Phillips 66 and with ConocoPhillips. I think both Ryan and Greg will be available to the Street and we'll -- we haven't scheduled that. But think about a March or April timeframe when we'll be out there and be able to fill you in a bit more on what our thinking is.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just one, I guess, the main issue in my mind, Clayton and Jeff is the buyback, and just can you remind us what happens with the buyback at once we've split, how that works going forward?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So we are -- we talked about asset sales of $5 billion to $10 billion, and that's pretty heavily weighted to the upstream side of the business, and going forward, when we said that share repurchases will generally kind of track along with that, which says that we are continuing to buy shares currently, not at the same rates that we were buying them last year. But we're going -- so you'll see first quarter that there'll be some buybacks that occur actually in the first quarter. Then the pace of buybacks will depend upon the pace of our asset sales program, and that really goes for ConocoPhillips both before and after the split of the downstream company. And the downstream company, as Clayton mentioned, they'll be out -- will be out before the split, talking more about how we're going to be allocating cash in that business.
C. C. Reasor: Yes, the thinking, at least right now, around use of cash in Phillips 66 post-split, I would say, we've prioritized the first couple of billion or so towards debt reduction versus share repurchase. But those decisions have yet to be made.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, that's great. I think you've given me enough pieces there to fit it again, together. Which is very finally, Clayton, on the asset sales, within Phillips 66, could you -- is there any update on, I think, it was Alliance and Trainer that were publicly known to be out there?
C. C. Reasor: Yes, I think we don't really have updates. I think data rooms are open I think we're -- indicative bids are -- the deadline's coming up and we'll take a look at what comes in and then make our decisions going forward. We don't have anything to add from what we already talked about earlier on Trainer or Alliance.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But news shortly?
C. C. Reasor: If -- maybe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gilman from The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of things, if I could. Did the endeavor sale of the U.K. assets close in the fourth quarter?
C. C. Reasor: First quarter, was it...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, that's still yet to close.
C. C. Reasor: Right. Did not close.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, anything going on with respect to the Vietnam sale? There've been a lot of talk in the trades about bids that you've received, yet haven't heard much of anything in terms of discussions coming to a conclusion.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think we're going to give you the same answer we've been giving you on asset sales as we just are working through a lot of different processes, and we -- it's not helpful to us to try to have a lot of information out until we get kind of to a finishing point on those. So not -- I'm afraid there's not much we can update on you -- update you on there.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And in terms of the Eagle Ford production numbers, Jeff and Clayton, that you talked about, still running about 70% liquids? And do you expect as the numbers build to maintain that kind of liquids ratio?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think we see more like 75% liquids, and yes, that is our expectation going forward.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: You think you'll hold it at that level?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay.
C. C. Reasor: And of course, Mark, I think the classification for the liquids there are -- is retrograde condensate is the term that's used internally to describe those liquids.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: I'm not sure what you mean by that, Clayton.
C. C. Reasor: The volume just has [indiscernible].
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: As opposed to NGL, you mean?
C. C. Reasor: Well, no, this is -- I mean it is -- there's an NGL component but it's primarily condensate.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It's a high-value liquid.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, okay. All right. And in terms of the LIFO item, if I can call it that, in the fourth quarter, can I assume that's entirely U.S., that it's an after-tax figure and that it's included in your recorded and published refining margin?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, it is. Yes. It's all U.S. and all -- it is after-tax and it is included.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: And one final one for me. There's been a fair amount of talk -- this isn't actually asset sales-oriented, but I've seen a fair amount of talk that you may be seeking partners either for your Eagle Ford activities and/or your Canadian oil sands outside of the partnerships with Synovus. Can you comment on the veracity of that?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So we intend to pursue Eagle Ford as 100% development going forward. So I hadn't heard that one, but we can tell you that there's nothing behind that. We are investigating options for our oil sands properties outside of the Foster Creek, Christina Lake joint venture. We think there's quite a bit of interest in properties like that. So we're going -- we'll do some things to find out how the market would value those and make our decisions going forward based on what we find out. But we would intend to maintain interest in the properties outside of FCCL. It's just a question whether we might -- would it be value to bringing in a partner to develop those.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: And Jeff, that would include Surmont?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, it would include Surmont.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, final one for me, excluding the WRB partnership, give me a rough idea of the WTI reference priced crude that you ran in the fourth quarter, taking the partnership out of the equation.
C. C. Reasor: This is fourth quarter WTI?
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: The fourth quarter WTI reference x WRB?
C. C. Reasor: X Borger and Wood River is going to be -- I think it's going to be around 200,000 barrels a day, but let us check our numbers. Including those 2, it's somewhere between 450,000 and 500,000. So I just have to back out what Borger and Wood River represent.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, well, that's pretty much 100% on those 2, isn't it? If WTI reference, if you include WCS is WTI reference crude?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, and we have half of Borger and half of Wood River so that's what? That's 350,000 or 250,000?
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, something like that.
C. C. Reasor: 250,000.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: I mean, the math seems to work.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It's 200,000 to 250,000, something like that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Several quick questions. Jeff, you say $180 million of the inventory gain pretax number. Should we just assume a 35% tax rate?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's probably a good assumption, yes.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. In the Bohai Bay, the press release talking about the settlement with the compensation fund. Is that settled or the lawsuit update or that there's other things that are still pending we should be aware?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So the settlement is for the fisheries that were potentially impacted by the spill, which is the primary issue that we were dealing with. So we -- that's probably about all we can say at that point, we don't know if there will be others -- other things beyond that.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: How about from the regulator, I think that they have fined you guys some small amount? I presume that based on the Chinese law that there's really no other major potential fine that we should expect from the regulator, right?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So I think, Paul, all we can really say at this point is we think that the settlement we just announced last night is an important step forward and it resolves kind of the most pressing issues that are out there and we're just going to need to move forward with the process with the authorities there, and there's not a lot else we can comment on at this point in time.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Jeff, what is the Libyan production right now for you guys?
C. C. Reasor: Libyan production...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Is around 20,000 barrels a day.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Net to you?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Net to us, yes, that's right. So that's our share of the Waha concession.
C. C. Reasor: We've got, what, 16…
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: 16.33% at…
C. C. Reasor: At Waha?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And Jeff, when looking at your financial statement, you have about $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion of the deferred tax cash contribution in 2011. Is that all contributed from the IDC deduction in the U.S. or does it relate to other things also?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, really it doesn't. It's primarily related to timing differences between tax depreciation and financial depreciation.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So that's not related to IDC?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: IDC could be a small portion of that number, but it's not a big number for us.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It's a small portion. And once that is spin off, the treatment for the IDC deduction is going to change. Currently, you are deducting what, 50% or 75%?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Paul, I'd have to get back to you. We don't -- it's not a very high percentage of that number because of the category that we fall in. It's different rules for different size producers. And then even going forward, it's a complex set of rules upon -- that depend -- that will determine which category you fall into. And we could be still considered and integrated by some of those measures even going forward because we have things like fractionation capacity and some of our processing up in the North Slope. So it's not as clear-cut as just kind of saying that we move from one category to another.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. So you currently, based on your best guess is, that you may not change that much for you?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I'm not sure that we see that that's a significant change for us. That's correct.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I see. And, that, Clayton, is it possible that if you can share that what is the benefit in 2011 for you guys from the cash flow standpoint related to the IDC deduction?
C. C. Reasor: So...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: We don't know that number off the top of our heads.
C. C. Reasor: Yes.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So I mean, if at some -- I mean that if you find it, can you just e-mail me?
C. C. Reasor: We can work that up.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That would be great. Final one, the APLNG, the Sinopec, interest increased to 25%. Last time when the opted in there was a waiver. Should we assume the asset we sold that carrying costs for you guys is already now at a level that increase in the interest in [indiscernible] is not going to change in your carrying value?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so we'll be working that as we go forward. It depends some -- on some exactly when the whole transaction ends up closing. We will have an additional write-down on APLNG when that transaction closes. It won't be of the same magnitude of what we had before. And right now, we'd say that's in the neighborhood of $100 million.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: $100 million?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Weiss from Argus Research.
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: Just a couple of quick questions. The North America acreage acquisition that you mentioned, any color on how much or where those were?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: They were -- we're kind of reluctant to just give kind of exactly what was where. But it's in the areas we mentioned which are the Duvernay, the Canol, Avalon, Wolfcamp, Niobrara and some other areas. It was probably 2/3 Canadian, 1/3 Lower 48 acreage, and it was all targeting plays which we believe are liquids-rich plays and not gas plays.
C. C. Reasor: There was some public disclosures on the Ute license round at Wolfcamp, but we haven't given a lot of detail yet because we're not finished -- not finished buying.
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: Okay. The exploration expense, any dry hole charges you can identify in the quarter?
C. C. Reasor: Let's see, I think we got this. So we had, what, $141 million dry hole expense in E&P for the quarter? I think that's the number. But I don't -- think there was -- well, I just don't -- we can get back to you on that one, Phil. I don't know where those were. But obviously it was higher in the fourth quarter than it was in the rest of the year. But we can come back and let you know where those dry hole expenses took place.
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: Okay, and then last one, there's just something I'm a little bit confused about. When I look at the financial statement information that you gave, that showed impairments in the fourth quarter of $304 million. But then when you have the special items, the impairments were like $695 million, and I didn't understand why that was.
C. C. Reasor: So are you looking at Page 3 on the special items page on the supplement?
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: Yes.
C. C. Reasor: And the question is, what? E&P impairments or. . .
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: Well, if I look at the consolidated income statement, it shows impairments of $304 million. And then if you look at Page 3, just for E&P, for international E&P impairments, it's $585 million and for U.S., it's $44 million, so that's $629 million, and I think there was -- I think the total number when you did your whole reconciliation was $695 million.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, let us do some -- let me come back to you on that one. I'll give you a call this afternoon.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I'm not sure where we put in that $304 million number on the phase of income statement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniela Almeida from Jefferies.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: It's Iain Reid, actually from Jefferies over in London. Just a couple of questions, please. Firstly, on the oil sands, just on your oil sands disposal, can you say why it's Surmont you're looking to reduce your interest in rather than the FCCL joint venture? Is it just because of the fact that it's a joint venture that's tied up with the refining? Or is there kind of a specific reason why it's Surmont and the other assets rather than that?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So I think we looked at the Surmont project and our remaining assets and complying with the FCCL and thinking of the size of oil sands in our portfolio and also the values that people attribute to properties that are kind of out in the marketplace right now, I think it makes sense to just find out what value the market would ascribe to that. It's most straightforward to do that on the Surmont project. But it's not just Surmont, it's the Thornberry pipe and Sulesky acreage that we have as well that we would consider doing something with as a package.
C. C. Reasor: And FCCL, I think we would probably look at as more of part of our portfolio and good economics and something that's going to generate growth for us over a longer period of time and good returns. I think most people look at FCCL as probably the premier oil sands assets. And so it could be that TCS and Surmont won't be able to generate the types of returns that FCCL can.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I wonder whether your thoughts have changed or progressed in terms of LNG exports now you've seen these deals signed up in the Gulf coast, for the [indiscernible] with intent to build. Is that something that -- which you might look at again or put more emphasis on given the sort of substantial amounts of U.S. gas that you're producing? Or will be producing?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think it's something we are going to continue to study. It's really not just a thinking about it from the perspective of Lower 48 natural gas production. But as we think about to what long-term alternatives are for Canadian gas production. And importantly, as we think about what alternatives could be for development of the North Slope gas in Alaska. Those are all things that we'll be investigating whether liquefaction and export and natural gas makes sense going forward.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last one, just coming back. There's $180 million of inventory liquidation. Can we assume that, that is all associated with the shutdown of Trainer and the associated tankage and pipes, et cetera?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: A large part of it was Trainer -- things we had in inventory in the Seaway Products pipeline. For example, we sold some terminals during the year that had inventory as well. So Trainer made it with the largest single component of that, but it wasn't all related to Trainer.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So this wasn't a kind of an inventory price adjustment? This was a real liquidation and exit from that?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, that we reduced our inventories kind of across the system by about 10 million barrels during the year.
Operator: Our final question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a couple of questions here on the quarter. Just a follow-up on the last question on the inventory liquidation, I mean, is there any quantification on what is coming back, what is year-end related that we should see back in 1Q?
C. C. Reasor: In terms of building inventory?
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's right.
C. C. Reasor: Probably not. You're saying what our inventories levels will return to?
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's right. If there's anything, I know there's some that's some inventory liquidation, but if some was into taking inventories down into year end, if something would come back in 1Q at an offset.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so I mean, we have inventories related to our system and then we have some inventories that we take on as kind of more of a systems optimization trading type operations. We'll bring some of those back on in the first quarter. But I don't think we have the number that we can give you as guidance right now.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. On the change in the Corporate charge, $151 million, I mean, can you deconstruct that a little bit just so, again, the same, to understand better what's recurring? I presume that the ForEx element would be a nonrecurring change.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. The ForEx is a nonrecurring change, and you can see in our supplemental information that, that was $45 million to $50 million of that difference. We changed the -- in our comments you probably picked up we were saying Corporate costs, we would say going forward are more of a $1 billion per year run rate and we're $250 million a quarter. I think our previous guidance was more like $275 million a quarter. So just interest costs lower being a driver of that.
C. C. Reasor: Capitalized interest.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: And then yes, capitalized interest was a little bit higher than we initially anticipated it was going to be. So that -- I think those are the major drivers of it. So ForEx is a big part of that, which is not a -- which is going to be changed from quarter-to-quarter.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's great. Angola block payment, was that included in 4Q?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, it was a first quarter 2012 item.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And you mentioned Chevron Phillips. You guys were conducting the study for the 3 billion ton Gulf Coast, I think, cracker. What were the key dates in 2012 in that project? I mean, when will we get -- be more specifics on cost and FID dates, timing, et cetera?
C. C. Reasor: Yes, so I'm not sure exactly when we go FID on it. I know, well, to answer your question, I guess, we'll give you more information on that in late March, early April when we come out and start talking about the sources of growth for Phillips 66.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just lastly, can you just follow up on the buyback. I mean, does the -- does your buyback guidance in '12 contemplate the $5.8 billion distribution related to the leveraging on Phillips 66 because that would impact the kind of timing of available cash?
C. C. Reasor: I don't think the intent is to use -- how they intend to use Phillips 66 back for debt reduction primarily.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so primarily. So we're talking about...
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: All right, I got you. At the Conoco level.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. So we'll have it's like roughly $6 billion of proceeds come in from the distribution as we contemplated it now. And we'll probably use -- we've targeted at taking our ConocoPhillips debt level down to around $18 billion; at the end of the year, $22.5 billion. So we're going to use $4.5 billion of that to reduce debt. So there will be some that goes into the cash from that distribution.
C. C. Reasor: But the thinking on share repurchases is really, Evan, think about share repurchase as being funded the asset sales. That's really what's going -- that's what's going to fund that activity.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. And then based upon, at least the bid dates, you're hopeful that the 2 refining asset sales would be -- could be received prior to distribution?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think it's probably -- no, I don't think that we would give you that impression. There'll be things to work through on refinery sales which will probably take those post -- post-bid.
C. C. Reasor: So I guess that was the last question. Kim, appreciate you lining those up for us and appreciate everybody participating on the call. You can find our material, again, on our website. I look forward to talking with you in the near future. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Clayton Reasor - Vice President of Corporate Affairs Jeffrey Wayne Sheets - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ann L. Kohler - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division Jacques H. Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q3 2011 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kim, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of corporate and Investor Relations. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.
Clayton Reasor: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to ConocoPhillips Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your interest in the company.  I'm joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and our CFO. This morning, we'll provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the third quarter, as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2011. You can find our presentation material in the Investor Relations section of the ConocoPhillips website. But before we get started, I'd like you to take a look at the Safe Harbor statement that we have on the next slide. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during this presentation and during the Q&A. Actual results may differ materially from what's presented today, and factors that could cause those actual results to change are included in this slide, as well as in our filings with the SEC.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Sheets to take you through our prepared remarks and presentation.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Thanks, Clayton. I'll start on Slide 2, which highlights some of our third quarter results.  During the quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $3.5 billion, which is $2.52 per share. This compares to adjusted earnings of $1.50 per share in the third quarter of 2010. We generated cash from operations of $4.10 per share during the quarter. Third quarter production of 1.54 million BOE per day was lower than the prior quarter, but in line with our expectations. In R&M, with 92% global refining utilization, we were able to take advantage of the improved refining margin environment. We generated $5.6 billion in cash from operations this quarter. Our annualized return on capital employed was 16% and our cash return on capital employed was 24%. During the quarter, we completed the sale of the Wilhelmshaven Refinery in Germany and announced that we are marketing the Trainer Refinery in the Philadelphia area. These steps are consistent with our stated objective to reduce refining capacity by rationalizing low-returning refining assets. Our purchase of 46 million shares this quarter represented 3% of our shares outstanding.  So let's turn to Slide 3 and we'll discuss some of the details of our performance for the quarter. Total reported earnings were $2.6 billion, which included $837 million of special items. Special items included $329 million in noncash charges related to the Trainer Refinery, a 275 -- $279 million loss on the dilution of the company's interest in APLNG, a $109 million increase in deferred tax expense from tax legislation enacted in the United Kingdom, as well as losses on the sale of our Wilhelmshaven Refinery and costs related to the Bohai Bay incident.  Total company adjusted earnings were $3.5 billion, which is up about $1.2 billion compared to the third quarter of last year.  Our E&P segment improved by $686 million due primarily to higher prices, but this was partially offset by higher taxes and lower volumes. R&M adjusted earnings increased $928 million due largely to higher global Refining and Marketing margins.  In the third quarter of 2010, our earnings included $436 million related to our ownership interest in LUKOIL. And since we've disposed off our interest in LUKOIL, we no longer have similar earnings in our third quarter 2011 results. Our other segment earnings were $38 million higher than a year ago as a result of higher Chemicals and Midstream earnings, offset by higher corporate expenses.  So next, we'll look at more detail on our segment earnings, starting with our Upstream business, which is highlighted on Slide 4, and we'll talk about production first.  Our production decreased approximately 10% compared to the third quarter of last year. And on this slide, I'm going to walk through the key factors behind this change. We had asset dispositions of 39,000 BOE per day, about 20 of which was North America natural gas production. The events in Libya reduced production by around 48,000 BOE per day. We continue to see significant decline in Russia. Our production in Russia this quarter was down 24,000 BOE per day, which is about half the production level we saw in the third quarter last year, and that's due to poor reservoir performance at the YK field. We also saw a reduction of around 28,000 BOE per day in our North America natural gas production due to our decision to reduce capital directed toward North America natural gas.  So when you look at Libya, Russia and North America natural gas, about 50% of our decrease this quarter was from these areas. And these are areas where we have low-margin production. These areas average $10 to $15 per BOE of cash margins, which compares to around $27 per BOE for our portfolio overall. In China, production decreased by an average of around 32,000 BOE per day for the quarter, primarily as a result of the suspended operations in Bohai Bay. We had more downtime this quarter than we did in the third quarter of last year. The 28,000 BOE per day impact was related to both planned turnaround activity in the North Sea and unplanned downtime in Alaska and Indonesia. We expect that this production will largely be back in line in the fourth quarter. In the rest of our portfolio, increases from exploitation drilling, well performance, as well as new production from major projects, primarily higher-margin production from Qatar and the Lower 48 liquids plays, more than offset normal fuel declines.  So now, I'll turn to the E&P earnings on Slide 5. Our adjusted earnings for E&P this quarter were $2.2 billion, up $686 million from the third quarter of last year. This increase was driven primarily by higher prices. Realized prices were up for all commodities this quarter compared to last year, which drove adjusted earnings higher in both our U.S. and international operations. The benefit from higher prices was partially offset by lower sales volumes and higher taxes associated with the tax law change in the U.K. In the U.K., we had $125 million impact included in our adjusted earnings in the third quarter. $75 million of this was associated with applying the higher tax rates to our second quarter results and $50 million was associated with the higher tax rate in the third quarter.  In the cost and other category, we saw a benefit to adjusted earnings, primarily due to lower DD&A rates, which was partially offset by increased dry haul cost and higher G&A.  So I'll move on to Slide 6 and talk about some of our E&P unit metrics. Income per BOE improved from -- improved to $15.49, up from $9.53 a year ago, and cash per BOE improved to approximately $27 compared to $22.30 a year ago. The more -- majority of this improvement was attributed to stronger commodity prices. However, we continue to see benefits as we shift our portfolio towards higher-margin barrels.  And now let's go to Slide 7 and talk about R&M earnings. Our adjusted R&M earnings were $1.2 billion in the third quarter, an increase of $928 million compared to the same period last year. And higher refining margins were the primary driver for this improved earnings in the quarter, making up nearly $900 million of that increase. As you can see from the table on this chart, our realized margins in the U.S. more than doubled compared to last year, resulting in significantly more adjusted earnings in the U.S. this quarter than in the third quarter of 2010. There was a small benefit from volumes and operating costs in the quarter. And refining capacity utilizations were 92% in the U.S. and 93% internationally. The $129 million that's in the other category, the negative impact there was comprised of several items, with foreign exchange impacts being the largest of those. The current quarter included approximately $120 million related to, primarily to hedges on inventory positions, and the cumulative net impact of that effect year-to-date is near 0. And as we look forward to the fourth quarter, we don't anticipate there'll be a significant impact from inventories -- from hedge-related inventory impacts as these inventories are liquidated.  Now let's take a look at R&M unit metrics on Slide 8. The per barrel metrics for Refining and Marketing were very strong this quarter. Third quarter net income per barrel was $4.08 and cash contributions was $4.79. Higher realized margins drove the improvement in the unit metrics compared to the third quarter of last year, as well as the second quarter of this year.  Now effective October 1, our refining capacity was reduced to 2.2 million barrels per day, resulting from our decision to either sell or idle Trainer Refinery. And with the removal of Trainer from our portfolio, we expect to see these unit metrics improve going forward.  Now we'll take a look at our results from other operating segments on Slide 9. Our Chemicals and Midstream segments both had good quarters. Chemicals reported earnings of $197 million, a $65 million improvement compared to last year, and this is the third consecutive quarter of near $200 million earnings from Chemicals. The increase was primarily due to higher ethylene margins, as well as increased equity earnings from CPChem's interest in the Q-Chem 2 project in Qatar. Midstream earnings of $137 million were $60 million higher than in the third quarter of last year. The improvement was primarily driven by the result of higher NGL prices and increased trading and marketing results. Adjusted corporate expenses were $267 million this quarter. That's $105 million worse than a year ago, but this change was primarily driven by the absence of a foreign exchange gain that we recognized in the third quarter of 2010.  So let's go to Slide 10 and look at our cash flow for the quarter. We generated $5.8 billion in cash from operations this quarter. In the quarter, we invested $3.8 billion in our capital program, $3.5 billion of which was directed to E&P. Distributions to shareholders totaled $4.1 billion this quarter, comprised of $3.2 billion of share repurchases and $900 million of dividends.  So if you look at from the start of our share repurchase program in 2010 through the third quarter of 2011, we have repurchased 174 million shares at an average price of around $68 a share for a total cost of $12 billion. This represents 12% of our shares outstanding. We ended the quarter with $3.4 billion in cash and $2.6 billion in short-term investments for a total of $6 billion in cash and short-term investments.  Turning to Slide 11, we'll take a look at our capital structure. Our equity was down $3 billion compared to the end of 2010 as the increase in equity due to earnings was more than offset by reductions from share repurchases, dividends and some foreign exchange impacts. Debt was $23.2 billion at the end of the third quarter. We expect to retire $500 million in maturing debt during the fourth quarter, and our debt-to-cap ratio at the end of the third quarter was 26%. We'll move now to Slide 12 and talk about our capital efficiency metrics. ROCE and cash returns improved compared to the third quarter of last year, driven by the growth in earnings and cash flow, as well as the lower capital employed, with the reduction in capital employed largely being a result of our share repurchase program. Third quarter annualized ROCE was 16% overall, with that breaking down to 15% for E&P and 21% for R&M.  That completes the review of our third quarter 2011 results. I'll wrap up with some forward-looking comments before we open up the line to questions. I'll start with some guidance on the fourth quarter, and we expect to provide additional guidance regarding 2012 in January.  In R&M, we had pretax turnaround expenses year-to-date of approximately $200 million, and expect full year expense to be around $300 million. And this is lower than the previous guidance that we've given of around $350 million. We expect global refining capacity utilization rates in the low 90s in the fourth quarter of 2011. At the Wood River Refinery, the CORE project construction remains on schedule for completion in October. Project start-up activities continue as planned and we expect will be completed in mid-November. On the Upstream side of our business, we anticipate fourth quarter production of 1.56 million to 1.58 million BOE per day, which brings our full year 2011 production guidance to 1.61 million to 1.62 million BOE per day. This outlook includes the impact of suspended operations at Bohai Bay. At Bohai Bay, we are currently seeing around 15,000 net BOE per day, resulting from activities to reduce reservoir pressures in the field, and we are in the process of developing our revised field operating plans.  For 2011, we expect production per share to be 5% higher than 2010, excluding the impact of the loss production in Libya. There's no change to our 2011 DD&A guidance of $8 billion, our corporate expense guidance of $1.1 billion or to our anticipated $13.5 billion 2011 capital program.  Now I'll switch to a discussion of some of our exploration activities. We continue to pursue high-quality unconventional opportunities. So far in 2011, we've added about 400,000 acres in North America shale plays, in areas that include Avalon, Wolfcamp, Niobrara and the Lower 48, Duvernay and Ken Allen [ph] in Canada. And if you look at it, that's about 60% of the North America acreage acquired in 2011 is in Canada. Internationally, we've announced that we've become a joint venture partner in the Goldware [ph] shale project located in the Canning Basin of Western Australia. The agreement will see us invest over 4 phases of exploration and earn and retain a 75% interest. Following completion of the initial drilling program, we'll have the right to assume operatorship of the Goldware project.  In the Gulf of Mexico, the Coronado well spud earlier this month. We should know the results of this well in the first quarter of 2012. In Poland, the fourth well has been successfully drilled, and we will begin a several stage frac over the 500-meter horizontal section of this well in the fourth quarter. In Australia, drilling operations will begin at Poseidon early in the first quarter of 2012, and we are planning a 5- to 7-well appraisal program. In the N Block in Kazakhstan, the Nursultan well is expected to spud in the first quarter of 2012. We had a dry hole in the Arafura Sea offshore Indonesia with the Kaluka [ph] well, and we have no additional activity planned in the Arafura Sea at this time. Now shift to the discussion of our major projects globally. Activity levels in the Lower 48 liquids-rich shale plays continue to ramp up. Our third quarter production at Eagle Ford was about 31,000 BOE per day with 77% of that being liquids. We operated 15 rigs in this play in the third quarter, and we expect to be up to 16 rigs by year end. September production at Eagle Ford was 36,000 BOE per day, which reflected about 10,000 to 12,000 BOE per day of curtailments due to third-party trucking constraints. We continue to work closely with other companies to increase production offtake capacity in the near and long term. We expect continued rig activity -- rig count activity and production levels to continue to increase at our other liquids-rich plays in the Bakken, Barnett and Permian.  In the U.K., the Clair Ridge project received government approvals in October. We have a 24% working interest in the project. We expect gross peak production around 200 -- around 120,000 BOE per day. We announced approval of the final investment decision for the initial train of the APLNG project. The 2-train project has an anticipated net production of 115,000 to 120,000 BOE per day. And this long-lived, low-F&D cost project provides a long-term earnings and cash flow source to our portfolio and delivers returns that are competitive with other LNG projects. Regarding asset sales, the company continues to expect to sell $15 billion to $20 billion of assets in the 3-year period from 2010 to 2012. We've completed $8 billion since 2010. We expect an additional $1 billion to $2 billion in the fourth quarter of this year or the first quarter of next year, with the balance of the program being completed in 2012. We continued to repurchase shares and expect to do so at a rate similar to the third quarter in the fourth quarter this year, and we expect to complete the $11 billion share repurchase program this year.  And finally, turning to our announced spinout transaction. Earlier this month, we announced the future leaders of the 2 independent companies that will result from the repositioning. Ryan Lance will become the CEO of ConocoPhillips, the E&P company; and Greg Garland will become the CEO of the Downstream company. We expect to file the initial ruling request with the IRS this month, and the initial Form 10 with the SEC by mid-November. And this Form 10 will be a public document. It's still our expectation that the distribution of the Downstream company shares, which would complete the spinout, would occur in the second quarter of 2012.  So that concludes our prepared remarks, and we'll now open up the line for questions.
Clayton Reasor: Okay, Jeff, thanks a lot. In the remaining time of the call, we'd like to give all those interested an opportunity to ask questions. Our second quarter call, we ended up with some analysts that weren't able to get in. So we'd ask those that -- we request those that are asking questions, if you could limit to one question with one follow-up, and then re-up the second time around, we'd like to give everybody the opportunity to ask a question if they'd like to chime in.  So, Kim, I'll turn it over to you now to open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, we have a question from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just, I guess, a quick question on the onshore acreage. You've continued to pick up acreage mainly in Canada, but it would make sense, I think, to be more aggressive in that area. Can you talk through your strategy for growing acreage in terms of what your ability is at the moment?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: As we mentioned, we added around 400,000 acres so far this year, and that isn't -- it's not just Canada, it's a mix of Canada and the Lower 48. We have a substantial acreage position already and, of course, we'd like to continue to add to that longer term, but we need to do it at prices which make sense. So we are out there trying to develop acreage positions in areas that are still rather prospective in nature, where the costs are more reasonable. And we're going to be as aggressive at that as we can be, but always with our eye on what kind of returns do we think we can get out of these plays. So you're not likely to see us be competing in areas where acreage costs have already come up to very high levels.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just a specific question on China. Obviously, having to redo your plan before perhaps resuming drilling. What sort of scale of delay is there going to be before we can see production back?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well, it's not going to happen near term. As we think about the fourth quarter, we are probably going to be at the same kind of levels that we've talked about, our current rates are at. It's going to be an extended period of time as we get production back in the field. We need to develop this operating plan and work with the authorities to get that plan approved, and we can't give you a real precise timetable on when that's going to occur.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jacques Rousseau from RBC.
Jacques H. Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to get your thoughts on the 2012 buyback program. I believe you thrown out some guidance of $5 billion to $10 billion. But with your comments on asset sales, a few billion over the next few quarters, should we imply from that, that much of this buyback will take place in the latter half of 2012?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: We haven't given any guidance on timing on share repurchase. I think you're correct, though, in that, that we've said that the asset sales program of $5 billion to $10 billion is primarily what would be used to fund the share repurchase program of $5 billion to $10 billion. So depending upon exactly how our asset sales program is developed, that could impact our timing on share repurchases. But other than that general guidance, there's nothing more specific we can give you right at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Back again to the share repurchase. I was just wondering how the split will affect that in 2012.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Again, kind of following up on the comments on the previous questions, the asset sales program is primarily what will fund the timing of the share repurchases. If you look at what comprises our asset sales program, it's a mix of Upstream and Downstream assets, but it's dominated, in terms of value, by Upstream assets. So as you think about share repurchase program to the extent share repurchases aren't done and asset sales aren't completed prior to the spin and they're completed after the spin, then the proceeds are most likely going -- more of it is going into the Upstream part of the company, which would be available to fund share repurchases in the Upstream part of the company.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great. Is there going to be -- I understand. But yes, that's clear. The split process presumably would suspend the buyback?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, that doesn't. There is no requirement to suspend the buybacks.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So you can literally just keep going as a combined company with the buybacks guidance until you split, and then the split will continue along the lines of the asset disposals that occur for the rest of the year?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Right, well, in -- I mean, it -- just asset disposals are a big part of it. But, of course, we're always looking at the balance of cash flow and capital and what other investment opportunities are. So there could be buyback programs in both the Upstream and the Downstream company, just depending upon how all those different factors are mixing in.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I noticed that your proceeds from dispositions in Q3 were $2.2 billion. Is there a backlog of cash to come from previous dispositions? Or is the guidance that you gave of $8 billion completed, if you're like fully paid for in cash to you?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, the $8 billion is completed with cash received. We are working on a lot of different potential asset sales which have different timing of when they are likely to close. As we look at the list of things we're doing, we can see that $1 billion to $2 billion of those will close either in the fourth quarter of this year or the first quarter of next year. And when we say close or closed, we mean close and fund. And then, like we've said previously, we've talked about the general categories of asset sales. But other than that, we're -- it's just not in our interest to really be a lot more specific about exactly which asset sales we are pursuing.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So you're saying that the $5 billion to $10 billion is majority Upstream, but you haven't given any more specific guidance on what those assets would be?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's correct.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So it's just more than 50% is all we can...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: More than 50%...
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I mean, majority. Just to get the majority...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. Let's say, no, it's more like 80% or 90% Upstream.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Jeff, in E&P, the new production there is generating much higher margins in 2011, I think, because you talked about almost irrespective of the time period that you want to compare against. And so my question in regards to drivers. Meaning, I think Gutter in Canada were mentioned last quarter as being pretty supportive. But I want to see if there are other positive drivers in the current period as well that might be a little different?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. In the third quarter, we've -- the drivers are Gutter and the Lower 48, the liquid shift there. Though in the third quarter, we lost a little bit of ground with the unplanned -- with both the planned and the unplanned downtime because the downtime was in areas like Norway, the U.K., Alaska, Indonesia, all of which are relatively high, higher than -- average or higher-than-average margins. So that production will come back on in the fourth quarter as we don't anticipate that same kind of levels. And then we continue, as we talked about earlier, to ramp up production in the liquids-rich areas in the Lower 48, and we continue to have declines in some of the lower-margin areas, particularly in North America natural gas.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. And also in divestitures, I think Vietnam and Kashagan -- or Kazakhstan appear fairly saleable in this environment. And so on those 2 positions, can you provide any insight on the company's level of investment in those 2 countries?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. I think both of those are things that are talked about and are in this general category of looking around our portfolio in places where we have maybe not long-term strategic good opportunities, and our potential is being part of our sales program. But other than that, we don't really want to provide a lot of color on the process for asset sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a question on your Lower 48 liquids production. It looks like it's been picking up nicely here. I think, Jeff, you alluded to the ramp up in the Eagle Ford. Given the nature of these shale plays, is it reasonable to now assume an ongoing sequential increase near Lower 48 liquids? I don't know if that's 5,000 or 10,000 barrels a day a quarter. Is it okay that we -- is that a reasonable way to start thinking about this now that you've kind of gotten on the shale growth mode here?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think that's right, Arjun, and particularly in the Eagle Ford. And so we've said on the Eagle Ford that we were around 35,000 a day in the third quarter -- the actual rate in the third quarter. And with -- when we're still dealing with production constraints and probably will be from now through 2013, we think we're going to get to 100,000 barrels a day in Eagle Ford in 2013. And as we bring on the field, it's just fairly constant increase between current production levels and about 100,000-barrel-a-day level in the Eagle Ford. We're also starting to ramp up some activities in the Bakken as well.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. So if you just looked at the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian, in the third quarter, we're around 100,000 a day in those 3 areas. We expect to be around 250,000 a day some time in 2013.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's a BOE number, Clayton?
Clayton Reasor: That's correct.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And 75%, 80% of oil, I presume?
Clayton Reasor: I would say it is around 70%, that's right.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. The related quick follow-up was just, I think you alluded to trucking constraints and so forth. I thought you all had your own Midstream infrastructure here? Maybe it's just the timing of hooking things up and so forth, but can you just try and connect the dots there please?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: We are building out our own Midstream infrastructure.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I think there was a new trucking facility that was built in Eagle Ford and a couple at Bakken, but they really didn't move the needle that much in terms of increasing capacity, only maybe 1 or 2 a day. We have talked about building pipeline gathering system, kind of a trunkline to get us to a liquid trading point out of Eagle Ford. We think that's done, is it the middle of next year? But we've got a lag of 10,000 to 15,000 a day of Eagle Ford that we can't get out just because of constraints. And really, that will continue until more infrastructure is built up in the area. So I guess it's a good problem to have, to be producing more and these wells to be more productive than what we thought they were, and we are investing in additional infrastructure in that area.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Herrlin from Société Générale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Two quick ones. With the Eagle Ford, you said that you were constrained infrastructure-wise. How many wells still need to be frac-ed and what kind of a quarterly inventory should we expect you to build?
Clayton Reasor: Well, let's see. You're talking about inventory of wells in -- I don't think the backlog is on completion of the wells or frac-ing, John. I think it's hooking the wells up.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. That's fine.
Clayton Reasor: So actually, we have 3 dedicated completion crews at Eagle Ford. And that's more than enough to satisfy the 15 rigs that are running. It's to condensate trucking is the specific constraint.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay, thanks, Clayton. Last one for me is, you're selling more assets next year. Do you have a ballpark figure for what kind of volumes are associated with those Upstream sales?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. I think we can go with the same guidance we had previously. It depends very much on what the composition of that -- the asset sales are, of course. But it's in the range of 50,000 to 100,000 BOE per day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Reid from Jefferies.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First one, one of your competitors in Queensland yesterday talked about a very significant rise in U.S. dollar-denominated CapEx due to movements in the Aussie dollar. The Aussie dollar is obviously very strong at the moment. I wonder if you're seeing the same sort of impacts as you start to award contracts there and whether you've done anything to mitigate that sort of impact?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, that's certainly one of the major factors we're dealing with, with APLNG. And to the extent we can, we're trying to do as much of the project outside of Australia, not just because of the Aussie dollar impacts but just because of the general condition with labor there and the fact there's quite a bit of activity in a fairly concentrated area there. So we're moving things and trying to build as much modularize as we can, moving things, like I say, out of Australia. We have seen -- if you look over the last several years, of course, the Aussie dollar has strengthened considerably against the U.S. dollar. If you just look more recently, the U.S. dollar's gained a little bit of that back. But that is one of the major impacts that we'll be watching as we move forward with the construction on the APLNG project.
Clayton Reasor: Yes, and we've built a little bit of that into capital program. Part of the increase from the $13 billion to $15 billion in 2012 E&P capital is due to foreign exchange impact, both in Canada and Australia. So there is part of that that's already embedded in our capital program.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. They were talking about potentially 70% of the CapEx being denominated in Aussie dollars. Is that the sort of number you're looking at?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: We're probably a little less than that, but not far off of that range.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Sorry, just one other very quick follow-up. In your asset sales program, you're talking about for 2012 onwards, is there kind of embedded in that any Downstream disposals?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, there are.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. We've talked about pipelines and we've talked about terminals. We've also talked about reducing our refining capacity down to around 2 million barrels a day. So that would imply that -- we're at 2.2 million barrels right now. So that would imply that there are possibly some refinery sales in that number.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Is it possible to say whether that's kind of something that could emerge in the short term, next 6 months or so?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Perhaps towards the end of that window. We're looking at various assets around our portfolio and have processes going on. But as -- as much like with the Upstream asset sales, we would prefer to talk about those when they get closer to being actualized.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gilman from The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Was wondering if you could give us a little bit of an idea on the kind of tight curve and decline rate you're seeing on the Eagle Ford wells on average? And what the current producing well count is?
Clayton Reasor: Let's see. We've got -- well, by year end, we're saying we're going to have over 150 wells drilled. I don't have -- and I'm sorry, Mark, what were the other details you were looking for? I need to...
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: I was looking for, was there kind of tight curve or EURs as well as decline rates that you're seeing?
Clayton Reasor: The only thing we've got out there so far, and I would imagine we're going to provide more detail as we get more experience with the field, but the average 30-day well rate is still running around 1,400 BOE. We've got -- we've initiated pad drilling. We've got some details on the -- let's say more of an E&P type of approach to Eagle Ford that we could probably run you through, but I don't have EURs or decline rates on Eagle Ford for you.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So we had a 150-well program for the year, and we've been progressing that on through the year. I don't have the exact well count, but we're here in nearly November now, so we're obviously a long ways through that program. But, yes, I don't have the exact number of wells completed and wells waiting to be completed.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Let me try if I could shift to the Downstream for a sec. I'm a little bit curious about the decision to actually shut down Trainer in advance of sale when I believe it was generating positive cash margins. I wonder if you could talk about that a little bit. And at the same time, give any idea what the selling price or the proceeds were on the Wilhelmshaven sale?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: We haven't disclosed the number on Wilhelmshaven. It was not a significant number in our overall asset sales program. The Trainer Refinery was not producing net income. It was depending upon the exact refining margin of the time. The cash generation was also not very strong. We were at a point where we were having to decide about the timing on turnaround cost and future capital expenditures, which had a lot to do with the timing of the decision to shut it down in October.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two quick ones. Trading on just on Eagle Ford and Bakken, what is your well cost right now? And also that you'd given IP for Eagle Ford. Do you have an IP for Bakken? And also the EUR? The second question is on the Bohai Bay. Based on my estimate that at $100 brand [ph], look like their unit margin on those is going to be over $40 per barrel. Just want to see if that's on the ballpark, correct? And also I think Sinopec seems to suggest that a earliest of the resumption of their operation may be second quarter 2012. Want to see if there's any comment that you can make on that.
Clayton Reasor: Why don't I take the Eagle Ford one. We haven't been real specific on well cost. I mean, these things are -- I can give you some data around -- well depth is somewhere between 16,000 and 19,000 feet. We're running 3,500 to 5,800 laterals. And on average, about 15 stage fracs. I think well cost that I've seen, drilling and completion are probably in the $6 million to $8 million per well range.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. How about Bakken?
Clayton Reasor: Let's see. I don't have that on Bakken, Paul, so that will be something we'll need to disclose later.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And that you disclosed about Eagle Ford on the IP? Do you have IP for Bakken?
Clayton Reasor: Well, that's not IP. That's average 30-day rate. So IPs are actually higher than that. Average 30-day rate...
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's 30-day IP, I mean.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. Average 30-day rate at the Bakken is around 950 barrels a day. We're running 6 rigs. We expect to have 7 by the end of this year and close to 90% black oil. Production in the third quarter is around 20 a day.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: And then, Paul, in your questions on Bohai. Bohai is oil production, so it is a -- the cash margins on Bohai, we don't comment on precise cash margins at a field level, but you're in the right direction. We are -- we can't say, obviously, it's oil production, so it's in the better half of our margin production. As far as the timing of when production is going to resume at Bohai, we don't really have a comment on that. I think we don't expect it to be -- it's going to resume in the fourth quarter or early in 2012. But we're going to -- got to continue to work with the authorities on the new development plan. And as we know more, we'll update more on that.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Jeff, can I just sneak in an unrelated question? In Libya have you guys go back and look at your fuel operation at all? Or that you haven't really in touch of the government yet?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: We've just begun that process now. We start by getting some people in there to assess the overall security situation and get our comfort with being able to put people back into Libya. We're really in that process now. We don't have any update yet on the condition of the field and, therefore, really couldn't give a good answer as to timing on when we would expect things to come back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The exploration and production step-up in capital for next year, I guess, $13 billion to $15 billion. Can you give us some idea how much of that is going to be in the Lower 48 or in the U.S., I should say, generally?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. Of the $2 billion step-up, because if you think about what we've said previously, had guided more towards a $13 billion number for 2012 for Upstream. About half of that is dedicated to the Lower 48.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So what would that maybe absolute, Jeff, in terms of total CapEx, as you like?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, it's around $5 billion in the Lower 48.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: My follow-up, I guess, what's behind my question is, you guys, I guess, as of January 1 are going to -- well maybe not January 1, sometime next year, are going to be defamed on the U.S. tax code as an E&P company, which, if I'm not mistaken, means that you can now write off 100% of your intangible drilling cost. So what I'm trying to get at, Jeff, is how much of a tax shield would you anticipate with that level of capital expenditure in the Lower 48? Because I imagine it's a fairly substantial positive on your cash flow as we look over the next couple of years as you become an E&P...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I'm not -- I don't have that answer off the top of my head, and I'm not sure if those rules are just strictly based on being -- the business lines that you're in or if there's some size requirements in there as well. I don't have that answer.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So of the $5 billion, can you tell how much of that is actually drill bit capital as opposed to infrastructure?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It's mostly -- it's all drill bit capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Question on Poland. I appreciate your update, but I know at least how your partner traded the first horizontal well results in the market. Rednose [ph] is disappointing. I mean, can you assess what you learned from the first horizontal well and how the second one that's in process here probably differs? I believe it's testing the carboniferous zone, which differs in the per zone expectation timing there? If you would, I have a follow-up.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. There's not a lot we can say about that because it's just so early in the play. So we've drilled 4 wells, 2 verticals and 2 horizontals, and we've tested one. And I'd say the results, we thought, were pretty well, within what we expected from that. And we'll need to test the second one, but that's really just going to be the beginning of trying to evaluate that field. So the results are encouraging. It looks like we'll want to continue to go ahead and build this out and acquire more information. But it's just too early for us to really give you much guidance as to whether we think these are good results or bad results. They're encouraging results that encourage us to go further.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Good. I appreciate that. Maybe a broader question. I mean, I know that Conoco's clearly been a better seller of assets, funding of outsize or repurchase, and I appreciate the forward sale guidance discussed. But as portfolio rationalization reaches advanced stages, I mean, is your view changed at all to potentially be a maybe more-targeted acquire with in your core skill set as we move into 2012, currently alongside announced asset high grading?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: If you look at our portfolio, we've got a lot of good opportunities to invest within our existing portfolio and where we're going to spend our capital in the next 3 years to 5 years is pretty well defined already. But we're always on the -- be on the lookout for new opportunities. But the opportunities that we are going to be most interested in are things that help build out our longer-term portfolio, so things in 2016 and beyond, perhaps that kind of time frame. So as we think about things that we might acquire, it's still going to be focused on like we have been discussing on adding to our resource acreage base, adding to our exploration acreage and those type of opportunities as opposed to anything that is more focused on near-term capital.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. If I could just -- just slip in a last one of -- just do an update on the current Seaway process and timetable, if you would? I'll leave it at that.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So the Seaway crude pipeline, which we own 50% of, and Enterprise owns 50% of, we've talked in early September that we would be open to selling our interest in that pipeline. Enterprise operates the pipeline. We are having some initial discussions with them about the sales process, and we're working to design and lay out the rest of the sales process. That will happen over the next -- over the coming months. There's nothing really new to report on that process other than that we're actively in the marketing process now for the pipeline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Kohler from CRT Capital Group.
Ann L. Kohler - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked, but I do have a question. In looking at -- you certainly did put out the new -- named the new executives for each of the individual companies. Will you be providing additional color on the rounding out of the management teams for each of the companies? And if so, when will that be?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. I think you can expect to hear more from us about rounding out the management teams before the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Weiss from Argus Research.
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: Most of my questions have already been asked, but I did have one question on China. With what happened there at Bohai Bay, does this have any impact on your longer-term relationships or plans or opportunities there?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, we've operated in China for quite a while and hope to continue to operate in China for a long time going forward, and we'll be -- still remain very interested in additional opportunities in China. So the short answer is no, it hasn't really changed our thought about continuing to make investments there.
Clayton Reasor: Yes, they're a big customer. It's a part of the market that's growing. We want to be operating and selling LNG to China for the next 40 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just want to get a little more color on the Refining and Marketing results. It looks like $1.2 billion in adjusted earnings. It looks like there wasn't a heck of a lot of after-tax profit on the international side. Is that fair to assume that all this income was basically generated in the domestic portfolio?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so -- I think there's a breakdown of that on the slides that we've provided. And it's also in the supplemental information. But you're correct, it's mostly in the domestic portfolio.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you give me a little bit of color on in terms of what regions the profitability came from? Was it mostly -- was it 50%, 60%, 70% Mid-Continent? Or is it 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 across the entire portfolio?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well mid-Continent obviously was a very strong -- I don't think we are going to give percentages, but maybe just qualitative comments. Of course, the Mid-Con was a very strong area, substantial feedstock advantage there for refineries that can -- process WTI and WCS given the current state of the market, with the WGI brand differentials. The Gulf Coast and the West Coast markets were also reasonably strong in the third quarter. And the East Coast markets continue to struggle. So the most profitable areas were the refineries we had in the Mid-Con area. I don't have an exact percentage of how much of our earnings came from those refineries.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And on the CORE project, are you fully ramped up now on the project?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. We're in the process of starting it up. So construction is mostly complete. And we're in the -- you start up the project in phases, and you start up different units as you go. We think by mid-November we'll be completely started up.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And you will completely shift your crude slate from light sweet crude to Canadian heavy? Is that fair to say?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. It's just an incremental addition of Canadian heavy capacity.
Clayton Reasor: Yes, what happens there, Faisel, so you have a significant increase in clean product yield as we convert a lot of asphalt that used to come out of Wood River into clean products. So clean product yield increased to 83% from 78%. Gross crude capacity change or increases to around 365,000 barrels a day. You've got 80,000 barrel a day of coking capacity, and you have increased clean product production of about 50,000 barrels a day with 20,000 of that being diesel and 30,000 of it being gasoline. So it's a -- it really helps you on both sides. You can't run more Canadian crude because you've increased coking capacity, but there's also a big uplift in clean product yield as we reduce the bottoms and produce more gasoline and more diesel fuel.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, I got you. I understand. And then just on the Upstream side, the unplanned -- I guess the planned downtime in North Sea and the unplanned downtime in Alaska of 28,000 barrels a day, where are we with those volumes today?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Those are mostly back online in the fourth quarter.
Clayton Reasor: That's right. Both Alaska and the U.K., North Sea are back online.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's right.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then last question on Bohai Bay. Do you guys have to reserve some sort of environmental sort of cost for this whole cleanup? Or is that kind of what we're seeing in your -- internally [ph] in your one-time costs that you flowed through in the third quarter?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. So we had -- as you'll see on the detail of our supplemental information, we had a $40 million income impact related to that in the third quarter. We'll have some carryover to that type of impact in the fourth quarter that won't be as large as that number. We've announced publicly that we're going to set up a couple of funds to deal with any environmental claims and the status of those is that we're continuing to have discussions with the authorities in China about how we set up and administer those funds.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And that has not been expensed yet, I take it?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, it has not. And we don't have a good -- any more real detail to provide about those funds.
Operator: Our final question comes from Mark Gilman from The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Guys, I just want to go back to the Seaway issue again. In terms of your thoughts regarding potential divestiture, have you backed away from the idea that you need that line running in its current direction in order to supply very specific crude requirements in Ponca City?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: We think we have found other methods to supply Ponca City, which are more expensive than using the Seaway pipeline to do that. And that would be part of the calculation we'll do when we get a value for the Seaway pipeline, as far as whether it makes sense for us to sell our interest in the pipeline.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Jeff, if I could just ask, of the $120 million after-tax in the derivative/mark-to-market effects in the third quarter, how much U.S., how much foreign, assumedly all refining?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, all refining. Mostly U.S. I'm not -- I don't have the percent of it. I don't have the exact...
Clayton Reasor: Most of it is in the U.S.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Most of it's U.S. I mean, that's a good point that you raised there, Mark. So that $120 million, just to put a little clarity on that, was a third quarter item. But that was -- we had the opposite effect of that kind of spread out between the first quarter and the second quarter. So that's why we've said that's $120 million in the third quarter, but year-to-date is a 0. And that really has to do with differences on how physical positions and the paper positions, which are used to hedge physical positions, are marked due to the way the accounting rules work. So you get a little bit of timing noise from quarter to quarter as a result of that.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: And I assume that's in your published margin?
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It is. That is correct.
Clayton Reasor: And we really don't expect any impact from that timing difference between the underlying paper position and the physical to occur in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That was our final question. I'll now turn the conference back to Mr. Clayton Reasor.
Clayton Reasor: Great. Well, thank you, all, for your interest and participation in the call. You can find the material and a replay of this call on our website later today. I look forward to talking with you in the future. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey Sheets - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Clayton Reasor - 
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company Paul Cheng Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc. Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kim, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President, Corporate and Investor Relations. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.
Clayton Reasor: Thank you, Kim. Good morning, and welcome to ConocoPhillips Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your interest in our company. I'm joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer. As we normally do, we'll provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the second quarter as well as an outlook for the remainder of 2011. We'll also provide you with a brief update on the repositioning of ConocoPhillips as 2 separate leading energy companies as we announced 2 weeks ago. You can find our presentation material in the Investor Relations section of the ConocoPhillips website.  Before we get started, I'd like to take a look at the Safe Harbor statement that we've shown on the next slide. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we present today, and factors that could cause actual results to differ are included in this slide as well as in our filings with the SEC.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Sheets, who will take you through our prepared remarks and presentation. Jeff?
Jeffrey Sheets: Thanks, Clayton. I'll start on Slide 2, which highlights some of our second quarter results. During the second quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $3.4 billion. That's $2.41 a share. That compares to adjusted earnings of $1.63 a share in the second quarter of 2010. During the quarter, we generated cash from operations of $4.44 per share. This was a good quarter for the company. We ran well both in E&P and R&M. Second quarter production was 1.64 million BOE per day. Our global refining utilization was 91% during the quarter. We generated $6.3 billion in cash from operations. Our annualized return on capital employed was 15% for the quarter, and our cash return on capital employed was 24%. Also, during the quarter, we distributed $4 billion in cash to our shareholders in the form of shareholder distributions -- share repurchases and dividends. Our repurchase of 42 million shares this quarter represented about 3% of our shares outstanding. In our earnings release this morning, we highlighted that in addition to creating value for our shareholders at ConocoPhillips, activities also contribute substantially to job creation and economic growth. Slide 3 recaps some of the numbers associated with our activities for the first half of the year.  During the first half of 2011, the company spent $6.5 billion on operating expenses, which supported 30,000 jobs at ConocoPhillips, as well as jobs at our suppliers and contractors. A further $6.1 billion was invested in capital projects, which help to create new energy supplies, and also fuel additional job creation. $7.7 billion was paid to local, state and federal governments in the form of income, production and severance taxes. And in addition, ConocoPhillips distributed $6.6 billion to a wide shareholder base, which includes numerous state and local pensions and investment funds, which benefit millions of individual U.S. investors and retirees.  So let's turn to Slide 4 to discuss some of the details of our performance for the quarter. Our total company adjusted earnings were $3.4 billion. That's up about $950 million compared to the second quarter last year. Our E&P segment was improved over a $1 billion due to higher prices, which were offset by higher taxes. R&M adjusted earnings were basically unchanged from a year ago.  In the second quarter of 2010, our earnings included $430 million related to our ownership interest in LUKOIL. And since we have now sold our interest in LUKOIL, we don't have similar earnings as part of our second quarter 2011 results. Our other segments adjusted earnings improved by $290 million as a result of lower corporate expenses, higher and then higher chemicals and mid-stream earnings.  So next, we'll look at more in detail our segment earnings, starting with production in our Upstream business, which is highlighted on Slide 5. The second quarter production was 1.64 million BOE per day. That's down 5% or 93,000 BOE per day from the second quarter of last year. The decline from the second quarter last year was a result of asset dispositions and the loss of our production from Libya. Asset dispositions negatively impacted production by around 62,000 BOE per day. This primarily reflects dispositions in Canada and the Lower 48. Of that 62,000 BOE per day, 16,000 BOE per day was North America natural gas.  So if you exclude the impact of our asset dispositions and the loss of production from Libya, our second quarter 2010 production would have been 1.623 million BOE per day. In the second quarter of 2011, we produced 1.64 million BOE per day. And the changes there include a decline of 28,000 BOE per day in our North America natural gas production, which was offset by an increase, a net increase of 45,000 BOE per day of liquids production and International gas production. So stepping back and looking at all the changes from 2010 to 2011 second quarter numbers, you can see that the declines in production that we've had are primarily attributed to declines in North America natural gas production and a loss of our production in Libya, which are both relatively lower margin portions of our portfolio. Looking at our production on a per-share basis, we see that our production has increased 4% from the second quarter of 2010 to the second quarter of 2011.  So now I'll turn to E&P earnings on Slide 6. E&P adjusted earnings for the quarter were $2.6 billion. That's up $1 billion from the same quarter a year ago. This increase is largely driven by higher prices, offset by higher taxes and to a smaller extent, by lower sales volume. So even though production was down 93,000 barrels per day, the impact of those reduced volumes was only about $100 million. Now as we just discussed, the volume reductions in the quarter compared to the quarter a year ago were primarily from lower margin barrels.  In the cost and other category, this was a help relative to -- this quarter relative to the second quarter last year. This was driven by lower DD&A, partially offset by some increases in other taxes and operating expenses. At the bottom of the slide, you can see the results broken down between U.S. and International. You can see that we had improvements in both U.S. and International adjusted earnings, as well as increases in realized prices.  So I'll move on to Slide 7, and talk about some of our E&P unit metrics. Income per BOE improved to $17 a barrel from $9 a barrel a year ago, and cash per BOE improved to $29 a BOE compared to $22 a year ago. The majority of this improvement is attributed to stronger commodity prices. However, we are also starting to see the benefit of the shift in our production towards higher margin barrels.  So turning to R&M earnings on Slide 8. Our adjusted R&M earnings improved by $20 million over the same quarter last year. Margins and other market impacts increased earnings by $63 million, which reflects a $205 million increase in U.S. Refining margins, offset by roughly $145 million decrease in International Refining margins. International Refining margins decreased despite slightly increased market cracks due to inventory impacts and lower secondary product margins, which are a result of higher crude prices.  In the second quarter, we saw a decrease in R&M earnings of around $20 million from lower volumes compared to the second quarter of last year. This was driven primarily by lower domestic Refining volumes, partially offset by higher International Refining volumes. The lower domestic Refining volumes largely relate to unplanned downtime at the Sweeny and Bayway refineries, as well as a turnaround and planned maintenance activities at the San Francisco and Los Angeles refineries. Our Refining capacity utilization rate for the second quarter was 90% in the U.S. and 96% internationally. Compared to the second quarter last year, we saw operating cost increased about $18 million, but this was primarily driven by foreign exchange impacts.  Take a look at R&M unit metrics on Slide 9. The per barrel metrics for Refining and Marketing increased compared to the first quarter this year, and are basically flat with where we were in the second quarter of last year. So second quarter net income per barrel this year was $2.58, and the cash contribution is $3.32.  So we'll take a look at results from our other operating segments on Slide 10. Our Chemicals segment posted another strong quarter with earnings of $199 million, which is up from $138 million a year ago. This increase is primarily due to higher ethylene and polyethylene margins, as well as increased equity earnings from CPChem's interest and ventures in the Middle East. Midstream earnings of $130 million were more than double the earnings we had from that segment a year ago, and this is primarily related to higher natural gas liquids prices. Corporate expenses of $203 million for this quarter compared to $367 million a year ago. This improvement is primarily driven by foreign exchange impacts and lower interest expense.  So we'll move to Slide 11, and look at our cash flow from operations for the second quarter. We generated $5.4 billion in cash from operations this quarter, excluding a $900 million decrease in working capital, which also benefited cash from operations. In the first quarter, we saw a working capital decrease of about $2 billion -- a working capital increase, excuse me, of about $2 billion. The decrease this quarter is primarily related to reductions in inventory in our Downstream business. These working capital numbers are going to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, but we expect these changes to average 0 over time. We generated $160 million in cash proceeds from dispositions in the second quarter. Dispositions during the quarter included some E&P assets in Western Canada, as well as some technology and transportation assets. We funded a $3.1 billion capital program that was $2.8 billion in E&P and $300 million in our R&M business. Our distributions to the shareholders this quarter amounted to $4 billion, which included the repurchase of 42 million shares at a cost of $3.1 billion, and $900 million paid out as dividends. Share repurchases since we started our program in 2010 have totaled $8.7 billion, which represents about 9% of our shares outstanding. We ended the quarter with $5.5 billion in cash and $2.6 billion in short-term investments, so $8.1 billion in total cash and short-term investments.  Turning to Slide 12. We'll take a look at our capital structure. Our capital employed is essentially flat with where it was at the end of 2010 with small increases in equity and small decreases in debt. Our equity increased by about $1.5 billion. The combination of income and some foreign exchange impacts were offset, largely offset by share repurchases and dividends. Our debt-to-total cap remains at 25%, which is in line with our target. In the second half of 2011, we expect to retire about $500 million of maturing debt.  So we'll move to the next slide, and talk about our capital efficiency metrics. Both our ROCE and cash returns improved in the second quarter, driven by the growth in earnings and cash flow. Our annualized ROCE for the second quarter was 15%. If you look at the Upstream part of our business, ROCE was 17% and Downstream was 13%. That completes the review of the second quarter 2011 results.  I'll wrap up with some forward-looking comments before we open the line up to questions. So let me start with updates in a few areas. In R&M, we've had pretax turnaround expenses year-to-date of approximately $160 million, and we expect full year expenses to be around $350 million. And this is lower than the previous guidance of $450 million. We expect global Refining capacity utilizations to be in the low 90s in the second half of 2011.  On the Upstream side of our business, when we look at the production for the rest of the year, we see the third quarter that we'll have increased maintenance and turnaround activities, primarily in Alaska, the U.K., Middle East. And then we expect fourth quarter production to increase to a level similar to what we've seen in the second quarter. And overall, for the year, we would expect production to be somewhere between 1.625 million and 1.65 million BOE per day. On July 19, 2011, the U.K. enacted legislation, increasing income tax rate, effective March 24, 2011. As a result, we expect to recognize a third quarter expense of approximately $110 million in the E&P segment related to the revaluation of deferred taxes, and $80 million due to higher taxes from the March 24 period through the end of June. On our guidance for DD&A and corporate expenses, we don't have any changes at this time.  In Bohai Bay in China, we are working closely with the Chinese government in our co-venture, Sinoc, following the release of about 1,500 barrels of oil and oil-based drilling that occurred in June. We reported this incident to the Chinese authority immediately after it occurred. The cause is still under investigation, and we currently have about 17,000 BOE per day net of shut-in production. We expect the announcement of the final investment decision for the APLNG project soon. With the achievement of FID and as we've announced previously, the agreement with Sinopec to subscribe for a 15% equity interest in APLNG, we expect to recognize an after-tax loss of about $275 million during the third quarter related to the dilution of our interest in that project.  So switching to North America. We continue to pursue adding to our high-quality unconventional resource opportunities. So far, in 2011, we've added about 340,000 acres to our North American resource plays. Activity levels in our Lower 48 liquids-rich shale plays continue to ramp up. Our current production at Eagle Ford is about 24,000 BOE per day. Well results there remain encouraging, but we do have some production curtailments due to third-party condensates trucking constraints. We are still -- we're getting about 75% liquids content at Eagle Ford. We're operating 13 rigs in this -- we operated 13 rigs in this play during the second quarter, and we expect to be up to 16 rigs there by year end.  We are also planning to increase activity significantly in the Bakken and North Barnett plays during 2012, and we would expect that our rig count in these areas to nearly double by the end of 2012. Our second quarter production from these 2 areas was about 30,000 BOE per day. So as we continue to develop our Lower 48 opportunities, we continue to find opportunities from increased investments with strong economic returns. This year, we've already allocated an additional $500 million of our capital program to these activities. And as we look forward -- and we're currently working through our plans for increased investment levels in 2012. The key of executing the capital program in the Lower 48 is going to be our assessment of capacity and service providers, drilling rigs and completion crews and our ability to bring production online as quickly as production is increased, and that relates to the build out and access to infrastructure and takeaway capacity.  On some International items, in Poland, our third well has been successfully drilled, and we've got a multi-stage frac over the horizontal section of that well. It's going to begin in the third quarter, and the fourth well is also expected to be spud in the third quarter. In Australia, the necessary permits have been received, and we plan to move forward with the exploration and appraisal program in the Greater Poseidon area starting in late 2011 and that will continue on into 2012. On the Downstream side, the core project, the Wood River is scheduled to be online in the fourth quarter. We expect that this project will generate a mid-teens return and our current projects, we would expect at current margins. We would expect that this project would add $200 million to $300 million of net annual cash flow.  On our asset sales program, we are in various stages of marketing several assets as part of this program. Our plans to sell $5 billion to $10 billion of assets in 2011 and 2012 have not been impacted by our announcement of the repositioning and to separate the E&P and Downstream companies. These processes take time. We're making progress, and these processes will continue to include Downstream assets in our target to reduce refining capacity by 500,000 barrels per day remains in place. We also continue to repurchase shares, and we expect that we will do so at a rate similar to what we've done in the second quarter.  So I'll conclude with a few comments about our recent announcement, which is Slide 15 in the presentation. So on July 14, we announced our intent to create 2 leading independent energy companies by spinning off our Downstream business into a new publicly held company. We believe that this was a compelling transformational event for our company, and we're convinced that this is the right thing to do long term for shareholder value. We see benefits of greater management focus, greater focus on capital allocation, less complexity in running these businesses going forward. While we recognize that the external environment has changed and will continue to change, and that both these companies will have the size and the scale to effectively compete in the environments going forward.  Our assets and ability to grow will be more transparent externally post this transition, and we believe that the market will value this transparency. We understand that there is uncertainty about the exact allocation of assets and where the joint ventures will be, as well as what the capital structure will be for these companies and the management teams for these companies. And we expect to -- and we plan to provide you additional information on these items in September of this year. We also expect that we will be naming CEOs for both of these companies before the end of the year.  So that concludes the prepared remarks, and we will open up the line for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ed Westlake from Crédit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: So just firstly, on the Downstream spinoff, it's been a few weeks. Is there anything you can say in terms of the reaction of some your partners in some of the JVs that you've had, CPC Chem (sic) [CPChem], Sinoc and DCP Midstream?
Jeffrey Sheets: No, it's really too early for us to make any comments on that. But those discussions have started. And until we've concluded those discussions, it would be premature for us to say anything.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And just on the disposals, I mean, obviously, you've done $1.9 billion so far this year out of the sort of $5 billion to $10 billion that you're looking for. Can you talk in any detail about sort of how much you think you could get done in the second half of the year out of that sort of 18-month program?
Jeffrey Sheets: I think we'll just say that we're still on the $5 billion to $10 billion additional to the $7 billion we did in 2010, over 2011 and 2012. We have a lot of -- as I mentioned earlier, we have a lot of different transactions that we are working and then we would expect that we will be closing some additional transactions in 2011, and probably announcing some that will close in 2011. And really, that will close in 2012 later this year. We would -- so I would just, again, reiterate the same $5 billion to $10 billion range that we've said for the 2011, 2012 combined.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And then just on the final question on the Eagle Ford. Obviously, you're running into, as you say, a few production curtailments due to trucking. Pipelines is probably the way forward to get that crude out there. Can you just give us an update on when you will have your Eagle Ford production fully covered by pipeline export options?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, I think this is going to be a continually evolving aspect of this. We'll have additional capacity built out, and then we're also going to continue ramp-up production. And maybe just a couple of comments on the Eagle Ford overall. So in the second quarter, we averaged 21,000 barrels a day out there. We currently are producing around 24,000 barrels a day. We probably could be producing a little over 30 if we had no production constraints out there at all. So we'll have periods. We're going to catch up, and then we'll have periods, where we will fall behind again. But I would think as we move into 2012 and 2013, that we would expect to be out of the curtailment situation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Jeff, I have a question about U.S. E&P. Your results were obviously very strong there even with the penalty of the new tax regime in Alaska. And on this point, my question is really twofold. One, whether you have an idea of the earnings effect of the rise in Alaskan taxes year-over-year. And two, whether you have an updated deal on the likely outcome or any timing of adjustments that may materialize up there?
Jeffrey Sheets: Maybe we'll just kind of give you some numbers on Alaska production taxes. If you look at how much we paid in the first quarter, it was a little bit just under $500 million. If you look at what we paid in the second quarter in production taxes, it was just a little bit less than $800 million. So a substantial part of the increase in prices, of course, in Alaska goes towards higher production taxes. We don't anticipate any near-term movement on -- in the political front in Alaska.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And then secondly, your results in -- your returns in E&P are clearly improving between the higher profitability from the tar, oil sands and conventional, maybe some other places as well. And you do have new production over the next several years. But on the divestiture plan, I had -- I wanted to just ask whether or not the functional and geographical areas from which your sales are likely to unfold, meaning have there been movement or some areas more likely to be sold, others less. And if so, how is your program changed over the last couple of years, Jeff, if you think it has?
Jeffrey Sheets: The program really hasn't changed, and we are in a situation where it's kind of the same situation we've been in since we -- even going back in the March Analyst presentation, where we've outlined what our targets are. But I've said that the nature of the things we're pursuing, it's probably best from a commercial perspective if we talk about them once they're nearing -- complete or nearing completion. So we're going to be probably not able to provide a lot of additional guidance on that. The same kind of production impact guidance that we gave back in March that this could be 50,000 to 100,000 barrels a day of incremental production that we're selling. It's still, we think, an appropriate way to look at it, and it can be a mix of things from all across our portfolio. I'm afraid I just -- with where we are in different aspects of this, there's not a lot more that we feel is appropriate to say at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: On CapEx, I wonder, just firstly, can you just confirm your expectations for 2011 split between Upstream and Downstream? And I have a follow-up on that subject.
Jeffrey Sheets: For 2011, we had a capital program of $13.5 billion, which is basically $12 billion Upstream and $1.5 billion Downstream and other. So it's kind of $1.2 billion in Downstream, and 300 in other. That's still pretty much where we are going forward for the rest of 2011 .
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And then you announced in your comments a significant step up in U.S. activity. I assume, clearly, that will require more CapEx into 2012. Can you talk about -- maybe give us a bit more color on what you intend to spend on. And secondly, clearly, how much more you would be expecting to spend in 2012?
Jeffrey Sheets: So we -- I mentioned in our early comments that we're going to allocate an incremental $500 million to developments in North America. I think we would anticipate that's going to come just from adjustments that we make in the overall program, a little bit slower spin perhaps on some projects than what we have initially anticipated to where the budget is going to end up in the same range, is what we've talked about earlier this year. We're taking a hard look now as what the 2012 level of expenditure is going to be in that area. But we could see that we could be up another $1 billion next year as we -- kind of help you with -- the possible range from where we were this year as we look at the breadth of our opportunities.
Clayton Reasor: Well, I think we've said $14 billion to $15 billion in CapEx in 2012. And I would say there's no reason to change that at this point.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, I mean, I'm just wondering if it was kind of incremental beyond that.
Clayton Reasor: I don't think so. I think the capital that comes into Lower 48 was probably reallocated, as Jeff said, from other projects that may not be moving as quickly as we thought.
Jeffrey Sheets: But that's something that as the rest of the year, as this year goes on and we get a little firmer on our 2012 plans, that we'll be able to provide more guidance on.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Right. And then thinking about the split companies, I assume that the CapEx levels, we expect it to be in line with what they were in the combined company, or am I wrong in that? And can you just talk a little bit more about the math that you have for growing the company as an Upstream stand-alone entity once you lose the free cash flow from the Downstream?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, so I think as we look generally at the Upstream part of our business, it is, of course, influenced by the level of commodity prices. But we generally feel like as you look over time, that it generates the cash necessary to fund the investment program and to fund the dividend, that some years it may be a little bit generate more cash than CapEx plus dividends, some of the year, it may be a little bit less than that. But both of these entities, when we set up a capital structure for them, we're going to create them with a lot of financial flexibility. So they're both capable of handling fluctuations in commodity prices, and continuing to invest capital through the cycle. So we don't anticipate that, that suggests any real change in our Upstream strategy. And the Upstream strategy is still going to be about converting resources to reserves, improving -- shifting the portfolio to higher-margin production, improving returns on capital, improving -- growing production on an absolute basis and on a per-share basis. And we'll be providing more information about this as we talk in more detail about these companies. But I mean, you'll see, I think, both these companies are going to have the financial flexibility to pursue the capital programs that make sense for them.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe that you think the Upstream would generate around $17 billion of cash flow from operations, at I think $85 oil, which will then cover the $3.3 billion dividend and leave you the remainder to try and grow, I think, at 3%. Is that correct?
Jeffrey Sheets: Those numbers sound about right. I think we will be, of course, talking in more detail about the outlook on both these companies as the rest of this year progresses.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Sure. And then finally, I think that the statement was you intend to continue buying back stock until you achieve absolute volume growth. That would imply, clearly, that you would be buying back stock throughout 2012?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I think what we've said is that we're going to continue to buy back. We talked a little bit -- the guidance we've given is the share repurchase that we're doing through 2011. We've authorized $11 billion in total. And that we would anticipate that we're going to do the majority of that in 2011. And then we'll continue to evaluate, as always, the relative balance of investment versus share repurchases going forward.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess to give yourself financial flexibility in terms of balance sheet, you might be thinking about less buyback in order to generate strong in 2012, in order to generate stronger balance sheets for the 2 separate entities?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I don't think we really are in a position to comment about 2012 buybacks. At this time, it's just always a part of our decision-making, and on how we're balancing the opportunities for investment versus the opportunities for share repurchase.
Operator: Our next question comes from Iain Reid from Jefferies.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: A couple of questions. Jim, I heard you say on APLNG about the write down you have to take. But also, could you clarify whether you're going to take a 1-train FID there, or whether you think you'll be in a position having sold enough gas to take a 2-train FID?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, we'll clarify that when we make our FID decision. But if we end up in a 1-train FID, it would be 1 train with building out the infrastructure for the second train. And then we would anticipate making a second train decision, once we got a little bit more clarity on the marketing of the volumes for the second train.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. So it's not based in terms of the marketing status of that?
Jeffrey Sheets: No, we don't really have anything that we're in a position to talk about at this time.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: But you are intending to sell presumably some of the Upstream assets to the buyers and coming on the second train, I believe?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, there's a potential that, that will occur. But I think we would not anticipate that we will be selling the level of interest that we would -- we sold to Sinopec as part of marketing the first train. Generally, the buyers that we're having discussions with on the second train, if they desire equity, they desire equity in the same levels that Sinopec was after.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. Second question is, is it possible to give some quantification of the benefit you got in the Mid-Continent in this quarter in terms of the WTI discount, say, compared to the first quarter?
Jeffrey Sheets: I don't think we will give precise numbers on that. It's a strong quarter for the Downstream operations. In the second quarter, in the strong areas where the Mid-Continent -- there also -- there was a fair strength in the Gulf Coast and the West Coast had fairly respectful margins as well. The East Coast refineries continue to struggle with margins, but we don't have a breakdown between regions that we're ready to share.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And last one, your full year outlook in terms of production, does that includes kind of an embedded assumption on disposals, or is that just how you see the business as it is today?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, I could kind of see it how we see the business as it is today. I think -- we still think that we will be making additional disposals in 2011 or announcing additional ones in 2011 that we'll close in 2012. I think those are likely to be weighted later in the year to where they're not going to have significant impacts on production for 2011.
Clayton Reasor: So just to be clear, that's an absolute number that -- Libya, obviously, we've taken Libya volumes out, and we've taken the impact of asset sales so far this year, which is a relatively small amount, maybe 5 a day or less out of that number.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. All right. And finally, just one question on Libya. Have you had any discussions with the potential new -- well, obviously, ongoing new government, but the rebels, as they're called at the moment or independent people, about any of your assets which they may control now?
Jeffrey Sheets: We're not in any position to have discussions with any group like that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng: Several quick question. In Qatar, what is the net to the company in oil sand, in liquid and gas in the second quarter?
Clayton Reasor: I don't think we have disclosed either the volume or the price on LNG, Paul, specifically to Qatar.
Paul Cheng: Okay. I presume it's already in full production, right?
Clayton Reasor: It is.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Kind of in the -- for your full year guidance in production, what's the assumption you used in terms of the Bohai Bay shut in?
Clayton Reasor: Well, as Jeff said, we are down 17,000 barrels a day. I think production prior to the shut in of that production was around 60. I'm not sure what we've promised as far as when those volumes come back on, but...
Jeffrey Sheets: That's part of the range that we're giving on that numbers. I mean, we are having conversations now with the authorities in China about, well, the incident overall and the timing of the restart of production.
Paul Cheng: Jeff, can you tell me that, what's the range you assume in that, your guidance for Bohai Bay?
Jeffrey Sheets: No, we're not...
Clayton Reasor: 0 to 17.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, well...
Paul Cheng: Okay. Form 10, when you guys are going to file?
Jeffrey Sheets: On the spin out?
Paul Cheng: Yes.
Jeffrey Sheets: We're working through details of the schedule right now. We would like to get in a position to where we file the IRS ruling request in the fourth quarter of this year.
Paul Cheng: But the Form 10 should be before that, right?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, yes, it will be different. It will be around the same time frame, and there'll be iterations on the Form 10.
Paul Cheng: Right. So we should not expect that's some time, say, in the third quarter? It will be a fourth quarter event?
Jeffrey Sheets: I think that's probably right, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Jeff, does any of your joint venture partners, when you guys originally signed the agreement that give them the right, such as share for Cenovus, if there's a change in control, they will have the right to acquire your interest, or that force it on you. If there are any agreement of that form, or they don't really have the right, or that the spinoff does not constitute as a change of control.
Jeffrey Sheets: There are rights. We're not giving any of the details. Each of our partners have various rights that we need to work through as we decide which entity each of the joint ventures goes into. And we're not really free to discuss exactly what those rights are, but those discussions have started with each of our partners.
Paul Cheng: Okay. So you're saying that some of them do have rights that could acquire or made the right of the acquiring your interest?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, they're more along the lines of rights of the first refusal but....
Paul Cheng: Is the spin-off considered as a change of ownership or a change of control?
Jeffrey Sheets: Not -- well, in what context? I think we'd have to say that in terms of the documents that govern each of the joint ventures, there's different definitions of how an event like -- in different ways, and how an event like this would be treated that don't really fall into a change in control type categorization. So I don't think we can really answer that question as yes, no. The agreements, again, are more complex than that.
Paul Cheng: Two final question. One, Kashagan, is that one of the asset, the company, being considered for divestment, given that some of your partner look like that have signal that they may be selling their share already given they're top [ph] of that in that projects?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I probably just have to go back to the same kind of answer that we've given on asset sales before, is that as we move through asset sales program, there are certain assets where we're working on and having discussions about, where it's probably not appropriate to give a lot of -- it doesn't help us commercially to give a lot of the details about that. So we don't really want to get into saying it's this particular asset or that particular asset that we're working on at this time.
Paul Cheng: Okay. That's fair. And final one, Jeff, I know that you guys have indicated you're going to continue the share buyback program at least for this year at about $1 billion a month. Just curious that the thinking behind -- when given that by next year, you're going to have a 2 separate company, 2 new management leadership, that who's going to be the CEO, not going to be from the existing senior management team in some way. So what's the thinking behind that to take into consideration whether that the company should stop their share buyback and they offer sales to give perhaps their maximum financial and operating flexibility to the new team? You also say that if we're going to continue in this way by the time we come to the end of the year or early next year, the bulk of your cash on hand is probably going to use up 25% debt-to-capital ratio, if not, high. But on the other hand, that is not extremely low to provide them a lot of flexibility either. So wondering there, how the consideration or thinking -- or that they're thinking in the existing management team or the board?
Jeffrey Sheets: So if you look at where we started the year, we started the year with around $10 billion in cash. We're generating strong cash from our operations this year, which is kind of really more than fund the capital and the dividend program. So as in share repurchase, we'd be adding to that cash balance. And at the same time, we're continuing to -- with an asset sales program that we think is going to add proceeds in 2011 and 2012. You raised a good question. So when we look at this, so we think about the amount of financial flexibility that we have based on cash we started with, cash from operations that we're generating, continued asset sales program. We think that we can execute the share repurchase program we've talked about for 2011 and still have the levels of cash, the levels of -- end up with levels of debt in these entities that will provide us quite a bit of financial flexibility. So we're still quite comfortable that we are not doing something that would diminish the ability of either of these companies to really have all the financial flexibility they need going forward by repurchasing shares in 2011.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: I got a couple of quick ones. Actually, a few quick ones if I run through them. Just a point of clarification on the production guidance, at least, Jeff. What is the expected scale of production that will be sold in the remaining $5 billion $10 billion program? And just to be clear, I assume the guidance, as you pointed, any sales would likely not affect 2011, just want to be clear that, that is indeed the case.
Clayton Reasor: Yes, so I think the guidance we've given on production impact from $5 billion to $10 billion asset sales program is 50 to 100...
Jeffrey Sheets: million barrels a day...
Clayton Reasor: Yes, we haven't really come off that number.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: And that's still to go, Clayton, or has any of that been done already?
Clayton Reasor: Well, I think the first half of the year, maybe 5 a day. Yes, I think you can essentially say, Doug, that it's still to go.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it. And China, the 17,000 barrels a day, have you knocked that out of your guidance for the second half of year as well? So the guidance is net of that 17,000, or do you assume it comes back again?
Jeffrey Sheets: No, we assume that we will be returning those fields to production, the B and C platform in Bohai will return to production. And the question is just what the timing of that will be...
Clayton Reasor: About when it is.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: But it's in the guidance for the second half? Is it included or it's excluded?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, it's part of the variability that we see in potential outcomes for the second half.
Clayton Reasor: And from the standpoint that we didn't have that production in July. We included that impact. But you're looking at a 25,000-barrel a day variance, and it's awfully tough to get -- that's a pretty small number on a 1.65 million a day.
Jeffrey Sheets: We're just not really -- we can't be a lot more accurate than that in estimating production.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it. I understand there is a lot of confidentiality around Qatar. So I'm not optimistic on this one, Clayton, but let me give it a go.
Clayton Reasor: That's a good way to start the question.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Well, my understanding is that some of the other very large LNG projects have multi-year tax breaks. Does that also apply to you guys?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I think that falls in the category of commercial terms that we can't disclose.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. I'll figure out maybe the answer. I'll just try another couple of quick ones, and then I'll let someone else for the go. I guess the last operating question is really the liquids-rich plays, Eagle Ford, Bakken. Can you just give us an update as to how your acreage position is evolving there? It looks as if you're -- I'm guessing you're continuing to add and bolt on as you move towards those high-margin barrels, so an update there. And then my last one is strategic, but I'll let you answer that, and then I'll go to the strategic one...
Jeffrey Sheets: So as we-- no, I think we have very substantial positions in those plays already that we acquired quite a while ago. We will -- the acreage that we have added, and we're talking about the 340,000 acres that we have added have been in developing plays, and not in the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Barnett. I think we see what the -- or we see a lot of running room with the acreage we have already, multi-year development at Eagle Ford. We talk about looking at the Bakken and Barnett, and then increasing activity there based on our existing acreage. We find that acreage is going at a very handsome price right now in those areas. And so we're looking to add acreage to other places and more perspective, not as developed plays and building and concentrating on building out and exploiting the acreage, which we have previously acquired in the Eagle Ford, and the Bakken and the Barnett.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And the last one for me is really -- is maybe it’s actually maybe one for Jim rather than yourself, Jeff. But in the context of going back through the last year and the very successful asset program or sales program, I should say, you started off with Syncrude. And one of the glaring, I guess, disconnects that you can see in the market is the value you've given Cenovus versus, let's see, your assets that you share with Cenovus now. Of course, there's no -- the chance that you all is going to get split in 2, I'm guessing. I'm just curious as to why, when Jim's comments in the separation call, he said, "It doesn't really matter to him if production is 1.6, 1.5, 1.4 in terms of getting value recognition." At least, that was my recollection. Why, in light of what management has done to date, trying to get the value recognition with restructuring your interest in the Cenovus equivalent assets, and maybe trying to achieve that kind of valuation, why is that not an option, or is it an option? And I'll leave it there.
Jeffrey Sheets: Okay. See, I'm not sure if I understood there what you're suggesting we might do with our Cenovus -- with our assets in the partnership with Cenovus. We, just generally, this all kind of gets to the transparency questions and one of the things that we think will be beneficial to as we go forward when we have even calls such as this one. The subject is focused on one area, and we will be, I think, providing more information and more focus on either just the Upstream or just the Downstream assets. And we think that increased transparency will cause a better understanding of what our asset base is going to be.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes, I guess the issue, Jeff, is you released an awful lot of value from Syncrude that wasn't arguably being reflected in the stock. And if you look at the fully integrated oil sands project, in other words, the Christina Lake and so on, all the way down to Woods River, is essentially the same thing, and you're not getting the value for that. So why would you make a decision on Syncrude, that you wouldn't look to maybe separate out what is clearly been given a very hefty market value and in the case of Cenovus for almost exactly the same assets? I guess...
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, yes, well, I think maybe the answer there is really more about Syncrude than it is about SCCL, and if you think about...
Clayton Reasor: They're really not the same types of assets given our ownership and the running room that we had in Syncrude versus SCCL.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, really differently that way too. Yes, just kind of expand on it, Clayton [ph]. I mean what in Syncrude was a 9% interest in a very large, very solid strong asset for which there was a very good market for in -- and for which we could do the sale in a way that was tax efficient for us. So all of those things led us to say, "Well, we can get more value, obviously, for Syncrude by marketing that asset than it was worth to us, keeping it just from a net present value perspective." And really, on all of our asset, sales transactions, our guiding principle is we're driven by what's the net present value, the cash flows that we anticipate we're going to get out of these projects versus the value, the after-tax value of our sales proceeds. We're not really doing asset sales. We're doing asset sales because we think we can get more value as we look at it just from a cash flow perspective through selling the asset than we can by retaining the asset. It's not really because we're trying to say, well, this asset or that asset is or is not contributing to our overall market valuation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Weiss from Argus Research.
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: First question I have for you. In the past, you talked about having an interest in acquiring acreage should it become available on the Gulf. And I was wondering if there's any changes to that in light of your comments about allocating more money to the Eagle Ford.
Jeffrey Sheets: No, I don't think so. We still have an interest in acquiring acreage in the Gulf. But in particular, we have interest in acquiring exploration acreage because we try to build out what our investment portfolio is going to be longer term. So the expenditures that we talked about are kind of higher expenditures in the Lower 48 are for 2011, 2012, 2013-type investments. When you talk about adding things in the Gulf of Mexico, you're adding things that are more, perhaps, some near-term exploration expenditures. But really, well, the larger expenditures are going to come later in the life, and that helps build our portfolio in the 2015 and beyond timeframe. So yes, it's a good question. No change in our interest level in the Gulf of Mexico assets.
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: And then the next question I have, realizations. I know that with the relationship that we have among the various types of crudes right now, that your realizations have improved, and then that's helping the Upstream results. And I was just wondering what kind of thoughts you might have as to how long that's going to last, and if it's going to get any wider, and that kind of thing.
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, I think we'll continue to see that happen over time.
Clayton Reasor: Are you talking specifically about the margin expansion that we're seeing or the improvement in margins that comes from greater liquids production versus gas or...
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: No, I'm talking more just about the difference between light Brent and WTI and Louisiana light.
Jeffrey Sheets: No, so more on the Downstream side then?
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: No, here, I'm just thinking, when I look at your realizations relative to where prices came in for the second quarter, they've gone up. And so I'm just trying to figure out how long that may -- what your view is on how long that spread may last. I know there's a downstream benefit as well, but I'm thinking on terms of what you're selling your oil for.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I'm not -- I don't know that I really thought about given the question in that way.
Clayton Reasor: So realizations, they've improved in some areas. I guess, in part, because our costs in those areas or our listings in those areas may be different in the second quarter than first quarter. But why don't we take that one offline and come back to you?
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: Okay. That's fine. And then just want -- Clayton, I just to confirm that debt pay down that you mentioned, that's just maturing debt. It's not in the other...
Jeffrey Sheets: That's right. That's just the maturity that we have in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our final question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Wheel.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Question on the new acreage that you've added, the 343,000 acres. I know you said it was developing plays. For one, I was going see if you could elaborate a little more on any specific areas on that. And then in conjunction with that, you mentioned the new Canadian shale play, hoping maybe to get some color on whether that's oil or gas, or when you may start drilling there.
Jeffrey Sheets: So just generally, maybe just some broad characterization on the acreage that we've added. It's maybe 2/3 in Canada and 1/3 in the Lower 48. We find ourselves in a position that we don't really want to say a lot more than that, because we still continue to acquire acreage. And it's a competitive world out there, and we don't really want to give a lot of color on exactly where we're acquiring acreage.
Clayton Reasor: And obviously, we're looking for liquids rich, right? So they shales -- unconventional that we're going after is going to be more from a liquid's perspective than a gas perspective.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Okay. And on Canada -- so again, liquids there, and any idea on when you may start testing?
Clayton Reasor: Well, I don't know. I guess I don't know what the exploration program is around this acreage. I can't imagine us doing anything this year. I think the exploration program in 2011 is probably set. So I would -- I'm going to guess and say it's going to be a 2012 program. Jeff, do know any more?
Jeffrey Sheets: No. I think it's something that kind of will fall in the categories as we talked about finance for these -- in more detail for these companies going forward that, that will be -- and we talk about our exploration program going forward that's -- more color on that.
Clayton Reasor: It's consistent with this idea of exploiting some of the existing acreage that we have onshore, and adding to our unconventional base in North America.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Okay. And last one for you, Clayton, I know we've talked in the past about your Permian and Bakken and Eagle Ford, and I think the original expectation was to add more capital to Eagle Ford due to some constraints takeaway, capacity cost, et cetera up in the Bakken or maybe even Permian. Has that landscape changed at all? I know, obviously, you've mentioned some issues with Eagle Ford, but if you could just give us a lay of the land on how those 3 look?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, so Eagle Ford, the results are all in line with our expectations, and they're encouraging. In terms of liquid content, in terms of well productivity, we're managing through the infrastructure questions there. As I mentioned, we're increasing rig counts in Eagle Ford going kind of from 13 in the second quarter, where we think we'll be up to 16. So we are continuing to expand the pace of that development.
Clayton Reasor: But in capital spend, there's estimated still at Eagle Ford, around a $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion a year, so in 2011. And the reference that Jeff made earlier about Bakken and Barnett, which are incrementally $0.5 billion, would be into those areas rather than into Eagle Ford.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Okay. And I guess I'm fishing -- is that an indication...
Clayton Reasor: And Permian will be part of that, as well, Blake.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Okay. But is that an indication that constraints, some of the constraints you're initially seeing are beginning to kind of alleviate a bit or...
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, that level of spending is consistent with what we think we can have prompt off-take for.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back to Mr. Reasor for closing remarks.
Clayton Reasor: Great. Thanks, Kim, and thanks, everybody, for your participation in the call. We think we're doing a lot of good things at ConocoPhillips, and look forward to the next time we're able to talk with you. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey Sheets - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Clayton Reasor - 
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG Katherine Minyard Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC Jacques Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch Paul Cheng Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc. Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG Unknown Analyst -  Hernan Ladeuix - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2011 ConocoPhillips Earning Conference Call. My name is Kim, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Relations. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.
Clayton Reasor: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for your interest in ConocoPhillips. We're here to talk about our first quarter 2011 results. And I'm joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, we'll provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the first quarter, as well as our outlook for 2011. As in the past, you can find our presentation materials on the Investor Relations section of ConocoPhillips website. Before we get started, I'd like you to take a look at the Safe Harbor statement we've got on Slide 2. And it's just a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what's presented today. And factors that could cause actual results to differ are included in our filings with the SEC.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff to take you through our prepared remarks and presentation.
Jeffrey Sheets: Thanks, Clayton. And good morning to those on the call and those listening in on the Web. I'll start with Slide 2 which highlights some of our first quarter results. So during the first quarter, our earnings after adjustment for special items were $2.6 billion. That's $1.82 a share, which is up from $1.47 share in the first quarter of 2010. We had improved financial results this quarter compared to a year ago, however we experienced more unscheduled downtime than normal in both our E&P and R&M sectors and that adversely impacted income by about $150 million.  Earlier in the quarter, we announced a 20% increase into our dividend and our board authorized a $10 billion share repurchase program. And in the quarter, we returned $2.6 billion of cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Our annualized return on capital was 12% for the quarter and cash returned on capital was 21%. Our first quarter production was 1.7 million BOE per day and our global refining capacity was 89% during the first quarter. During the quarter, we generated cash from operations of $4 billion, excluding working capital changes, and ended the quarter with $8.4 billion in cash and short-term investments. So let's turn to Slide 3 and discuss some of the details of our performance. So the total company adjusted earnings were $2.6 billion, up $426 million compared to the first quarter of 2010. Both E&P and R&M improved earnings from over a year ago. Our E&P segment improved $282 million due to higher liquids prices which were partially offset by lower production volumes and higher production taxes.  Compared to the first quarter last year, our R&M segment generated $459 million more in earnings this quarter due primarily to higher refining margins.  Controllable costs were flat for the quarter compared with a year ago. However, variable compensation expenses related to prior year performance negatively impacted earnings for the quarter by about $50 million and that cost was spread out across the operating segments.  This quarter's earnings were also negatively impacted by the discontinuation of equity accounting for LUKOIL. So if you exclude the $385 million impact of LUKOIL earnings in the first quarter of 2010, our adjusted earnings for the first quarter of 2011 are around $800 million higher than our earnings in the first quarter of last year. So we move to our next slide and take a look at production levels for the quarter. First quarter production was 1.7 million BOE per day, that's 126,000 BOE per day lower than the first quarter of last year.  Field decline decreased production this quarter versus last quarter by about 187,000 BOE per day, that's primarily out of the North Sea, Lower 48, China and Alaska. But nearly offsetting this decline was 175,000 BOE per day of production from new projects, as well as new drilling and improved well performance around our existing production. Now the increase in production from projects is primarily from Qatargas 3, Bohai Bay and the Lower 48 liquids-rich shale plays. Downtime also adversely impacted our production during the quarter. The 65,000-barrel per day reduction is primarily due to civil unrest in Libya, several-day shutdown of the Trans Alaska Pipeline System in January, supply vessel collision with our Brittania platform in the U.K. and other downtime in the North Sea.  The impact to production from asset dispositions was 49,000 BOE per day. Nearly all of this is related to the dispositions we did in 2010 in Canada and the Lower 48. We filled some additional nonoperated interest in the Lower 48 in the first quarter, but that only impacted production by about 2,000 BOE per day. If you look just at North America natural gas, the reduction was about 50,000 BOE per day of this total decrease in production. So if you turn to Slide 5, we can talk about E&P earnings. So E&P adjusted earnings for the quarter were $2.2 billion, which was 15% higher than the same quarter a year ago. Higher prices and other market impacts contributed $519 million of the increased earnings. The earnings improvement was partially offset by a $294 million decrease in after-tax revenue from lower sales volume, and there was a $57 million benefit from costs and other items during the quarter. So if you look at the table on the bottom of the slides, you can see that the improved E&P earnings were driven by international earnings. The U.S. adjusted earnings declined compared to the first quarter last year, largely driven by lower volumes, partially offset by higher liquids prices. Our realized crude oil and NGL prices were higher in the first quarter of last year, while realized prices for bitumen and natural gas were flat to slightly lower. The impact of lower Henry Hub prices being partially offset by higher natural gas prices internationally. So we'll move to the next slide and talk about E&P metrics. Look at E&P income per BOE, both income per BOE and cash contributions per BOE increased reflecting the improvement in prices for oil and NGL, as well as some self-help in the form of shifts in our production mix.  We continue to shift production away from Lower 48 and Canadian natural gas given our view that natural gas prices are going to be pretty subdued in the near to medium term. And Lower 48 represents a shrinking -- Lower 48 and Canada gas represents a shrinking part of our portfolio. If you look at 2008, it was 28% of our portfolio, it was 26% in 2010 and 24% in the first quarter of 2011. So full year 2010 E&P income per BOE was $10.56. If you look at the first quarter, it was $14.34, so an improvement of $3.80 per BOE. About 10% of this margin improvement can be explained by the shift in production away from Lower 48 and Canadian natural gas that I just discussed. So turning to R&M on Slide 7. Our Refining & Marketing adjusted earnings improved significantly over the same quarter a year ago. Downstream market conditions were stronger in the U.S. and U.S. market cracks improved over 130%, driving a $464 million improvement in margins and other impacts. Volumes were a small benefit this quarter compared to the first quarter last year mainly driven by increased volumes in some of our specialty businesses and in U.S. marketing. Our refining capacity utilization of 86.7% from the quarter was essentially unchanged from the first quarter of last year. International refining capacity increased to 96%, up from 79% of the same quarter of last year when we adjust for the fact that we are no longer operating the Wilhelmshaven refinery.  Unplanned downtime cost us about 2% of first quarter utilization, and the majority of this downtime occurred at our Sweeny and our Borger refineries. Compared to the first quarter of 2010, operating costs were $26 million higher, primarily due to higher maintenance, compensation, and environmental and turnaround costs, partially offset by some lower utility costs.  As you saw on our press release, we built inventory in R&M in the quarter. Because we're in the market buying crude for refineries and selling products both from our refineries and our upstream assets, we had a strong fiscal position which allows us to do some profitable trading around these positions by capturing arbitrage and blending opportunities in the market. Establishing discretionary inventories is a part of that trading operation, and trading contributed about $50 million to R&M earnings in the first quarter. So the working capital impacts that we see from these discretionary inventory builds will be used as a cash in some quarters, and they'll be sources of cash in other quarters, but they'll tend to balance out over time. So we'll take a look -- a quick look at results from our other segments on the next slide. Chemicals segment posted record earnings of $193 million in the quarter, up $110 million from a year ago. This increase being driven by higher margins and lower operating costs. Midstream earnings of $73 million were essentially flat with last year, and corporate costs of $300 million were essentially flat with last year as well.  So we'll move on to Slide 9 and look at cash flow for the quarter. We generated $4 billion in cash from operations this quarter if you exclude the $2.1 billion increase in working capital. We generated $1.8 billion in cash proceeds from dispositions. These proceeds included about $1.2 billion from the sale of LUKOIL shares and $600 million from other asset dispositions.  With this cash, we funded $3.1 billion of the capital program, which was $2.9 billion in E&P and around $200 million in R&M. As I mentioned earlier, distributions to the shareholders were $2.6 billion for the quarter, which included the repurchase of 21 million shares at a total cost of $1.64 billion and $940 million of dividends. We resumed the share repurchase program in mid-February, following the announcement of our dividend increase and our share repurchase program. Debt reduction was around $400 million for the quarter. And at the end of the quarter, we had $6.2 billion in cash and $2.2 billion in short-term investments. And we expect to use the majority of this cash to repurchase ConocoPhillips shares. Now turning to the next slide, we'll take a look at our capital structure. On this slide, we just give some history of our equity and our debt levels. Not a lot of change this quarter compared to the end of 2010. Current debt balance was $23.2 billion; debt to cap ratio, right around 25%.  As we said previously, we're happy with where our debt balance is and we'll see it drift down a little bit over time as we have debt issues mature. We had $400 million of debt mature in the first quarter and we'll see about another $500 million of debt reduction for the balance of the year. So we don't see any to substantially reduce the debt balances from where they are today. The debt is long term, it's low cost, and we have a pretax average cost of this debt of around 5.5%. So we'll move to the next slide and talk some about some capital efficiency metrics. ROCE and cash returns here that we're showing now exclude the impact of LUKOIL to our current and our prior periods. So both our ROCE and cash returns improved in the first quarter, driven by growth in earnings and cash flow. Capital employed was basically flat for the quarter, and we had a slight increase due to some foreign currency adjustments. Upstream ROCE for the quarter was 15% compared to 12% in 2010. Downstream ROCE annualized for the quarter was 8% which is compared to 5% in 2010. So this completes the review of our first quarter results, and I'll wrap up with some forward-looking comments before we open the line up for questions. I'll start with some guidance on our downstream business. We expect 2011 turnaround activity to be similar to what we had in 2010, so pretax expenses of around $400 million to $450 million, and this is going to be weighted toward the second half of the year.  We expect 2011 global refining capacity utilization rate to be around 90%. And our total refining capacity now is 2.4 million barrels per day, that's down 2.7 million barrels per day last year, due to the shutting down of the Wilhelmshaven refinery.  At our Wood River refinery, we still expect the new units related to the core project to be up and running in the fourth quarter of this year. As we pointed out at the analyst presentation, we expect that this project will increase heavy crude capability by about 130,000 barrels per day, improve our clean product yield by 5% and increase our realized margins by about $4 a barrel. So moving to E&P. We've given guidance that we expect 2011 production to be about 1.7 million BOE per day before the impacts related to Libya production or any other additional asset dispositions. Typically, our second quarter and our third quarter production levels are lower than our first and our fourth quarter due to increased maintenance in the North Sea and lower production out of Alaska.  The events in Libya negatively impacted our production in the first quarter and will continue to do so at a rate of 45,000 to 50,000 barrels per day. But the earnings and cash flow impact associated with that are around $25 million to $30 million per quarter. Our OECD focused portfolio is less sensitive to PSC impacts. A $10 per barrel increase in our oil price impacts production by about 1,000 to 3,000 barrels per day due to the PSC impacts. So last month, the U.K. proposed a tax legislation, which if it's enacted in the third quarter of this year as they've talked about, it's going to -- which will significantly increase the tax liability to our U.K. upstream operations. When this law is enacted, we would expect that we're going to record about $100 million noncash charge to earnings due to the re-measurement of deferred tax liability.  They also announced a second tax proposal related to the taxes -- tax rates applicable to decommissioning costs. And if that's enacted, that will result in an additional noncash charge in 2012 from remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities. And we're currently evaluating the potential impact of that legislation to our operations. So moving to exploration. In the North Sea, we had 2 wildcat wells planned to test the Deep Triassic prospects. We sped the Peking Duck wildcat in late March and expect to reach target depth late in the second quarter. And we expect to spud the Pelican wildcat in 2012. Also in the North Sea, we acquired 2 Norwegian blocks in the Barents Sea during the first quarter.  In the Caspian, the results of the Rak More discovery are still being analyzed, and we expect to spud in the Nursultan well later this year or early next year. In Poland, we expect that the third well in May to further delineate our opportunities in this area. This is the first horizontal delineation well, and it follows 2 vertical wells in 2010, which tested the play concept. We continue to pursue high-quality unconventional opportunities in North America. In this quarter, we added 33,000 acres in the emerging Wolfcamp shale play in the Midland Basin. We remain encouraged by what we're seeing from results at Eagle Ford. Early production performance from the wells was better than what we expected. Initial rates are strong and the production is not declining as fast as we initially premised. We expect to have 14 rigs operating in this play during the majority of this year. And production from Eagle Ford in the first quarter was 71% liquids. We're also active in the liquids-rich areas of Bakken, North Barnett and Permian with 10 rigs operating in those areas. We expect to take that up to 12 rigs during this year. And in addition, we are participating in around a dozen nonoperated rigs in these areas. In all of the Lower 48, our plans are to have twice as many rigs running by year end than we have running in the first quarter of last year. So shifting to Australia. APLNG executed a binding sales and purchase agreement with Sinopec for the supply of 4.3 million tons per annum of LNG for 20 years. And as part of this agreement, Sinopec is going to become a 15% equity owner in APLNG. And we are still targeting a midyear final investment decision, at which point we anticipate that we'll recognize around a $250 million loss related to our dilution of our interest in APLNG. And we still are in very active discussions with potential offtakers for the second train volumes. This was the first full quarter of operations for our QG3 projects. The project in general ramped up faster than we expected, and we're very pleased with the performance of this project. Our 50-50 joint venture, Chevron Phillips Chemical, announced that it's advancing a feasibility study to construct a world-scale ethane cracker in one of its facilities along the Gulf Coast.  As we discussed in our analyst presentation last month, we continued to advance our asset disposition program and we expect to generate $5 billion to $10 billion of proceeds from asset sales in 2011 and 2012. We had given guidance previously that we expect these sales impact production by 50,000 to 100,000 BOE per day and take refining capacity down from 2.4 million to 1.9 million barrels per day. So on the share repurchase side so far this year, through yesterday, we've repurchased 32 million shares at a total cost of $2.5 billion. And we still expect to spend somewhere between $5 billion and $10 billion on share repurchase in 2011.  So that concludes our prepared remarks, and we'll now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, we have a question from Kate Minyard from JPMorgan.
Katherine Minyard: Just a couple of quick questions. First of all on APLNG, what are the milestones that we're looking for in terms of gas sales agreements that would enable you to reach an FID? And is there any level of gas price risk that ConocoPhillips would be willing to assume in order to advance the project to that stage?
Jeffrey Sheets: So we've got one train sold now to Sinopec, and we're actively marketing the second train. As we go through the next few months, we'll be having discussions with our partner about exactly what type of final investment decisions we'll take, whether we take a one-train FID or 2-train FID or one train with building infrastructure for the second. Those are all things we'll be in discussion with our partner over the next few months as we continue to market the second train. We can't really say today exactly what type of FID we will take. We're very optimistic about our ability to sell the second train, though. The market continues to have a good, strong demand for LNG both in the nearer term and the longer term. As far as whether ConocoPhillips would take a significant gas price risk to market the trains up, we don't view that that's necessary, that there's a good, strong market out there for sales of LNG from the project.
Katherine Minyard: Okay, great. And then just quickly on CapEx in Lower 48, at current oil prices, just curious as to whether you'd be looking to increase spending in the Lower 48. And if so, when might we see a production volume response from that? And I'll go ahead and leave it there.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. So at the analyst presentation, we talked quite a bit about our plans for the Lower 48 and there's nothing new from what we said about a month ago on Lower 48 capital. So we're continuing to evaluate the resource plays that we have there for potential and incremental investment opportunities. So it is a potential that we could do incremental CapEx. We haven't made any decision to do that yet. But the production guidance that we gave at the analyst presentation as far as the rate of increase from the shale plays is about the same as what we had said before. We ultimately think we're going to get that up to around 100,000 barrels a day coming out of the Eagle Ford, the Bakken and the Barnett. And we think by the end of this year, we're going to be up -- what was that? Do you remember the number there, Clayton? We'll be probably up to 40,000 or 50,000 by the end of this year.
Clayton Reasor: That's right. Yes, I think the guidance we've given on Eagle Ford, Bakken and North Barnett is around 50,000 barrels a day by year end.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Jeff, the quality of your E&P portfolio's improved considerably over the last several years with the success you've had over the development side and the divestitures, the plan is underway. And while your costs and on-schedule performance has been pretty good in the past, it looks likely that it's going to be a little bit challenged in the future given the number of projects that you have in Asia, specifically in China, Malaysia and APLNG. It's a pretty long list. And that's true especially with competitor investment in the region rising. So my question is, is how is the company preparing to manage this size while ensuring that you guys sustain this positive project delivery record and the returns that you expect in that area?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, so I think the challenges we have or what you outlined is we're operating in the areas where there's significant other activity. So we're being very aggressive about how we're managing developments. In Queensland, for example, they're working now with our EPC contractor to make sure that we don't run into difficulties there as we execute those projects. In our heavy oil developments in Canada, the same kind of thing, we know that that's a multiyear development, and we really work to schedule those things out to where that gets done. If you look at our resource plays in North America, like how we're developing Eagle Ford, we've made sure we had the rig commitment and the completion commitments in place early as we develop those programs. So yes, we've got a lot of things going on in terms of developing our portfolio and there's always schedule risk. But part of what -- we recognize that going into these projects, and we're putting a lot of effort into managing that schedule and cost risks up front.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And also in E&P, ConocoPhillips took an almost $5 billion noncash impairment in 2007 related to the position in Venezuela, which over the past few years has progressed in legal system in the ICSID. And so on this point, I want to see if we could get an update on the status, the next steps and the possible timeline, which I know may be difficult on that situation.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, sure, it is difficult to predict the timelines. But as we've talked about before, we have filed -- we're working through the arbitration process through the international courts. But we've had our arbitration hearings. We expect to get a ruling on jurisdiction and the parameters on which values would be calculated later on in this year and then values as far as the damage calculations subsequent to that. But there's also appeals processes that can be used even after these rulings are achieved. So we're probably still several years away from having a judgment that we can collect on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jacques Rousseau from RBC.
Jacques Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I just wanted to follow up on the slide you had talking about upstream production volumes. And specifically, I was curious of the field decline bar of 187,000 BOE per day. How much of that is oil versus gas?
Jeffrey Sheets: I don't have that right off the top of my head. It's a little bit more weighted. If you look at our portfolio overall, it's particularly related to North America. The shift is away from natural gas, so the decline in natural gases in North America is more than the decline in liquids. I think we just have to get back to you on a more precise split of how that declined. But it's a little bit more gas weighted than oil weighted.
Jacques Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And one other question if I could. Regarding Alaska, I know there's been a lot of discussion about potentially changing some of the tax laws there, and it looks like it may get pushed off into next year. And I just wanted to get your views on that.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I mean, Alaska has got a very progressive tax regime now and a very -- and it's getting to be a relatively high cost from a high tax cost area for us. But we think that there would be opportunity for increased investment in Alaska that is adversely impacted by the tax regime up there. So we'll continue to work with the relevant people in the government there to try to influence things. We're hopeful, but it's hard. We don't know what -- it's hard to speculate on what the impact might be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: You reiterated your disposal guidance, the $5 billion to $10 billion. I was wondering, firstly, what the near-term potential news flow would be out of that program. Secondly, whether the issues in North Africa have potentially derailed some of the potential disposals. And thirdly, any news that you might have on refining, restructuring would be gratefully received.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, as we've talked about at the analyst presentation, as opposed to what we did in 2010 where we were fairly specific about guidance on asset sales, we're taking the approach of -- we have several things we're pursuing, but we're not likely to give a lot of guidance about them until transactions are at an announcement point. So I don't think there's really much more we're going to say other than what we've said so far regarding asset sales. We continue -- we've mentioned before that we're continuing to work the Wilhelmshaven refinery asset sales process. We've got other things we're investigating and working on the downstream side, but it's too early to try to comment on those specifically. And as far as the events in North Africa, there's not much -- there's not really a comment that we can make there on the impact of that on our asset sales program either.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: On the pace of the buyback, it was a little bit slower than we expected. Can we anticipate that to accelerate for the rest of the year?
Jeffrey Sheets: So with the buyback, we spent $1.6 billion basically in first quarter, that was starting in mid-February, after we were out with our dividend and share repurchase announcement. As we talked about a little bit earlier, we spent basically another $900 million in April. So that would give you kind of an idea of the pace we've been going at so far this year, and we'll continue to evaluate that as we go through the year.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes. So it would be an appropriate run rate then?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple of, I guess, a little more granular things from me. Your depreciation in the upstream fell about $140 million sequentially, and I'm guessing some of that related to the unplanned downtime. But can you guys give us an idea of what's going on there in terms of how we should think about the run rate on a go-forward basis for, I guess, both for upstream and group for DD&A? And I have a follow-up, please.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. So for DD&A, what we guided at the analyst presentation of about $8 billion for 2011 is still what we would say for guidance. That is lower than DD&A levels in last year. Part of that is due to lower volumes. Also part of it is due to a shift in where our production comes from in that we're having increased production from equity affiliates where the DD&A number is essentially part of the equity earnings number, not separate as a DD&A number. So that is also a significant part of the chain. So guidance is $8 billion for DD&A, $7 billion upstream, $1 billion or so downstream.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it. And you kind of read my mind there because my follow-up is really on equity affiliates. Obviously, you don't breakout the earnings there, but is Qatar included in there? And can you just maybe just give us an update on how Qatar is performing because obviously that's been a big part of your incremental production this year and again is expected this year.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, Qatar is in there. And it's performed, as we've mentioned earlier, it's performed quite well. It ramped up faster than we anticipated and production has been fairly steady there. So that's been -- the news has been good coming out of Qatar in the QG3 project.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: What are the volumes, Jeff?
Jeffrey Sheets: The volumes are about 80,000 BOE a day.
Clayton Reasor: That's net.
Jeffrey Sheets: Our share net. Yes, our share was 80,000 BOE per day, right. No, I'm just saying just in equity affiliates in general, what -- the big things that go into that, of course, our midstream and our chemicals joint venture. Our 2 joint ventures with Cenovus on the upstream, the FCCL joint venture on the upstream and the WRB joint venture on the downstream and APLNG, as well as Qatar project.
Clayton Reasor: And a little bit of Russia.
Jeffrey Sheets: And a little bit in -- in NMNG, joint venture in Russia.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's terrific. And then last one I have, if I may, is the asset sales on the dollar side, I think, the guidance is pretty clear there. But could you give us just a kind of run rate to date as to what you've completed in terms of volumes in the upstream and what you still have set to do? And I'll leave it there.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. So the only thing we did in the -- that was closed in the first quarter, was a relatively small transaction of some Lower 48 nonoperated assets. It was around $300 million to $400 million. The volumes associated with that are relatively small, in the 2,000 to 3,000 barrels a day.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. So what have you got left to do, Jeff?
Jeffrey Sheets: Pardon me? What's left to do...
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: What have you got left to do?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, we've got left to do the rest of the assets sales program we've talked about, the whole $5 billion to $10 billion. And kind of like the earlier question, we'll comment more on those things as they occur as opposed to identifying specific assets that will be part of this program.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: I had a question for you on the refining downtime in the first quarter. The release seems to suggest there was a bit of unplanned downtime. And I was hoping you could kind of address specifically the regions that's coming from and if that's been corrected heading into 2Q.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, it's really -- it's at different places but predominantly, it was at our Borger refinery and at our Sweeny refinery. So part of the Mid-Continent region and part of it out of the Gulf Coast region. Both of those were incidents that occurred which caused us to take facility -- portions of the refinery down for a period of time. And those things are both things that had been corrected. We have unplanned downtime every quarter. The first quarter was a little bit higher than what we would normally expect from unplanned downtime, and we put a number on that of around $50 million impact to R&M for the quarter.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: And then the second question for you was on your Permian acreage, the 1 million acreage you have there. Have you guys identified the amount of unconventional opportunity, whether it'd be Avalon or Bone Spring shale?
Jeffrey Sheets: We are working in those areas actively, but we haven't fully identified. No, we haven't fully identified that yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lakiesha Bonnie [ph] from Crédit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: It's Ed Westlake here. Just On the Eagle Ford and the Bakken volumes, can you just talk through how much of that volume already has a pipeline or a rail evacuation route already signed by Conoco in terms of your targets?
Jeffrey Sheets: So our current production is around a little over 20,000 barrels a day. We have about 5,000 barrels a day, wasn't it, Clayton? That's curtailed as we're working through evacuation. We have plans in place to cater for the full Eagle Ford production, which we expect will be up at the 65,000, 70,000 barrels a day by -- you'll see in a couple of years. So as we go through these next few time periods, there'll be periods where we're a little bit behind on the infrastructure, but we're confident that by the time we get to 2013 and the volumes we think we're going to have there, that we'll have infrastructure to take that volume away.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And then in the short term, that's more rail and then as pipelines evolve or?
Jeffrey Sheets: It's both truck and I think it's everything. And I think it's -- I don't know if we're using rail there, I think it's primarily truck and pipe.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And then just on the follow-on, obviously, we have announcement yesterday from another refining -- sorry, pipeline coming from Cushing to Gulf. What are your thoughts on, as a big Mid-Con refiner as well as the Gulf Coast, that the Keystone and the other PBT pipeline will be onstream by 2013? And what are the challenges they face?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, of course, Keystone XL faces the continuing permitting challenge to get that done. We anticipate that, that will occur and that the pipeline will be constructed in the next year and a half or so. We get the question a lot about whether we should be reversing our Seaway products -- Seaway pipeline which runs from the Gulf Coast to Cushing. That's something we'll continue to evaluate, but there is a solution plan now between Keystone XL and the questions whether there'll be incremental capacity required beyond that. And we, along with a lot of people, are studying that question.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: Right. And then my final question on the downstream. You've got better refining margins in Q2. You'll have your refineries hopefully back up onstream from the unplanned downtime. That's good. But what sort of negative impact are you seeing at this point from sort of prices impacting demand and on the retail side?
Jeffrey Sheets: That's a good question. We don't have as good a window into that as other companies do. But since we don't operate a retail marketing system, we're a wholesaler for our refined products. So we don't have any difficulty moving all the refined products that we can produce out of our refineries at market prices. So we haven't seen any evidence of decreased demand, so I'm not sure that we would be the one to really see that since we don't operate a retail network.
Clayton Reasor: For us, I guess, it would show up in the gasoline margins that we experienced at the refineries.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: On the refining side, if I'm looking at the domestic earnings, if you could give us a little bit color on the mix of those earnings. Did most of that come from the Gulf Coast Mid-Continent, and was the Northeast profitable this quarter?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, the strongest areas were the Mid-Con refining with the situation with WTI being what it is. East Coast refining was still relatively challenged. West Coast refining margins and Gulf Coast refining margins were actually stronger as well in the first quarter. So the strength in the Midwest, more strength than we've seen recently in the West Coast and, the East Coast was still a more difficult market.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Will you say greater than 50% of your profits came from Mid-Continent/Gulf Coast Area?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, between -- probably so.
Clayton Reasor: I'd say that's a fair comment, yes.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Got you. And then just looking at your bitumen price realization sequentially quarter to -- fourth quarter to first quarter, it looks like they were relatively flat for the consolidated company, even though I think the market prices were higher. If you could just kind of help us understand what's going on there? Or how are you getting your guys' bitumen to market? Or how are those realizations kind of being impacted by what's going on today?
Jeffrey Sheets: So I think we saw a widening of the differential between bitumen prices and crude oil prices during the quarter, which was part of what benefits refining as well. There's no change into how we get our crude -- our bitumen to the market. There's no -- we're not constrained by any infrastructure constraints in moving that product to market. So it's just the shift in differentials which caused -- which is the primary cause for the relatively flat bitumen prices compared to the increased crude oil prices.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: So you have no issues getting your product to market?
Jeffrey Sheets: No. Yes, that's correct.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: And then on Qatargas, the LNG volumes, which way were those volumes flowing during the quarter?
Jeffrey Sheets: We don't -- go into provide detail on exact destinations of where our Qatari volumes have been flowing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng: Jeff or Clayton, on the Seaway, your ownership, the 50%, if your partner want to use the right of way to construct another set of pipeline to move from, say, Cushing down to the Gulf Coast, do you guys have the veto power to veto that or the right to veto that if you want to, or that's not part of your agreement?
Jeffrey Sheets: I don't know the details of that, Paul. I'd be surprised if they could since the right of way that was owned by the company and we have the ability to influence decisions of the company which owns the right of way. But I don't know the answer to that.
Paul Cheng: Clayton, is it possible that there's something you can share, you can check and get back to me?
Clayton Reasor: I think it's a question if there's a commercial aspect of it or there's negotiation that we're in the middle of, we probably don't want to disclose it. But if it's public out there or it's part of some pipeline agreement that's in the public domain, I'd be happy to.
Paul Cheng: Okay. In your presentation, you indicate that the underlying field decline from the first quarter last year to the first quarter this year is 187,000 barrels per day or about -- maybe over 10% year-over-year. Is that a reasonable base operation, the kind of run rate that we should assume? Or there's a number of one-off incident that make that number higher than that we should use?
Jeffrey Sheets: No. I think that's similar to what we've talked about. So that number is just the unmitigated decline rate. So it's similar to what you heard Ryan Lance and Greg Garland talking about at the analyst presentation in March, that's kind of 10%, 11% of our production rate. And then you could do things within those existing fields to bring that decline rate to more like 5%, and then you can -- with new projects, you can arrest the rest of that decline and have production growth.
Clayton Reasor: That would be the number before maintenance and exploitation capital.
Paul Cheng: So this is before maintenance and exploitation?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, this is just unmitigated decline.
Clayton Reasor: Right.
Paul Cheng: And so what is the increase in production -- the partial offset in your presentation, is that included in your new project at the other column? You showed 187,000, that including both the new project as well as the benefit from the maintenance work?
Clayton Reasor: Well, from exploitation work is what I think -- doing things within existing fields to capture additional production is included in the projects performance and other on the production chart.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Jeff, I was looking at, in your cash flow statement, you say the working capital is a use of cash of $2.1 billion. I thought in a rising oil price environment, because you have a longer grace period for the crude purchase and your accounts receivable, the grace period that you gave to your customer, we should see working capital be a source of fund instead of a use of fund. Am I missing something here?
Clayton Reasor: Yes. So there's lots of different impacts that are happening with working capital that are price driven that will balance out over time as prices, as things catch up. So what we wanted to point out in the first quarter, though, is that the consciously chose to increase our inventory levels to facilitate some capturing of some margins in the marketplace that our commercial trading group had opportunities to do. And that was a big driver of the working capital change in the first quarter. And that's something that we could reverse if we chose to. And typically, we do allow our inventories to go up and down during the course of the year, so you'll see that, that will reverse over time. And you can look at previous years and you'll see a similar kind of pattern where we'll have usually inventory -- working capital negatives early in the year, working capital positives later in the year.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. Another source of variance on the working capital can also be taxes payable. A couple of times a year, we'll make a big tax payment and so that number will be -- tax payable will obviously be a source of funds. And there's some variation that comes from that as well in the high price environment. But the big move quarter was obviously inventory.
Paul Cheng: Okay. So this quarter's inventory, is not the tax, even though it could be a fluctuation factors in the future?
Jeffrey Sheets: That would be hundreds of millions of dollars. It wouldn't be at the magnitude that you're seeing this quarter.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Jeff, any insight that you can share with us on the Ekofisk redevelopment effort? Where we are in the process? What kind of estimate development costs on the actual, as well as on the per barrel basis of the incremental reserve that you would be able to recover, and what kind of production impact?
Clayton Reasor: We've got nothing incremental to what we shared at the analyst presentation just about a month ago. We do anticipate that sanction on the Ekofisk -- South Development Ekofisk 2 -- Eldfisk 2 will be among the major projects that we sanction this year. They've got attractive both F&D and rates of return. And it's going to -- that over time, that those are projects which will cause us to move from having a declining production. Well, first, they arrest near-term decline in Norway and, ultimately, we'll get Norway production to where it turns around and see some slight increases.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I don't think -- where we said the $1.5 billion in capital in 2011 for North Sea. So sanctions this year and then capital will ramp up in subsequent years.
Paul Cheng: Right. Clayton, any kind of number that you can share?
Jeffrey Sheets: On total capital?
Paul Cheng: On the Ecofisk.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. I think we want to wait until we get to actually deciding what we're going to do on those projects. And let us sanction the projects first, and then come up with a total project capital number for you.
Paul Cheng: Okay, and final question. There's some rumor on the industry newsletter that the Bohai Bay, the performance has not been up to their expectation and has been a little bit challenging. I'm wondering, any comment you can give?
Clayton Reasor: There had been one particular platform in Bohai Bay which has been a challenge, but that's been that way for several quarters now and that's reflected in the production numbers as you've seen from Bohai.
Paul Cheng: What was the Bohai current production?
Jeffrey Sheets: 60?
Clayton Reasor: I'd have to look at probably in our supplemental information. I would say it's around 50 or 60.
Paul Cheng: 50 to 60 net to you, right?
Clayton Reasor: So internationally, actually, out of China, it was 77 in the first quarter.
Paul Cheng: Right. But that's more than just Bohai or not?
Clayton Reasor: It's mostly -- well, yes, it's Bohai and Panyu as well. Bohai's, I don't know what off the top of my head, would Bohai is. We can probably get back...
Jeffrey Sheets: 90% of it.
Clayton Reasor: It's most of that number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Iain Reid from Jefferies.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: A couple of questions about Australia. You're still trying to sell the second train. I wonder if as part of this negotiation, you're also going to sell a similar amount of equity in the development after you sold to Sinopec. So could we see potentially being diluted down to below 40% in this development? That's the first question. Maybe I'll hold onto the second one.
Clayton Reasor: Okay. Yes, we're continuing to sell the second train. The buyers we're talking to who are likely buyers in the second train will probably want perhaps some equity position. Some of the buyers we're talking do not want equity, some want a small equity position. It would be unlikely that it would be an equity position of the size that Sinopec came into. So it would be unlikely we would dilute substantially from where we are today.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And second question is, your partner, Origin, seems reluctant to confirm your costs for the overall development. Do you have a kind of a harder total development costs going forward from here for the LNG trains in the upstream development?
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I think you're going to get the same answer from us that you're going to get from Origin, that we're working through that as part of our decision on getting towards the final investment decision in the mid part of this year. And that we'll be able to give you more information on that once we've gotten to that point.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. I'll just try a last quick one. Any update on the potential development of Poseidon, and some drilling program in the Browse Basin, which I think you're starting around now?
Clayton Reasor: No, there's not really an update there. We're still working through in getting the permitting process done there.
Jeffrey Sheets: I think as Larry talked about, we were planning, I think it's 4 appraisal wells around Poseidon and other discoveries in Browse. I think the permitting is taking longer than we had hoped, so I don't have a new time to give you right now on when we start the appraisal drilling around the discovery.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. But those wells are actually being -- are appraising Poseidon rather than exploration wells on other the separate prospect?
Jeffrey Sheets: That's correct. These are appraisal wells.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gilman from Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: I had to add couple of things. Just wanted to go back to that decline rate issue for a sec. Jeff, I thought you mentioned China both as the source of incremental production as well as the contributor to the decline. Can you clarify that for me?
Clayton Reasor: So we have a decline from existing production in Panyu and Xijiang -- or Panyu. And then the way we bucket these things is so we have different -- we have wells and platforms in Bohai which may be in decline and things -- and new things we're bringing on in Bohai as well. So yes, I did mention it in both buckets.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: So Bohai itself, all in, is in both buckets?
Clayton Reasor: Right. But you could see overall production levels from China from the details that we give you in the international E&P page in the supplemental.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Well, when you talk about -- this is just a point of clarification. When you talk about declines at something like Bohai, that's x price-related entitlement effects, I assume?
Clayton Reasor: We don't have large price-related entitlement effects.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: But you do with Bohai?
Clayton Reasor: We have some, but not -- but that is included in our decline numbers.
Jeffrey Sheets: So the PSC impact would be included in the numbers.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: So in an environment like this, it's being overstated, Clayton, right?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, I don't -- it's just the sort -- I guess, whether or not it's a decline as a result of the terms or a decline as a result of, I guess, the field life, we don't differentiate those 2 things in this graph, that's right.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. Jeff, regarding this trading-oriented inventory build, were there any LIFO inventory effects associated with it in your booked downstream earnings, other than the $50 million in trading gains?
Clayton Reasor: Not substantial in this quarter. We can have -- as we talked about in previous quarters, the exactly how physical inventory gets marked compared to how paper positions that are hedging trading positions around that inventory get marked, there can be some noise around that from quarter-to-quarter. This quarter, it was not -- there were not a significant number there related to inventory impacts.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Are those barrels in a separate pool?
Jeffrey Sheets: You mean outside of R&M?
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Well, there is sort of separate pool within R&M, Clayton, what you're doing in terms of trading activity?
Clayton Reasor: We can probably take that discussion off-line as far as the complexities around inventory accounting. Are you talking about like a different layer?
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Well, not necessarily different layer, Clayton. I'll take it off-line. Okay. Last one for me, I just want to try to clarify some of the unconventional liquids production numbers. Jeff or Clayton, I think a few moments ago, you've referenced a 20,000 a day current number. Is that just Eagle Ford or is that all of the 3 unconventional liquids-rich plays?
Jeffrey Sheets: That's just Eagle Ford.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: How many wells is producing currently?
Clayton Reasor: Out of Eagle Ford, I don't have that number.
Jeffrey Sheets: Probably north of 50.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: 50 net wells?
Jeffrey Sheets: At least.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. If we include the other plays, the Bakken, as well as the North Barnett, the current level of production would be roughly what?
Jeffrey Sheets: 50. I think we do about -- I think we do, I don't know, somewhere between 15 and 20 out of the Bakken and probably between 10 and 15 out of North Barnett.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. And remind me of the year-end objective?
Jeffrey Sheets: Where do we want to be around? 70, 65 to 70.
Clayton Reasor: Right. 65.
Jeffrey Sheets: You're talking about those three fields?
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Yes, those plays.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. That's what we're talking about.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Herrlin from Societe Generale.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Following up on Mark's shale question. What was sequential growth fourth quarter to first quarter for the shale plays volume-wise?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, most of the growth came out of Eagle Ford. I would say it's probably between 5,000 and 10,000 barrels a day.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Any change with Kenai in terms of the shutdown?
Jeffrey Sheets: In terms of shutdown in Kenai, I don't think -- I think there was additional cargo sold, but I don't think our -- I think the issue is availability of gas.
Clayton Reasor: We would -- obviously there'd be a market for that gas if we can produce it. But with the decline in the Cook Inlet, area, as Clayton says, it's mostly an issue with gas availability, and that compared to domestic demand in the Cook Inlet in the Anchorage area. So I don't really see any plans to prolong Kenai.
Jeffrey Sheets: I mean, if we do prolong it, it's just for a short period of time.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's fine. Last one for me. Regarding the trading that you're doing on the refining, how much of the capital commitment is it?
Clayton Reasor: So it is all capital that we can choose to deploy or not deploy in that business. So the inventory positions that we have are -- can be taken out. So it's not a long-term capital commitment in that business.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: I was just trying to figure out how much you're swinging, that's all.
Clayton Reasor: So the swing in the first quarter was $2 billion in the downstream part of our business. And that's a mix of inventories, payables, receivables, all those kinds of working capital impacts. That's a fairly large swing for a particular quarter. If you look historically, we've probably been more to the $1 billion and $1.5 billion swings in working capital in a quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Just two quick ones. One on Libya, I realize visibility there is pretty negligible. But do you have a sense of just the physical state of your assets in terms of damage, et cetera?
Clayton Reasor: No, we do not. We don't have a good -- we don't know production levels, physical state of the assets. Really, we don't have a good information coming out of Libya.
Jeffrey Sheets: Our employees were -- we got our employees out, what, mid -- was it mid-February? Yes. We really don't know.
Clayton Reasor: Before everything happened there.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And I completely understood. And then if I can get a quick update on your program in Poland.
Clayton Reasor: Not much more to say than what we've talked about as we are going through the presentation. We've drilled a couple of wells there, vertical wells. We're moving now to drill a horizontal well and we'll continue to just evaluate that program as we move forward. Not a lot more we can say about it at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hernan Ladeuix from CLSA
Hernan Ladeuix - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets: I have a question on the international refining side. We saw some realized margins went down quite sharply quarter-on-quarter when market indicators have not. What would be the main reason for that?
Jeffrey Sheets: So you're asking why international -- well, I'm not sure...
Clayton Reasor: So, maybe in which segment again?
Unknown Analyst - : International refining, basically, margins went down 50%.
Jeffrey Sheets: So our international refining if you think about it, it is fairly limited. It's the Humber refinery in the U.K., the Melaka refinery in Malaysia and then we have a joint venture refinery in Germany. Humber did well. But I'm not sure market indicators -- you're saying market indicators were higher in European?
Hernan Ladeuix - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets: Yes. It went up. Singapore went up. Europe, a little bit up. But your realized margins went down by 30% or more.
Jeffrey Sheets: I don't have a good answer on that.
Clayton Reasor: Yes, we'd have to get back to you on that one. I expect it has to do primarily with changes in co-product pricing which are not part of the market indicators.
Operator: That was our final question.
Jeffrey Sheets: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for listening. Appreciate your interest. These comments and transcript we posted on our website along with the presentation material. Thank you, again.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Mulva - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Jeffrey Sheets - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Clayton Reasor - 
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc. Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch Paul Cheng Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2010 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Regina, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's event, Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Relations. You may proceed, sir.
Clayton Reasor: Well, good morning, and welcome to ConocoPhillips Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We'll begin by thanking you for your interest in the company. I'm joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. In this morning, we'll provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year 2010, and as well as provide some outlook for 2011. As in the past, you can find presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website. Before we get started, I'd like you to take a look at the Safe Harbor statement on Slide 2. It's a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and Q&A. Actual results may differ materially from what's presented today. And factors that could cause actual results to differ are included in our filings with the SEC. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Sheets to take you through our prepared remarks and presentation.
Jeffrey Sheets: Thanks, Clayton. I'll start on Slide 3, which is a summary of our fourth quarter results and highlights. So during the fourth quarter, our earnings after adjusting for special items were $1.9 billion, which is $1.32 a share. That's up from $1.20 a share for the fourth quarter a year ago. Cash from operations for the fourth quarter were $6.2 billion, and annualized cash return on capital employed for the quarter was 19%.  Upstream production for the quarter was 1.73 million BOE per day, which is slightly up from last quarter and down from the fourth quarter a year ago. And yesterday, we reported our E&P organic reserve replacement number as 138% for 2010.  Our refineries ran well during the quarter, and we completed major turnarounds at five of our domestic refineries. We also progressed our disposition program during the fourth quarter with $1.2 billion in cash proceeds from asset dispositions and $1.9 billion of LUKOIL share sales. But for the year, we generated cash proceeds of $7 billion from asset dispositions and $8.3 billion of sale of LUKOIL shares. So we ended the year with $10.4 billion in cash and short-term investments. Turning to Slide 4. We'll review the company adjusted earnings comparing fourth quarter 2010 to fourth quarter 2009. So total company adjusted earnings were $1.9 billion, which is up $100 million fourth quarter over fourth quarter, with both E&P and R&M improved from over a year ago. Our E&P segment was up $146 million due to higher commodity prices, partially offset by lower production volumes. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year, our R&M segment generated $411 million more earnings this quarter primarily due to higher refining margins.  A significant difference between the fourth quarter of 2010 and 2009 is that in the fourth quarter of 2010, we no longer used equity accounting for our interest in LUKOIL due to our sale of shares of LUKOIL. So that reduced the fourth quarter earnings compared to last year by $457 million. So if you exclude the impact of LUKOIL and you look at the fourth quarter earnings the last year before LUKOIL earnings and compare that to this year's fourth quarter, we were up 43% fourth quarter over fourth quarter. Now we'll take a look at upstream production on the next slide, Slide 5. Fourth quarter production was 1.73 million barrels per day. That's down 5% or 99,000 BOE per day. This quarter production was higher than the third quarter production due primarily to the startup of the Qatargas 3 project. Production in QG3 came online earlier and higher than we have projected. So looking at the year-over-year change, you can see from the chart that 18,000 BOE per day reduction were due to market factors, which include increased royalties at FCCL, FCCL curtailments of our Western Canadian gas production and some PSC price impacts. As of the end of December, all of our Western Canadian gas production was back online.  So for 2010, we sold assets with a run rate production of around 50,000 barrels per day, with 25,000 barrels per day, that coming from Syncrude, which we sold around midyear, and about 25,000 BOE per day associated with assets in Lower 48 in Western Canada we sold primarily over the course of the fourth quarter. So the impact of these asset sales on fourth quarter production was 37,000 BOE per day. During the quarter, we also closed on the -- as I mentioned before, we closed on six -- on asset sales of $1.2 billion. That was made up of several different packages. We had six different packages in the Lower 48 and four different packages in Western Canada that made up those asset sales. The decrease in operations was driven largely by a normal fuel decline, which is offset by new production. And 2/3 of the decline came from North Sea, Lower 48 and Alaska. And partially offsetting this decline was about 120,000 BOE per day of new production, which primarily came from QG3, Bohai, the liquids-rich shale place in the Lower 48 and our continuing investments in the Canadian SAGD projects. Our next slide is a review of 2010 production compared to 2009. So turning to Slide 6. 2010 production averaged 1.75 million BOE per day, which compares to 1.85 million BOE per day for 2009. And the changes in production were similar to the ones that I talked about on the previous slide where we explained the quarter-over-over differences. As we talk about asset sales, the assets we sold had a run rate of about 50,000 BOE per day, and the 2010 impact from that was about 19,000 barrels per day given the timing of those dispositions. So if you exclude the impact of asset dispositions and market factors, 2010 production was close to 1.8 million BOE per day. And of the approximate 100,000 BOE per day drop in production, about a little over 50% of that was from North America gas production.  Now turning to Slide 7, we'll talk about E&P adjusted earnings, comparing fourth quarter 2010 to fourth quarter 2009. E&P adjusted earnings were $1.9 billion, which is up 9% from the same quarter a year ago. So unadjusted for special items, E&P earnings were $1.7 billion. For the special items in the quarter included a roughly $640 million impairment related to our interest in Naryanmarneftegaz joint venture in Russia, and that was offset by around $440 million in gains on asset sales.  Higher prices and market impacts contributed $452 million to the increase in earnings. These earnings improvement was offset by about $370 million decrease related to lower after-tax revenues from lower sales volumes primarily coming from normal fuel declines and our asset sales program. The $72 million increase to other is comprised primarily of lower DD&A and taxes, partially offset by higher costs and foreign currency impacts.  So if you look at the bottom of the slide you can see that U.S. adjusted earnings declined compared to the fourth quarter last year. This is largely driven by lower sales volumes, which were partially offset by higher liquids prices. Our overall realized prices for the key commodity prices were higher than in the fourth quarter of last year. So we move on to Slide 8 and talk about E&P unit metrics. Our fourth quarter E&P income and cash contribution BOE metrics were better than a year ago and better than the third quarter, reflecting the improvement in realized commodity prices. Over the last three years, we have reduced our exposure to natural gas in Canada and Lower 48. In 2008, Lower 48 and Canadian gas comprised 28% of our total E&P production. In 2010, this was down to 26%. Given our view that North America natural gas prices will remain subdued in the near term, we expect to continue to shift our exposure to North America liquids plays. So we'll turn to Slide 9 and talk about R&M adjusted earnings. Our Refining & Marketing adjusted earnings improved significantly over the same quarter last year. Our downstream marketing conditions were stronger as global crack spreads improved over 60%, primarily driving the $456 million improvement in margins. Volumes were a small benefit this quarter compared to the fourth quarter last year, mainly due to international refining and U.S. marketing volumes. Our U.S. refining capacity utilization rate of 83% was unchanged from last year, and our international refining capacity rate was 61% compared to 58% for the same period last year. But if you exclude the Wilhelmshaven refinery, our refining marketing ran at a 100% of capacity internationally and 85% globally. Now compared to the fourth quarter of last year, operating costs increased $72 million, primarily from higher turnaround and utilities costs. So about 45% of our turnarounds for the year occurred in the fourth quarter. And substantially all the turnaround activity was in domestic refining, with five of our U.S. refineries going through major turnarounds during the fourth quarter. Pretax turnaround expense of $207 million impacted R&M's adjusted earnings by $130 million. Inventory effects also reduced the U.S. Refining & Marketing earnings this quarter, and benefited international R&M earnings. International R&M earnings were also benefited by increased premium coke production at the Humber refinery. So we look at the results from our other segments on Slide 10. Adjusted corporate expenses were $305 million for the quarter, which compares to $311 million a year ago. During the fourth quarter, our 50% interest in CPChem generated $118 million in earnings, $64 million more than the fourth quarter of last year due primarily to higher ethylene and polyethylene margins. So for the year, CPChem earnings were nearly $500 million, which is the strongest results for CPChem since the formation of the Chevron Phillips joint venture. And CPChem generated a return on capital investment of 22%. We also received $370 million in cash distributions from CPChem in 2010. As I mentioned earlier, we discontinued the equity accounting for the LUKOIL segment so there are no earnings for LUKOIL in the fourth quarter. Also we will no longer be reporting reserves related to LUKOIL at year end, which impacted our 2010 reserves by 1.85 billion BOE. We ended up 2010 holding about 2% of LUKOIL, and we expect that we'll conclude the sale of that interest during the first quarter of 2011.  So we'll move on to Slide 11 and look at our cash flow during the fourth quarter. We generated $6.2 billion of cash from operations, which included a $2.1 billion benefit from reductions and working capital, primarily due to year-end inventory reductions. We also generated $3.1 billion in cash proceeds from dispositions, and that was comprised of $1.9 billion from the sale of LUKOIL shares and $1.2 billion from other asset dispositions.  We funded $3.6 billion in capital, which is higher than the capital program earlier, in the earlier quarters of 2010 due mostly to increased funding in the North American liquid-rich shale plays. We've repurchased 42 million shares of ConocoPhillips stock at a total cost of $2.6 billion and paid nearly $800 million in dividends. At the end of 2010, we had $10.4 billion in cash and short-term investments, and we expect to use the majority of this cash to repurchase ConocoPhillips shares. Moving to Slide 12, we'll look at our sources and uses of cash for the full year and 2010. If you look at the entire year 2010, we generated $17 billion in cash flow, had $7 billion in asset sales and raised $8.3 billion from our sale of LUKOIL shares, for a total of $33 billion of cash generation. $10.7 billion of the cash was used to fund the capital program, which was made up of $9.3 billion to E&P and $1.3 billion for R&M. That compares to $12 billion of capital in 2009.  We also reduced our debt by $5.1 billion, and we had shareholder distributions of around $7 billion for the year, roughly comprised of $3 billion of dividends and $4 billion of share purchase. Our average fully diluted shares outstanding for all of 2010 was 1.49 billion shares. The average for the fourth quarter was 1.47 billion. We repurchased 65 million shares over all of 2010, so our year-end share count was roughly 1.45 billion shares. So turning to Slide 13, we'll take a look at our capital structure. After our debt reductions -- after the $5 billion of debt reductions this year, our current debt balance is $23.6 billion. And our total debt to cap is 25%, which is in line with where we've stated our target is. So we have no plans for significantly reduce debt further at this point. Our debt's longer-term and it's low-cost. If you look at the pretax cost of debt, our average interest rate is around 5.6%.  So we move to Slide 14 and talk about some of our capital efficiency metrics. Both our ROCE and our cash returns improved in 2010 driven by earnings and cash flow growth. Capital employed was basically flat throughout the year. The percent of capital employed represented by R&M decreased from 26% to 24% in 2010. Upstream return on capital employed was 12%, while downstream was 5%, both were improved over 2009 metrics.  As we look forward to 2011, our ROCE metrics will benefit as we deploy some of our cash towards the repurchase of ConocoPhillips stock. Our efforts to reduce controllable costs on a normalized basis in 2010 were also successful and helped contribute to the improvement in return on capital employed. After normalizing for market factors and portfolio changes, controllable costs in 2010 were about $550 million or 4% lower than in 2009. And E&P and R&M roughly contributed equally to this improvement.  So this completes our review of fourth quarter 2010 results. I'm going to wrap up with some forward-looking comments before opening up the line for questions. I'll start with the R&M business. We expect 2011 turnaround activity to be similar to what we saw in 2010, so that's around $450 million pretax. Now we expect 2011 global refining capacity utilization to be around 90%, excluding the Wilhelmshaven refinery. Regarding the core project, the Wood River core project, the new units are scheduled for startup in the fourth quarter of 2011. And we continued to explore opportunities to reduce our R&M footprint so that the percentage of capital employed decreases to around 15% over time. Moving to E&P. We expect 2011 production to be around 1.7 million BOE per day, excluding the impact of any additional asset sales. We expect 2011 exploration expenses to be flat with 2010. In the Caspian, we completed drilling of the Rak More wildcat in Kazakhstan. Evaluation of this discovery is ongoing, and we are preparing to drill a second well later this year. The 20% owned Dalsnuten wildcat was completed and was determined to be a dry hole.  We continue to evaluate our shale opportunities in Poland. During 2010, we successfully completed two vertical wells with encouraging results. And we're planning and permitting for the first horizontal well, which we expect to be drilled and tested during 2011 along with two additional vertical wells scheduled for later in the year.  In the Lower 48, we expanded our position in several existing and emerging plays, shale plays, by about 110,000 acres. And during all of 2010, we acquired about 150,000 additional acres in North American shale. But we continue to operate at an elevated development activity in the liquids-rich plays of Eagle Ford, Bakken and North Barnett. At Eagle Ford, we're currently running 12 rigs in the play, and we expect increase that to 13 rigs in the near future. We also have three dedicated completion crews working in the play. In the Chukchi Sea, we have entered into an agreement to farm down 10% of our working interest, and that agreement is subject to regulatory approval. In Australia, APLNG is engaged with several potential LNG buyers in support of moving that project to a final investment decision. But we're not in a position to disclose any further information on that at this point.  Our QG3 project came online during the fourth quarter. We achieved the first production earlier than anticipated and at better than expected initial rates. And in Canada, we continued to see good returns and production and growth opportunities from our SAGD developments, the Foster Creek and Christina Lake as well as our Surmont development. And we'll provide additional information about these plants in our March Analyst Presentation.  And so that concludes our prepared remarks, and we'll now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng: I think that earlier in your prepared remarks, talking about the inventory impact benefit the U.S. and hurt the overseas, can you quantify for us that, how big is those number?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. So overall, for R&M, it was about $60 million benefit. The international was improved by $110 million to $120 million, and the domestic was hurt by around $50 million to $60 million.
Paul Cheng: Oh, that's a huge swing between the two. I presume those number, you're talking about after-tax, right?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, those are after-tax income -- impacts from inventory movements, right.
Paul Cheng: And for the impairment charge in your Russian joint venture, I don't think it's come as a total surprise. I just want to confirm that this is really just related to the reservoir issue that you guys have disclosed before, or there is some additional problem that you have found?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. You're correct, it's a reservoir-related problem. As we've continued to develop the field, we've just found the reserves are -- some of the upside that we expected there is not there in the development, and the production profile is not happening at the rate we had expected as well, so you're correct.
Paul Cheng: Has the field declined already or that is still holding at, say, around in the 150?
Jeffrey Sheets: We're starting to see a decline in the field currently.
Paul Cheng: On the 2011, any kind of rough estimate, what is the CapEx going to be?
Jeffrey Sheets: We haven't given out detail on our capital program for 2011 yet. We've said that it's going to be around $13 billion, and that's probably still a good number to work with.
Paul Cheng: And then for 2010, when you are talking about the return on capital employed, a 3% improvement from 2009, any rough estimate? Out of the 3%, how much is related external market environment?
Jeffrey Sheets: It's really hard to slice the numbers that way, but a good portion of it's related to the internal market environment, so probably 2/3 of it would be related to that. But...
Paul Cheng: And have you guys did a pro forma that if we don't have LUKOIL from the beginning of the year, what that number may look like? And assume that whatever you gain you're sort of buying back the stocks so reducing your capital, what that return may look like?
Jeffrey Sheets: We did some of that work earlier in the year, Paul, as far as showing the accretion that comes from selling LUKOIL shares and buying ConocoPhillips shares based on assumptions on what we were going to sell the LUKOIL shares for and what the gains were and what we were going to buy ConocoPhillips shares. But we'll have to -- we can provide that reconciliation later. That might be something we do at the Analyst Meeting as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: You talked about an overall disposal program now that has left you with $10 billion on your balance sheet. You'd said, I think it would be a $10 billion program. You did $7.1 billion last year. What is the likelihood that you'll exceed that program, the implied $2.9 billion for this year going forward was the first part of my question for you.
Jeffrey Sheets: So we'll continue to look at several assets for potential sale over the course of 2011 and really on into 2012 and 2013 as well. Whether or not we exceed the $10 billion number really depends on the values that we receive, that we see that we're getting for assets. So it's hard for us to predict at this time. I think we feel comfortable that we'll get to the at least the $10 billion number. And after that, it's really just a function of what we're seeing in terms of values.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And we should continue to think that you will dedicate the majority of cash given you've identified your CapEx for the year more or less, given that you paid down debt and don't want to do anymore that we could expect this to be an above guidance year for buyback?
Jeffrey Sheets: So what we said is that we would spend $10 billion in share repurchase over a couple of years. A lot of that funded by the sale of the shares in LUKOIL. I think as we see the year go on and we'll see how commodity prices develop, how asset sales develop, what kind of opportunities we might see for some additions to CapEx, we'll make judgments about how we might be adjusting the share repurchase program.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Right. And then if you could just talk a little bit, you did mention a list of organic developments that you've got going on. You then also guided, I think, more or less to flat volumes year-over-year excluding any per share impacts of buyback. Could you just talk about what you'd like to do longer term in terms of volume growth and how you think your organic base can generate to the extent at which it can generate growth in production?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. It's a good question, so maybe just I'll take a minute to talk about all the different things we have going on the organic growth area, and we can start with the Lower 48 where our focus is really on liquids-rich shale plays. We've talked a fair bit about the Eagle Ford, the Bakken, the Barnett. We have very aggressive development programs going on in the Eagle Ford in particular. The Eagle Ford, as we mentioned earlier, we're running 12 rigs now. That's probably going up to 13. We'll look to drill probably 140 to 150 wells in the Eagle Ford this year. In the Bakken, we'll probably drill 50 to 60 wells there on the things that we operate. The things that our partners are operating, we'll probably drill another 50 wells in which we have interest in. In the Barnett, what we operate, we'll probably drill somewhere between 30 and 40 wells. And our partners and the things they operate, we'll probably drill 20 to 30. So pretty aggressive program for development of the liquids-rich shale plays in Lower 48 during the year. We continue to progress on the SAGD projects. We would hope to sanction additional phases in our FCCL projects, on Christina Lake and Foster Creek this year. And we're continuing to progress our own Surmont project that we sanctioned in 2009. We'll see increased production from some of the FCCL phases that start up in 2011 and other -- and that's kind of a continuing increase as phases continue to come online there. We've got significant projects coming online in Asia, investments in Malaysia, which will start up in kind of the 2013 through 2015 time frame. We, of course, have the APLNG project, which we're progressing in Australia, which starts up in the 2014, 2015 time frame. And then we have, well, the QG3 project which we talked about which we'll see production increases in 2011 because we'll have a full year production from that asset. And then we will continue to reinvest in our legacy areas as well in Alaska, in the North Sea and in North America.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Terreson with ISI.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: In exploration and production, you guys are obviously doing pretty well with the reserve replacement, finding costs result that you produced yesterday for '10, and 2009 was pretty good, too. And you just went through some of the key projects. I mean, you guys have eight -- it looked like they're going to generate 80% reserve replacement by themselves in the coming years. And so on that part of the profile, are you still comfortable with -- just to kind of paraphrase what you just said or summarize it maybe with the productivity from that part of the profile? And a few minutes ago, Jeff, you think you also talked about the exploration plans this year, and it seems like things are progressing pretty well there. You mentioned a couple of particular areas. Didn't mention Bangladesh, Horn River and China, I don't think. And so can we just get an update on that area, too? So it's a two-part question.
Jeffrey Sheets: Okay. Maybe I'll just talk about exploration and kind of what's ahead in the near term there. If you think about on the wildcat side, as we mentioned earlier, we've got the second well in Kazakhstan that we'll be drilling probably in the second half of the year. We have wildcat to drill in Indonesia. We've got a wildcat in Norway, which is kind of an analogue to the Jasmine discovery that we had in the U.K. that we'll be drilling. And provided things start opening up in the Gulf of Mexico, we've got the potential to drill the Coronado prospect there as well. A lot of exploration effort will be going into appraisal as well this year. We're working on the plans for our appraisal program for the Poseidon discovery in Australia. That will probably be a 2011 and 2012 program. And again, in the Gulf of Mexico, we had discoveries that we would hope to begin to evaluate and appraise in 2011. A lot of exploration effort will be going in to try to further delineate the shale plays that we have: the Eagle Ford, the Barnett, the Bakken, the extensions of those. We'll also be looking to do pilots on kind of emerging shale plays. And you'll probably hear us talk more about those as the year progresses. And then of course, we're always on trying to build the portfolio and get access to new acreage opportunities, both domestically and internationally.
Clayton Reasor: Maybe it would be helpful, just as a follow-up, just talk -- characterize the reserve replacement announcement we made yesterday and maybe regionally, where those reserves are.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, that's a good point. So as Clayton mentioned, so we had 138% reserve replacement for the year. And it came very broadly across our entire portfolio. If you look at the makeup of that reserve replacement, and there'll be more details about this when we file our 10-K later in February. 60% to 65% of that reserve replacement came from North America. But of the reserve replacement, about 20% or so came from oil sands between FCCL and Surmont. So oil sands were significant, but it wasn't the majority of the reserve replacement this year. It really came from a broad spectrum of projects across our entire portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Societe Generale.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: With the Eagle Ford, will the tailgate gas percentage ran about 45%, is that what you're modeling?
Jeffrey Sheets: No, it's more like 2/3 liquids and 1/3 gas.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Because for the wells that you've presented in your handout, it's more like 45%. That's great. If you broke down your $13 billion in CapEx, could you divide it conventional and unconventional?
Jeffrey Sheets: I don't have that split that way. We'll be providing more detail about our CapEx program at our Analyst Meeting or before.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Jeff, Clayton, can you quantify the proven reserves sold in the fourth quarter that go alongside that $1.2 billion of proceeds?
Jeffrey Sheets: So for the year, we sold around 300 million barrels, and about 250 million of that came from the Syncrude sale. And the Lower 48 and Western Canadian sales are 50 million to 60 million barrels.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: In your reserve replacement announcement, you highlighted additions in Alaska as being an important area. Could you give me some sense as to where that specifically came from?
Jeffrey Sheets: It's came from our existing areas. It came from Prudhoe and Kuparuk and the Western North Slope, really a mix across those three areas.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Anything in particular trigger that?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, just normal reserve revisions. We did have some positive price impacts as well in the Alaska numbers.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Jeff, I think you said -- I was a little bit confused on exactly the number. You acquired over the course of 2010, 150,000 acres unconventional. You also mentioned 110,000 number, and I wasn't able to put those two numbers together. But can you give me an idea what the cost of that acreage was?
Jeffrey Sheets: No. We're not going to really be able to comment on the cost of the acreage, or we don't really want to comment on exactly where we acquired those acreage because you can imagine for competitive reasons we're still busy acquiring acreage in a lot of those plays.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Which was that accurate number for 2010, the 110,000...
J. Mulva: Yes. The 110,000 was Lower 48, and the 150,000 was all of North America.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: I saw recently something in the trades suggesting that your Bayu-Undan project either all or in part might be for sale. Is that accurate?
Jeffrey Sheets: No, that is not accurate.
Clayton Reasor: You're thinking about some other fields up in Australia, Mark?
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: No. I was talking specifically about Bayu play.
Clayton Reasor: I don't think so.
Jeffrey Sheets: No, that's...
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: The Shannon gas number or volumes in the fourth quarter, what was that?
Jeffrey Sheets: It was around 7,000 a day.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: I'm sorry, Jeff, I missed that. Try it again.
Jeffrey Sheets: Around 7,000 a day, Mark.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: BOEs?
Jeffrey Sheets: Oh, yes, 7,000 BOE per day, yes.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: And virtually all gas?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Canada entirely?
Clayton Reasor: A little bit -- a small amount...
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I don't know the split. I think it's pretty...
Clayton Reasor: 90% liquid would be up in Canada.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rakesh Avanti (sic) [Advani] with Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: It's Ed Westlake here. A lot of questions have been answered, but just off the all one on Venezuela, where are we in terms of those discussions in terms of getting the cash back that you're claiming?
Jeffrey Sheets: So we've been following an international arbitration process since our assets were expropriated. We had hearings on that in front of an international tribunal last year. We expect to hear -- have an initial ruling on that sometime later this year. We can't be precise. We don't know exactly when that's going to be. Once we get that ruling, there'll be a potential for an appeals process, which could drag the process out for another year or more. So we're continuing to proceed down our international arbitration process, and we expect to hear something later this year.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And then just on the downstream in terms of turnarounds with the sort of heavy Q4, are we going to be relatively light now in 2011?
Jeffrey Sheets: 2011, we'll actually have a similar level of turnarounds to 2010. So overall, we expect around $450 million of turnaround expense in 2011.
Clayton Reasor: But you would expect the first quarter to be less than the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey Sheets: Right.
Clayton Reasor: Fourth quarter was just an exceptionally heavy turnaround period.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And this might be for the March Analyst Meeting, but I mean are we going to get a feeling for what the -- are you doing sort of upgrades or was it just purely maintenance turnaround as you go through these in terms of improving profitability of the refining units?
Jeffrey Sheets: I think it's a mix of that. I think that's right, that's something that we could give you better color on at the Analyst Presentation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Weiss with Argus Research.
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: Jeff, could you do me a favor and repeat the production guidance figure. I missed that.
Jeffrey Sheets: What we've said is that we expect 2011 production to be around 1.7 million BOE per day. That's excluding any impact from any additional asset sales that we might do.
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: And then the working capital improvement that you had, is that something that is temporary or do you expect that to be a more permanent effect?
Jeffrey Sheets: I think we can have some fairly significant swings in our working capital from quarter-to-quarter. As prices change, as our inventory levels change. so I think over time, our working capital, pluses and minuses, will tend to balance themselves out. So if you look at the year -- look at the quarter, it was a positive working capital benefit. It was positive for the entire year. We've had some years where it's been negative. So that is something that will move back and forth. A lot of the impact that we had in the fourth quarter was from inventory reductions. And we had an offset for that in the first quarter of 2010, and we'll build inventories back some in the first quarter of 2011 as well. So that will swing from quarter-to-quarter.
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: I saw a story yesterday from KKR that they acquired some assets of yours in the Barnett. Could you provide any additional information around that?
Jeffrey Sheets: We can provide a little bit of detail. We're generally not going to be giving a lot of granularity on exactly what we sold, which packages of assets for. But the package -- but the assets we sold in the Barnett were in the South Barnett, which is the gassier part of the play. And we are retaining and developing our interest in the North Barnett, which is the more liquids-rich portion of the Barnett play.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Iain Reid with Jefferies.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Can I ask three questions? Firstly, in the third quarter, you talked, I think, about potentially looking at assets that might come through the Gulf of Mexico. I'm just wondering what the kind of scale of whatever you're kind of reserving in your minds for that or whether that's part of the $13 billion you talked about earlier in terms of your overall spend in 2011?
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, we would be interested in the Gulf of Mexico. Trying to pick up additional exploration acreage would be our primary focus. When we think about kind of the size of the opportunities, it's like in the $2 billion to $3 billion range and not something that would be much larger than that.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So is that in the $13 billion -- well, I'm presuming that's additional then to the $13 billion you're talking about some...
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, that'll be incremental, yes.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Second question is your operating costs fell by, I think, you said 4% during the year. Is that something where you have a program for pushing that through into future years, 2011 and '12?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, so our operating costs on a normalized basis fell from 2009 to 2010. I think as commodity prices increase and industry activity levels in different areas change, we'll continue to push to keep our costs flat and try to drive them down over time with a real target on keeping our costs flat or better on a normalized basis.
Clayton Reasor: I think you would be -- it's fair to say that we are starting to see some cost pressures in certain regions of the world.
Jeffrey Sheets: Right.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: On Qatargas, can you say where you sold the LNG and some idea of what realized prices were in the quarter?
Jeffrey Sheets: That, I don't have off the top of my head. We'd have to get back to you on that.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I think we had an announcement of the first cargo coming into North America. But we haven't really provided a lot on that, Iain. And I don't think we provide specific realized prices for the LNG that comes out of Qatar.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, right.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Well, it'd be nice if you did because you do that for Alaska, obviously.
Clayton Reasor: Right.
Iain Reid - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: But you do have a kind of diversion program to try and sell the gas if you can at higher prices in Asia?
Jeffrey Sheets: I think we have the ability to move the LNG to the best market.
Operator: Gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Faisal Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: With regard to the reserve growth from Qatargas, what caused the reserves to go up in Qatar? Was it the better performance or was it just -- was there a timing aspect of this?
Jeffrey Sheets: There's a -- yes, is results from our development drilling there. So there's a bit of timing in that, and we booked some of the reserves for the project upfront when it was sanctioned. But then as we develop other reserves to continue to feed the LNG facilities, we'll be booking reserves in the future. So it's not a case where we booked the entire reserve base for the LNG project all at once. So you'll continue to see reserve bookings from QG3 over time as we continue to develop that field.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: And does that extend the life of the field or is that all part of the program? Because it was...
Jeffrey Sheets: It's all part of the program, the investment program.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: And in terms when you guys decided to shut in production and when you guys decided to bring it back online, what's that price point where you guys decide to bring it back online? Is it anything above four or is there -- or just put a rule of thumb that we could use?
Jeffrey Sheets: It comes down to on a lease-by-lease analysis on what the breakeven for a particular lease would be, so we don't have a strict rule of thumb for that.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: And in the Eagle Ford, can you discuss where you guys are with production right now?
Jeffrey Sheets: We're around the eight or so thousand a day. And that will just continue to ramp up over time as we execute this drilling program we've talked about to where we would think over in three years time will be a 65,000 barrels a day, in that neighborhood.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: And then on the refining side of the equation, with the current wide differentials between Brent and WTI, how are you guys dealing with those sort of differentials in the Atlantic basin with your refining capacity?
Jeffrey Sheets: So even if you look at refining margins -- if you look at refining margins on a WTI basis for the East Coast, you'd get some really large numbers. But if you look at them on Brent, even if you look at them on Brent, the refining margins are still respectable in that part of the -- for those assets, so.
Clayton Reasor: It represents, what, 20%?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, it's about 20% of our refining base is tied to Brent crude.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Are you guys able to arbitrage that and kind of use -- get volumes from other parts of the U.S. as substitute for Brent or are you kind of stuck with that sort of purchases?
Jeffrey Sheets: I think we have some ability to move crudes around, but it's primarily a Brent-based supply to those refineries. If you think about Bayway and Trainer, there's really not a good domestic route to get crude. I guess you could move crude around from the Gulf Coast, but most of the crude that goes into those are West African and North Sea crudes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez [Howard Weil].
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: I had to prompt back onto the call so I apologize if this has already been asked, but with regard to the downstream, I'm sure we'll get some updates at the March Analyst Day, but I know the intention was to potentially divest some assets once the environment improved. I'm just curious if there's any thoughts to potentially maybe just spinning off the entire downstream similar to one of your smaller competitors has recently announced?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. So maybe just some comments on downstream. So if you talk about -- so if you're looking at our downstream business today, it makes up about 24% of our capital employed. And we've said that we're looking at several options to try to take that exposure down closer to 15% of our capital employed over time. So that could be asset sales. It could be doing joint ventures like we've done other places or other types of transactions. But another thing to point out, though, is that most of our capital investments or 90% plus of our capital investment is going into upstream. So we're going to see that just that fact is going to help bring our capital -- our percent of R&M down as a percent of our capital employed over time. So while we're not really -- we're not planning to grow the R&M business itself, but there are strong assets in that. And R&M is a positive cash contributor to the company, even when you have difficult markets like we've had in the last couple of years. So having that in our portfolio does provide cash flow to help fund shareholder distributions and help fund our reinvestments in upstream. So as we think about this question of whether or not you spin out the business, it's really a question of do we think that that's the best way to try to create value for our shareholders long term. We think that really the way you create value is by increasing the underlying earnings and cash flow generation of the business, and it's not clear to us that a spin-out would really do that.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And I'm sorry to belabor the point, but do you believe there's an operational synergy of keeping the downstream outside of just the pure financial dynamics of adding some additional cash flow?
Jeffrey Sheets: I think there are some cost synergies that happened that the downstream business benefits by being part of a larger corporation, both from a capital access point of view, handling the volatility in the business point view and just from a cost management perspective. That would probably be a disadvantage if they were operating as a separate business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng: In the Qatar LNG, I presume based on the way how the customer in this say, right now you're already running at peak production?
Clayton Reasor: Not quite. Well, I think we're close. But it's ramping up in production. I don't think we get to peak levels like at the end of the first quarter or midyear.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, it's just part of the normal start up of an LNG facility.
Paul Cheng: Okay. So that we should assume you're pretty close, maybe 80%, 90%, but it wont get to 100% until the middle of the year?
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. So for the year, it won't be at 100%, right.
Paul Cheng: And in Eagle Ford, since that you already have a number of wells, I think you have showed those data before, wondering if there's an update in terms of the per well recoverable rate, the per well cost and the IP rate, and after, let's say, 90 days, what the production maybe?
Jeffrey Sheets: I think we'll be giving you a more insight into that in our March Analyst Presentation.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer portion of the call. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Reasor for closing remarks.
Clayton Reasor: Great. Thank you. We certainly appreciate the interest in ConocoPhillips. And you can get a copy of the slides and the transcript on our website. We look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for your participation in our conference today. This does conclude our presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Mulva - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Clayton Reasor -
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc. Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jen, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President, Corporate and Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Clayton Reasor: Thank you. And thanks everybody, on the line for your interest in ConocoPhillips in our third quarter conference call. I'm joined today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO. And this morning we'll be discussing third quarter results and also provide an update on the status of our strategic initiatives. A summary of our key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided, as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010. And as in the past, you'll find our presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website. Before we get started, I'd like you to look at the Safe Harbor statement on Slide 2. It's a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and Q&A. Actual results may differ materially from what's presented today, and factors that could cause actual results to differ are included in our filings with the SEC. Moving to Slide 3, a summary of our key third quarter results and highlights. You can see that earnings for the third quarter, adjusted for special items, were $2.2 billion or $1.50 per share, up 56% from this quarter a year ago. Cash from operations was $4.3 billion. Cash returns on capital employed was 20%. Upstream production, excluding LUKOIL, was 1.72 million BOE per day. Our refineries ran at relatively high-capacity utilization. R&M's adjusted earnings topped $1 billion through the first nine months of the year. We completed $6.3 billion of dispositions, including $6 billion of LUKOIL share sales. Debt was reduced by $2.7 billion during the quarter, and we ended with an $8 billion cash balance. So turning to Slide 4. Total company adjusted earnings were $2.2 billion, up over $800 million compared to the third quarter of last year. Both E&P and R&M improved earnings year-over-year. Our E&P segment improved $559 million, primarily due to higher commodity prices, partially offset by lower volumes. Compared to the third quarter of last year, R&M adjusted earnings increased $174 million, mainly due to improved U.S. refining margins. The $149 million improvement in other reflects a reduction in corporate costs, as well as earnings improvements in our Midstream and Chemicals ventures. September 2010 year-to-date adjusted controllable costs were approximately $400 million lower compared with the same period in 2009. The improvement is evenly split between E&P and R&M segments. Total controllable costs, unadjusted for market factors and asset sales for the first nine months of 2010, were $9.6 billion compared to $9.4 billion during the same period in 2009. Moving to Slide 5, cash flow sources and uses. You can see that we generated $10.6 billion in cash during the quarter. $4.3 billion came from operations, and $6.3 billion in cash proceeds and dispositions, primary the LUKOIL stock sales. We repaid $2.7 billion of debt, funded $2.5 billion in capital, repurchased almost $900 million of ConocoPhillips common stock and paid over $800 million in dividends. At the end of the quarter, we had a cash balance of close to $8 billion, the majority of which we expect to use to repurchase ConocoPhillips shares. Now let's review our Upstream production on Slide 6. Third quarter production was 1.72 million BOE per day, down 4% or 74,000 BOE per day from the third quarter of last year. You can see from the chart that 14,000 per day of the reduction was due to market factors, including PSC impacts due to higher prices and royalty impacts at Foster Creek and Christina Lake. FCCL production continues to grow, however, higher royalty take caused a negative impact on reported production. Late in the quarter, we initiated production curtailments of approximately 180 Mcf equivalent or 30,000 BOE a day in response to continuing low gas prices in Western Canada and parts of the U.S. 27,000 barrels a day of production was lost due to asset sales of Syncrude and Lower 48 production. Maintenance activity was about the same as last year. The decrease in operations is mainly due to normal fuel decline, offset by new production. The majority of our decline came from North America, with almost 90,000 BOE per day and in the North sea, which had almost 40,000 BOE per day of lower production. Almost 75,000 barrels a day of new production from China, our SAGD operations in Canada, Australia and other locations partially offset this decline. Unplanned downtime was about the same as last year. And we'll talk more about the 2010 and 2011 production expectations later during the outlook portion of today's conference call. Turning to Slide 7. You can E&P's adjusted earnings for the quarter were $1.5 billion, up almost 60% from the same quarter a year ago. Higher prices and other market impacts contributed more than $600 million of the increase in earnings. The earnings improvement was partially offset by $207 million decrease from lower sales volumes, primarily coming from normal fuel decline. The positive $149 million in other is largely comprised of lower dry hole costs and DD&A, partially offset by increased impairments and lower contributions from equity companies in Russia and Canada. Year-to-date 2010, E&P adjusted controllable costs improved by about $200 million compared with the first nine months of 2009. And looking at the table at the bottom of the slide, you can see that both the U.S. and international adjusted earnings improved significantly compared to last year. Let's go to Slide 8, E&P unit metrics. You can see that our metrics were significantly better than a year ago, reflecting the improvement in realized oil and gas prices. Third quarter E&P income increased $3.78 per BOE or 66% compared to the third quarter of 2009. Compared to the second quarter of this year, income and cash per BOE were slightly better, in spite of realized oil prices being down about 2%, and this is due to LNG, bitumen and U.S. natural gas prices all sequentially improving. As our OECD-focused portfolio shifts more towards oil sands, LNG, lower freight [ph] liquids production, we expect to see additional improvements in our income and cash flow per BOE metrics over time. Turning to R&M on Slide 9. You can see that Refining and Marketing adjusted earnings improved 185% over the same quarter last year. Downstream market conditions were stronger as global crack spreads improved 15%, and helped increase earnings by about $100 million. However, this quarter's earnings were negatively impacted by about $75 million due to inventory impacts and how we valued inventory. And we expect to recover this loss in the fourth quarter. Year-over-year, we saw, a decrease in R&M earnings of $18 million from lower volumes, which were primarily driven by the sale of Conoco Flying J Truck Stops. Our U.S. refining capacity utilization was slightly lower compared to the same period last year, and our international refining capacity rate was 60% during the quarter compared to 81% for the same period last year. This decrease in international reflects the shutdown of the Wilhelmshaven refinery. Excluding the impact of Wilhelmshaven, R&M ran at 93% of capacity and clean product yield improved almost 83%. Compared to the third quarter of last year, operating costs increased $22 million due to higher utilities and turnaround costs, which were partially offset by foreign exchange and asset sale benefits. However, through the end of the third quarter, controllable costs adjusted for market factors and asset sales were down around $200 million compared to the first nine months of last year. Lower effective tax rates and foreign exchange benefits made up the majority included in the $114 million bar, labeled other. Sequentially, our Downstream business was negatively impacted by lower earnings of more than $50 million from our Premium Coke and Chemical Feedstock business, and $70 million from lower contributions from marketing. Now let's move to Slide 10, which shows year-over-year variances for other segments. Adjusted corporate expenses were $162 million for the quarter compared to $286 million a year ago. These results exclude a $114 million Mako premium for early debt retirement. The $124 million sequential decline in corporate is primarily due to lower interest expense and higher foreign exchange gains. Foreign exchange gains were driven by U.S. dollar weakening against the Canadian dollar and British pound. Results in our DCP Midstream segment were $15 million higher this quarter compared to a year ago, mostly due to higher NGL prices. Sequentially, NGL prices were down $1.45 a barrel, but it recovered as a percentage of crude oil. Our 50% stake of CPChem generated $132 million. This represents almost $30 million more than the third quarter of last year, and was due to higher ethylene and polyethylene prices and margins. These higher margins were partially offset by higher utility and turnaround costs. During the quarter, ConocoPhillips received a $220 million distribution from CPChem. The LUKOIL segment generated $436 million in adjusted earnings for the quarter, and it's based on LUKOIL's second quarter reported earnings. We will discontinue equity accounting of the LUKOIL segment at the end of the third quarter and no longer report LUKOIL reported proved reserves or production. Turning to Slide 11, which provides more detail on the impact of the LUKOIL share sales. You can see that the chart shows undiscounted cash increase generated by our investment in LUKOIL stock. The green bars represent proceeds coming from dividends and the sale of stock. The first two provide the amount of after-tax proceeds from the dividends and shares sold through the end of the third quarter. The third bar estimates the amount of after-tax proceeds we would generate if the sale of the remaining shares was done at the closing price on October 21, 2010. Together, these proceeds total about $10 billion. The original acquisition cost of $170 million or 20% of LUKOIL shares amounted to $7.5 billion, leaving a cash increase of about $2.5 billion. As mentioned, we'll discontinue the use of equity accounting for the LUKOIL segment after this quarter and report earlier realized gains on future share sales as we reduce our ownership interest, which was 4.6% and 39.2 million shares as of yesterday. Looking at the impact of this decision on earnings per share and cash flow basis, if we assume an estimated proceeds of a $9 billion from our sale of the entire interest in LUKOIL were use to repurchase ConocoPhillips stock at $60 a share and we assume no equity earnings for LUKOIL were recorded , we estimate the net reduction on adjusted EPS to be about $0.16 per share this quarter or about 10%. Looking back over the last three years, a reduction in adjusted EPS would also have been about 10% on average. On a cash flow basis, the decision to sell LUKOIL and buy ConocoPhillips stock is accretive. This is due to the difference in dividend yield, as dividends received from LUKOIL, which were the only source of cash flow from the segment, we're less than the ConocoPhillips dividend saved from those shares purchased. Looking more narrowly at cash from operations on a per-share basis, on the average over the last three years, cash flow per share would have been about 10% higher. Moving to Slide 12, our capital structure. These graphs provide the last several quarters and two years history of equity and debt levels. During the first nine months of 2010, we reduced debt by more than $5 billion, bringing our debt level below $24 billion. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of about $8 billion due largely to the sale of LUKOIL shares combined with the cash we had on hand at the end of the second quarter. And considering this cash position, our growth in equity net the cap rate would be around 18%. Majority of current cash position is expected to be used for the repurchase of ConocoPhillips stock. And while our debt-to-cap level is above our target of 20%, we don't plan to significantly reduce debt further over the next year or two. Let's move to Slide 13, which provides some history on distributions to shareholders. Since the formation of ConocoPhillips in 2002, we've grown dividends per share by 13.5% per year through the eight consecutive years of annual dividend increases. In addition to those dividend payments, we purchased $16.1 billion of stock during 2006 to 2008 time frame, and expect to purchase another $10 billion of ConocoPhillips stock in 2010 and 2011. These share repurchases have been divided by the fully diluted share count and are shown on the graph above on a per-share basis as the blue bars. Share repurchases have ramped up over the last couple of months. And through October 26, we've repurchased about 37 million shares at a cost of $2.2 billion. The average fully diluted share count during the third quarter was 1.493 billion. We believe this increase in shareholder distribution is an approach that differentiates us from most of our peers. We expect that the share repurchase will allow us to improve returns on capital while growing production on a per-share basis. Moving to Slide 14, which provides capital efficiency metrics. Our ROCE and cash returns have improved during the year, driven by earnings and cash flow growth while constraining capital employed expansion. Compared to this quarter last year, returns are higher. However, third quarter results were sequentially lower. And this decline was due to primarily to the third quarter adjusted earnings being about 10% lower than the second quarter, as well as some expansion in capital employed. We ended the third quarter with about $93.5 billion of capital employed, of which $24 billion is in R&M and $57 billion was in E&P. 2009 average capital employed was $87.5 billion. The $6 billion increase in third quarter capital employed came from currency translation effects and growth in retained earnings. The increase is partially offset by debt reduction and share repurchase. If we had repurchased about another $1.5 billion of additional shares, our ROCE for the quarter would have been closer to 11%. As execution of our capital allocation plans shift our spending toward E&P and our asset dispositions result in better margins per BOE, we expect to see our returns on capital employed expand further. That completes the review of the third quarter 2010 results. I'll wrap up with some forward-looking comments before asking Jim to make a few remarks and then open the line for questions. Consistent with the previous full year 2010 production guidance, we expect production to be flat with 2008 or about $1.8 million BOE per day, before dispositions and market factors. We anticipate fourth quarter E&P production to be close to that what it was in the third quarter. And during the fourth quarter, the production impact from asset dispositions will be between 40,000 and 50,000 barrels per day, natural gas production curtailment of 20,000 to 30,000 BOE per day, while price and PSC effects are expected to reduce production by 10,000 to 20,000 BOE per day. We expect 2011 production to be 2% lower than 2010 before considering the impact of 2011 E&P dispositions, so around 1.7 million BOE per day. We'll give you more information about our 2011 production targets, sources of production growth and regional plans early next year. In our R&M business, we expect fourth quarter turnaround activity to increase significantly, with pretax expenses to be around $200 million and total pretax expense for the year of around $450 million. Fourth quarter utilization rates should be almost 80%, and capacity utilization in the U.S. would be around 85%. And the international utilization rate is expected to be in the low 60% range, which includes the impact of Wilhelmshaven. Regarding controllable costs, we are on track to deliver our cost reduction targets of about $350 million from E&P and $200 million from refining and marketing. For full year 2010, we expect unadjusted corporate expense to be approximately $1.3 billion. Our capital program for 2010 is expected to be between $10 billion and $11 billion, down from earlier guidance and from 2009 levels. This is due to permitting delays and slow pace of development, primarily in Asia-Pacific, North Sea and North America. 2011 capital program is expected to increase to around $13 billion, with the ramp-up of Lower 48 shale activity and the APLNG project being key drivers of the increase over 2010 spending levels. We'll provide you with more information on our 2011 capital program in December and give you more detail at our March 23 Analyst Meeting in New York. Moving to exploration. We expect 2010 exploration expense of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. We completed Wildcat in the North Sea, which was determined to be a dry hole. Our 30% interest in the well resulted in a $6 million after-tax charge. In the Caspian, the Rak More well spud in the third quarter, and we may be able to provide some well results on our January earnings conference call. In the Arafura Sea, we expect to spud our first well in the fourth quarter and the second well in 2011. We have 51% interest in those wells. Additionally, the 20% owned Dalsnuten Wildcat that spud in the third quarter, we expect it to TD late in 2010. And we will begin the next appraisal phase on Poseidon Offshore Browse basin in Australia during the first half of 2011. Several development options are being discussed, and the final determination regarding development is dependent upon the upcoming appraisal wells. We continue to increase the pace of drilling activity in the liquid-rich shale plays at the Eagle Ford, Bakken, North Barnett and Cardium. At Eagle Ford, we had eight rigs drilling at the end of the quarter, nine are drilling currently, and 11 are expected by the end of October. Additionally, we have secured two dedicated frac cruise for 2010, and expect to increase that number to three early next year. We've drilled a total of 33 wells in the Eagle Ford shale, completed 20, and are seeing production of roughly 8,000 BOE per day from the 14 wells that we brought online to date. In the liquids-rich Cardium area at Western Canada, we'll be drilling nine operated wells and participating in six non-operated wells during the fourth quarter. These wells are almost all oil-producing with some associated gas. Also in Canada, we continue to see good return and production growth opportunities in our SAGD areas: Foster Creek, Christina Lake and Surmont. We expect production of around 60,000 BOE per day this year from these projects, with a compound annual growth rate over the next five years estimated between 10% and 15%. In Australia, APLNG is engaged with several potential LNG buyers in support of moving to FID, but we're not in a position to discuss information regarding specific market discussion at this time. However, we plan to have an announcement regarding the sale of two trains of LNG before year end. Our plans to sell $10 billion in assets by the end of 2011 are on track. And so far this year, we've closed transactions with proceeds of $5.6 billion and expect proceeds of roughly $7 billion by year end. We may sell more than $10 billion in assets during 2010 and 2011. The assets being sold in 2010 have a production of approximately 55,000 BOE per day. Most of the Lower 48 and Western Canadian E&P assets will be closed in the fourth quarter and will generate about $1.5 billion in proceeds. We expect the 2010 full year average production impact of asset dispositions to be roughly 20,000 BOE per day, with a reduction of reserves of about 310 million BOE. Assets which may be sold as part of the 2011 program include our Wilhelmshaven refinery, additional Lower 48 and Western Canada E&P assets and other international assets in both Upstream and Downstream businesses. The REX pipeline is outside the 2011 scope. As we did this year, we intend to provide you with production, reserve and earnings impacts resulting from our asset sales program during the first quarter of 2011. Our guidance of spending $10 billion on share repurchase over 10,000 on '10 and 10,000 in '11 remains unchanged. Our current Board of Directors authorization is for $5 billion. So that concludes my prepared remarks. I'd like to turn it over now to Jim Mulva for his comments before we open the call for questions. Jim?
J. Mulva: Okay, Clayton, thank you. I think you covered most of the points, so just maybe confirm a few points. First, from an operating point of view, we've operated quite well all of this year and through the third quarter. We're doing really quite well on not only the operations but the cost constraint. We're maintaining our facilities certainly, but we're doing well in cost constraint, and as a result of good commitment by our employees and the help of our contractors. In terms of the portfolio restructuring, we're right on track, no change in strategy, quite covered the asset dispositions. I think there to see opportunity as we go through 2011. And we'll update you what time. We could be doing more than somewhat more than $10 billion of asset sales. We're on track on the restructuring where we want to move E&P up towards more as a portion of our portfolio and refining and marketing from 25% with time closer to 15%. Capital guidance, we're probably going to spend closer to $10 billion this year, with expectations of capital spending closer to or above $13 billion this next year. Clayton indicated LUKOIL dispositions, we still have about 4.6% ownership. At LUKOIL share prices we are currently experiencing, we continue to sell our shares. So I think if these market levels continue, you'll see us dispose of all of our interest in LUKOIL far more quickly than when the guidance of which would be the end of 2011. We continue to buy ConocoPhillips shares in the marketplace. And as the slide indicates, guidance shows that we would spend may be closer to about $4 billion in 2010 for purchase of ConocoPhillips shares, with about $6 billion this next year. The board has approved $5 billion program, but we've indicated the proceeds from the LUKOIL disposition would go essentially towards share repurchase. In terms of debt reduction, our debt is in the neighborhood of $23.5 billion. We don't have any required maturities left this year. The debt is quite efficient. In this next year, we have some required maturities which might be in the neighborhood of about $0.5 billion to $1 billion. We'll certainly retire those. But we have no real compelling economic reason to accelerate and buy more of our debt. So we're quite satisfied with the debt. It will come down over the next several years with required maturities, but still, longer term, I think we question going much below $20 billion in debt because we have a strong balance sheet across is quite acceptable. In terms of the utilization of our free cash flow, as I just said, we don't feel any compelling reason to bring the debt down more quickly than where it is right now other than required maturities. We feel we have the cash flow to support the capital program that we've outlined. We like the discipline of increasing our dividends. Of course, it's subject to board approval. But in the past several years, we've been raising our dividends early in each of the years. And then that we'll probably operate with a cash balance of about $2 billion for opportunities and liquidity purposes. So to the extent that we sell more assets and that we have good cash flow, after we fund capital program and dividends, it would be available for additional share repurchase. So I think Clayton that covers what I'd like to do. I think we should open it up for questions now.
Clayton Reasor: Jen, if you'd like to line up some questions for us, we'd be happy to take them.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Jim, one of the things that you've talked about, I guess, more recently than anything else is the issue of remaining as a fully integrated company. I wonder in light of what's going on in refining right now and the refocus of capital towards the Upstream, if you could just bring us up-to-date as to your latest thoughts on the potential of maybe being a little bit more aggressive and perhaps separating the company sometime down the line?
J. Mulva: Okay. So the question is on the refining side of the business and the aggressiveness to reduce our exposure restructuring wise. Well, I just would say that it's certainly, it's a confidential area when we're working and talking with others with respect to either shut down our facility or doing venture in a facility, selling a facility or taking, looking at a region by which we take our refineries in the region and how we can partner them up with someone else or who should have an economic interest. We did indicate about a year ago that we felt that the environment for transactions and restructuring would be more amenable to be in the 2012 time period. But I think you make a good point that we're starting to see that there is maybe a little more interest and opportunities for restructuring more quickly than waiting until 2012 and 2013. So we are working pretty hard. We want to make sure that whatever we do, we're doing it in a way that's not really destroying value for the shareholder. But you make a good point, and we're pretty aggressive and we're really focused on how we can accelerate this a little more quickly than what the guidance we've given in the past.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: My follow-up is completely unrelated. It's really the progress in Poland. This is obviously an area that the industry is watching very closely. And I'm just wondering if there was any additional color that you can give on the results you've had there to date and what your future plans might be?
J. Mulva: Well, we are the first ones drilling several wells, and we're doing a lot of tech -- we're using a lot of technology and evaluation of the wells. And we kept this rather confidential. And I think it's going to take us a little bit longer before we determine just what the results are from those wells. But I think that's something you're going to hear from us over the next several months or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gammel with Macquarie.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: Jim, I was hoping that you could make some comments on the management changes that were announced over the course of the quarter, how you feel about this new team that you now have in place, and what that potentially means for your remaining tenure as CEO?
J. Mulva: Well, first of all, with respect to the management changes, the overriding objective is to put in place a real robust succession process that really looks out on any ambiguity both internal and external of the company. Here is the new team that will emerge, provide the leadership in the company over the next five- and 10-year period of time. The changes for executives that are retiring has nothing to do with health or performance issues. The objective is very clear and very simple: to put in place the future management team. And out of that group of individuals will come my replacement and this will be down over the next couple of years, and then that table continue on. I'm 64 1/2 years old, so we don't have a mandatory retirement age. But you can expect from this group will come my replacement just over the next several years. We want to make sure that putting this group together that have a lot of operating expertise. We wanted also to bring, develop our own senior management within the company, but we wanted to augment it with others from the outside with experience both Upstream and Downstream. That can give us also fresh set of eyes to help us with respect to as we restructure and execute, implement the portfolio changes, become a more Upstream and less Downstream. So without any ambiguity, that's essentially what we're doing. It's in place. It's been worked actually with our Board of Directors over this last one or two year time period. We're quite pleased with the team we've put in place. And I think you'll see -- you'll get the opportunity to see all of them in presentations together in March. But we'll make sure that the financial community get to see them in presentations individually as we go through the year.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: And maybe one more if I could, Jim. A couple of the coalbed methane to LNG projects in Queensland were granted environmental approval by the Australian Federal Government just over the last week or two. I was wondering if you could give us an idea on when you plan to submit your own EIS and what that means for the overall track to final investment decision?
J. Mulva: Actually, last year 18 months, we've really caught up with everyone else. We've made our submissions and all, and we would expect similar approvals here within the next month. So we essentially are working at FID in about the same time, point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: Just on APLNG. Obviously, there is this ground water contamination investigation origin. They've said it's a bit of a storm in a teacup. But in terms of is that impacting your discussions with potential buyers in terms of potentially having delay? And then just on the APLNG CapEx, how much of the $13 billion next year, how much is APLNG included in that total?
J. Mulva: Clayton can answer the second one. With respect to the information on some of the wells, it's really not having an impact with respect to discussions with potential buyers of LNG from this project. Certainly, most concerned to ourselves, we address this. We think we're going to be able to handle this, but it's not having an adverse impact with respect to potential buyers. In terms of our capital spend, I guess, Clayton, you could...
Clayton Reasor: Yes. It's between $1 billion and $1.5 billion of additional capital in APLNG over what we spent this year.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And then on the outlook for European refining sales, I mean, obviously, the Humber refinery complex has got a lot of scale. If you were to sell it presumably, you should be looking for a reasonably good price, not a fire sale on that?
J. Mulva: Well, we're not looking to do a fire sale on anything. Humber is really a complex great refinery, so it's one that we really look at. It really fits our portfolio for the long term. But then on the other hand, you never know, it's possible that for the right price and/or the opportunity for joint venture, these are things that we have to consider when we look at restructuring our portfolio from 25% or 26% down towards 15%. Wilhelmshaven, we'll really not going to continue it as a refinery. We will look at selling it if someone wants to take it or converting it into a terminal. Our equity interest in other refineries, these are good equity interest, but they are relatively small, and so you have to ask yourself, "Do we have the opportunity to monetize them." So the real legacy asset here that we have with respect to refining is this Humber refinery.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Kessler with Simmons & Company.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: I was wondering if you could quantify the incremental CapEx headed to the Eagle Ford in 2011 versus 2010?
Clayton Reasor: So I think the 2010 Eagle Ford spend is somewhere around $300 million, and 2011 Eagle Ford spend -- of course, these capital programs haven't been approved yet, but it's between $1 billion and $1.5 billion a year.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: And is that all organic so to speak or is there any incremental acreage acquisition embedded in that?
Clayton Reasor: That's all drilling and completion, and there's so additional acreage in that number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Going back to the cash, use of cash sums, if I look at on numbers, we're about $18 billion of cash flow from operations next year. You said there's a higher $13 billion CapEx, giving me $5 billion to spare. I've then got around $4 billion of disposals, giving me $9 billion. And you've got $8 billion in cash, approximately equating to $17 billion spare. But your guidance is only for $6 billion of buyback next year. This is what you're saying in terms of planning opportunities related to the potential for bigger acquisitions. I think that you've guided towards $2 billion potentially to be spent in the Gulf of Mexico. Is there a risk here that we get back on the acquisition path to regenerate the organic opportunities there or are you really lowballing this buyback number?
J. Mulva: Well, Paul, you make a good point. The numbers are consensus views of cash availability for the company going forward. And so I think you make the following, if we spent $13 billion for capital, there's no more required for debt reduction, maybe required repayments of $1 billion next year. But like we've indicated, we'd like to increase the dividends 5% to 10% a year. We're not looking at acquisitions other than the opportunities we might have in the Gulf of Mexico, in Lower 48, where which we can farm in or get a handle on an asset. We potentially could spend $2 billion or $3 billion doing that. So what's left then as we have a lot of cash that's available not for making a large acquisition, that's available for additional share repurchase above the $10 billion number. It's not that we're trying to signal in any way that it's available to make a significant acquisition. No, we're not changing our strategy, it's more available for distributions to the shareholders.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And on the kind of financial theory level, the stock x the LUKOIL earnings is looking obviously more expensive than it did when the planned strategy was outlined, where you were, I think, under $50 a share. Can you just talk about how you view the investment at these relatively elevated multiples as opposed to the other opportunities you would have in terms of other reinvestment opportunities and why you feel that buyback is the most appropriate way forward?
J. Mulva: Well, we look at the valuation of our shares and certainly, we have improved the share price over this past year. And with the announcement of the strategy of what we've been doing with the company this past year, we'll continue going forward in 2011 and subsequent time periods. Management is never happy with the share price being what it is today. But if we look at what we're trying to do is it really increases and normalized earnings and cash flow per share given our asset base and our opportunities. We feel that we can, over the next number of years, be spending $13 billion, $14 billion a year, and we can convert our resources and replace our reserves, and then ultimately in the 2014, 2015 time period, drew our absolute level of production. We can do that on $13 billion, $14 billion, $15 billion a year of capital and still raise our dividends, 5% to 10%. And so if you believe there will be a somewhat better oil price, which I think we believe with time there will be and are somewhat better natural gas price, not $3.50 per MCF, but maybe closer to $5 an MCF, then we think even at the levels of $60-plus distributions to our shareholders in the form of additional share repurchase gives us the best opportunity to be raising the share price on a normalized basis going forward with whatever assumptions you have for commodity prices. We do that by having fewer shares outstanding, more capital discipline and ultimately replacing our reserves and growing our production in absolute terms, but even more so on a per-metric, per-unit share. And so we feel that we continue to look at it, but we think there's an opportunity for quite a bit more share repurchase.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And I'm sure you'd be considering a special dividend within the various tools that you've got available to you, Jim?
J. Mulva: Well, that's an alternative and an opportunity, but that's something for the company and for the board to determine. I think our priority would be primarily raising the normal dividend and share repurchase before special dividend.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Gilman with Benchmark company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Can you provide us with some individual well metrics on your Eagle Ford effort up to this point? And any trends in terms of well costs, reserves per well and IP rates?
Clayton Reasor: I can't do that right now, Mark, but we can get that information. I mean, I think what we've said is these wells are generally around 1,500 BOE per day. Well costs are running in the $8 million to $9 million per well range. I don't know if we've given a ultimate reserve number on the field or by well, but we're really encouraged by what we've seen so far. I think there is some information that's out there publicly that I could share with you on our well results. We think we're in the just the right spot at Eagle Ford, and we're really encouraged by the results. But I can get more detail to you following this call.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Is that 1,500 a 30-day, 24 hour?
Clayton Reasor: That's a 30-day average rate.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Jim, I'm hoping you might be able to clarify your decision a little bit regarding the REX pipeline and the decision not to offer it for sale currently. Does this reflects an expectation that you might get better value down the road or a change in sentiment? If it's the expectation of a better value down the road, help me understand the basis of the belief?
J. Mulva: It's not a change in sentiment. It's not -- we didn't feel that the bids that we got were meeting our expectations of what we could get at a later date. And so we're not changing the direction, we're just saying we feel that we can come back at a later point in time and get at a price. So what we're really saying is we're not going to dispose of assets in a fire sale. We think this asset is worth more than which we got. So we're going to go back out, whether it could be late 2011, 2012. When we think the market is better prepared for this or more interest in it, that's when we will do it.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: The trend in Bohai reduction has, I guess, surprised me a little bit that we're not seeing a bit of a larger ramp-up. Clayton, Jim, can you talk about that a little bit and when you would expect to see the plateau level reach from Phase 2?
J. Mulva: Well, it's taking us longer. The well performance is more difficult, more challenging. It's not that it's unexpected, but it's taken us longer than we expected. I was just over in China, Beijing, about two weeks ago, and I think Clayton can confirm this, but I think we're getting up to 150,000 growth, 150,000 barrels a day, maybe a little bit more than 150,000 barrels a day. and As I recall, I think ultimately, we were trying to get up to 160,000, 170,000 barrels a day gross. Clayton, you can update those numbers.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I see what you're saying, Mark. Our net production out of Bohai is running at 55,000 a day right now. I think there are, as Jim said, the development of the productions has been slower than we expected. But overall production growth in Bohai has continued with the earlier guidance that we have given.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Terreson with ISI.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Jim, you guys have seven to eight major E&P projects, which appear likely to lead to almost full reserve replacement through 2014 by themselves and you have pretty attractive economics too. And at the same time, the company has a new exploration program that's gearing up also. And so my question in regards to the conversion process on these reserves, meaning, what is your level of confidence that the team can execute such a large plan of commercial conversion for these reserves over that period of time? And on the exploration front, where are you most optimistic when you think about how the profile might be supported over the longer term?
J. Mulva: Conversion of reserves, we really feel what we're doing in the oil sands in Canada, Surmont, Foster Creek, Christina Lake, we feel very good about that. And I'll ask Clayton, I'd like to share with you what our breakevens when I get done answering your question. But conversion of the oil sands is a pretty significant part of our conversion and reserve replacement over the next five years. We feel really good about that. And then the oil, we've really -- our portfolio, I don't think it's well understood in the marketplace. Our portfolio, what we have in Eagle Ford and the Bakken and the oil play of Barnett and other areas that we have, we're really getting more and more encouraged all the time that's why we're increasing our spend by about $1 billion or more in 2011. So we feel really good about that. Obviously, we got to deliver what we say we're got to do at APLNG, but we really feel that project is coming together, and that's pretty important, LNG projects in the future. And then we're having discovery success in Alaska, like Poseidon, but it's a little bit longer term. So LNG projects, what we are doing in the Lower 48, oil sands, and then we are going to go forward with the redevelopment of Ekofisk field and Eldfisk, we pretty certain about adding reserves there. So those are some of the big areas. Now on the exploration front, we've got Rock More, Moray well. And we've got more opportunities, more features to drill in the Caspian. We're looking for more acreage in Turkmenistan. We're looking for more acreage essentially in other place in the world. But we also think we're uniquely positioned as a company, exploration-wise and maybe at BD wise for larger companies and smaller companies in the deep water Gulf of Mexico. We don't know what the rules and regulations are going to be. We don't know for sure what the risk/reward is going to be. But that's why we said in prior responses to questions that we've reserved a couple of billion dollars that we feel that we could go into some discovered resources and participate as an opportunity for all of these reasons. We really believe pretty strongly, and we'll update everyone in the March Analyst Meeting of the conversion process, the reserve replacement and doing that competitively finding and development costs. We feel pretty good about this over the next five years, and we'll share that with everyone. Now Clayton, maybe would you in our March Meeting, but would you go through just, I think, the breakevens on what we have for Foster Creek, Christina Lake as well as Surmont, it gives you a better feel. We've got the resources here, but why we're committing the money and why we feel we can grow production 15% compounded over the next number of years for a long period of time.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I think most people believe that oil sands require significantly higher prices to generate 13% returns. Our cash breakeven at Foster Creek and Christina Lake for the third quarter were $15.08. And on a net income basis, it's $25.70. And that's representative of about where it's been running on average for the entire 2010. At Surmont, Surmont is not quite as good as FCCL, but the cash breakeven at Surmont is $21 a BOE. And on a net income basis, it's $27.65. So very competitive projects. They will continue to attract capital.
J. Mulva: Yes. And the other thing I didn't mention, Doug, is not only can we replace our reserves and grow our production, not just on a per-share basis, but absolute level as we get into 2014 and 2015 from these type of projects. But they do have very good returns, so they really deserve. And that's built in to our capital spending plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: I wanted to go back to the REX pipeline. I just wanted to confirm, are there additional expansion or operational opportunities over the next couple of years that are going to enhance the attractiveness of that asset or you're just simply needing the macroenvironment to improve?
J. Mulva: I think it's just the macroenvironment to improve. I don't think we're looking at expansions through that. I think there is a question, a concern that has an impact to potential buyers of the REX pipeline, how quick and fast? Is Marcellus going to develop? Does that back up the purpose of the REX pipeline? And it's not over the next 10 years. That's pretty well signed up for the throughput and the users of the pipeline and questions beyond 10 to 20 years out. So I think that's really the impact. It's just not because there's going to be changes in the pipeline. It's how does it fit longer term and that has an impact in a rather skeptical business environment to buy assets like this. But we think that will improve.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: And the only other one for you. The 180 million cubic feet that was curtailed late in the third quarter, would you mind providing any specifics on regions on basins that that's coming from?
Clayton Reasor: I can give you a little bit. I think 150 MCF a day is Western Canada, and then there's six a day -- or about 35 MCF a day out of San Juan in the Bossier.
J. Mulva: We'd actually do more curtailment if we could, and the reason is, is that we have partners and we have maybe smaller companies or independents or whatever, leaseholders who go along with curtailment. I mean, we would do more if we could because we just think it has more value in the future. Now you can look at our production guidance, where the fourth quarter guidance would ultimately come in 2011. I mean, we could make our production 1.75, 1.78 by spending more money and not curtailing production, but we look at it and we see say, "It doesn't make a lot of sense to spend money for dry gas in a lot of places in the North America. And we should really be curtailing production. But if you want production to be 1.75 or 1.78, we could do it, but we don't think that's a wise spend of our money. That's why we've come up with the numbers we do for guidance for production.
Operator: The next question is from Khan Faisel with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: But just following up on the last question in terms of the volumes that are shut in. I guess, how long do you guys plan to keep the volume shut in? Or I guess, the more important question is what was the break-even price that you kind of bring back at that production?
J. Mulva: In many respects, we can get to breakevens where even at price levels you're seeing today, you can maybe argue that you would produce this. But on the other hand, we're not willing to just put volumes to push volumes and essentially just breakeven. We think that market will sort out not in a short term, but ultimately will sort itself out and become less dysfunctional. And we'll see the economy improve somewhat. And we'll see more demand, and there won't be as much drilling for economic reasons, opportunities to take the cash from previously hedged positions with the other independents or whatever. The market becomes less dysfunctional. So we really are looking at it. We say, as you go forward and look, we think that really price levels we see today are really unsustainable. So we got to start seeing price levels moving toward $4 and $5 that we think, with time, will come. So that's really what's factored into our decision.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. Faisal, the Western Canada gas breakeven on a net income basis are between $5.50 and $5.75 an M. And in Lower 48, that number is around $3.75.
J. Mulva: And then you might go through what the cash...
Clayton Reasor: On a cash basis, looking at this year, it's been between $1.65 and $2 an M for Western Canada, and around $2 for Lower 48, San Juan and Mid-Continent BUs as well.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: And then if you could give us a little more color on the sequential change, of the change in U.S. refining income? It looked like you went from $782 million in the second quarter to $199 million. And it looks like the capture rate is kind of went down over the quarter, too. Can you talk a little bit what's going on there?
Clayton Reasor: Yes. Sequential change in R&M of about $500 million. We identified the inventory impact, so that's just how we value the underlying physical against the paper position. We expect to get that $75 million back. But we did have lower marketing margins of around $70 million. And then our Coke business and our Chemical Feedstock business combined had a negative impact of about $50 million. And then the balance really is realized in our crack spreads.
J. Mulva: And just another thing, too, Clayton, and that is we embark upon a very major turnaround activity late in the third quarter just going through the fourth quarter, and this certainly impacts our performance. We gave out the guidance in terms of turnaround costs. But we complete these turnarounds. We're really setting ourselves up. We feel quite well for the long run as we go into award [ph] or turnaround requirements in the subsequent years of 2011. So we're going through some pretty extensive turnarounds right now. That has an impact on performance and financial results.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: The international realized margins of 1027 to 441, that's substantially lower than what the indicated margins did. Any color on that?
J. Mulva: International, are you talking about international R&M?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Yes, R&M, yes. So realized margins went from 1027 to 441.
J. Mulva: I'm going to have to come back to you on that one.
Operator: The next question comes from Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates: First, just on the upcoming exploration, can you give us any pre-drill reserve estimates for the Wildcats in Kazakhstan and Norway.
Clayton Reasor: We generally don't, Pavel. We just have historically not given any kind of orders of magnitude on the size of the structures that we're looking at. They're significant, obviously, especially on the Caspian. But we don't typically make those kinds of comments.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates: Can you say if these are more oily or more gas related?
Clayton Reasor: I wish we knew.
J. Mulva: Obviously, everyone is looking for oil, but I think it's just not appropriate or we're not really willing to get into that.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates: And then the second one just on -- a little more conceptually, a lot of your peer companies have been getting into biofuels, particularly next-generation biofuels through JVs, partnerships, et cetera. You guys have generally stayed away from that. Are you looking for the right opportunity or are you generally inclined to just stay away from that trend for now?
J. Mulva: Well, two things. First, we believe from a political process, let's not create winners and losers and get any into things that are heavily subsidized or the only way they work is you need to have continuation of governmental incentives. But we have quite an opportunity, so it's prior question [ph]. We have so much to do in our traditional Oil and Gas business or the E&P. We're going to allocate all of our money essentially towards that. And about $1 billion, $1.5 billion in the Downstream, primarily for maintenance capital and some payout opportunities. But then you'll see us ramping up more, our spend for technology and research. A lot of that goes towards more on the business side. But also just to the things you're talking about, we think it makes a lot more sense to be spending money in understanding and making some technology breakthroughs than to start spending hundreds of millions or billions of dollars in businesses that are questionable value creators for the shareholder and dependent upon subsidies from the government. So we're going to study and work this, but we're going to do it primarily through ramping up money that we're spending on research and technology.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our Q&A session for today. I would like to hand the call back over to Mr. Clayton Reasor for closing remarks.
Clayton Reasor: Right. Well, we appreciate the interest in the company. Obviously, if you have further questions, we're available to take those. You can find a replay of the call and a copy of our slides on our IR website on conocophillips.com. So thanks, again. We look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sigmund Cornelius - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Clayton Reasor - Vice President of Corporate Affairs J. Mulva - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Edwasrd Westlake Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG Douglas Terreson - Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Jim Mulva, Chairman and CEO; and Clayton Reasor, Vice President, Corporate and Investor Relations. My name is Jenn, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the presentation over to your host, Mr. Clayton Reasor. Please proceed, sir.
Clayton Reasor: Thank you, and thank you, everybody, for participating in our Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joined today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO. And this morning, we’ll be discussing the company's second quarter results and also provide an update on the status of our returns enhancement plans that we had announced earlier this year. The summary of key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010.  As in the past, you'll find our presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website, but before we get started, I'd like you to refer to our Safe Harbor statement on Slide 2 of the presentation. It’s a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the Q&A, and actual results may differ materially from what is presented today. Factors that could cause these actual results to differ are included in our filings with the SEC.  Please move to Slide 3, which is a summary of our key second quarter results and highlights. Adjusted earnings for the second quarter were $2.5 billion or $1.67 per share. Cash from operations was $3.5 billion. Capital efficiency increased as annualized cash returns on capital invested improved to 22%. Our E&P production, excluding LUKOIL, was 1.73 million BOE per day.  The competitiveness of our refineries allowed us to achieve U.S. refinery utilization rate of 96%, and excluding Wilhelmshaven, the international rate would have been 88%. We completed $5.8 billion in asset sales, primarily the Syncrude and CFJ asset. And debt was reduced by $2.7 billion in the second quarter, with an additional $2.7 billion reduction planned next month.  Turning to Slide 4, you can see that total adjusted earnings for the company were $2.5 billion, up $1.5 billion compared to last year. The majority of these earnings were generated by our E&P and R&M businesses. Our E&P segment improved by almost $750 million, primarily due to higher commodity prices, partially offset by lower volumes. And compared to the second quarter of last year, R&M adjusted earnings increased by over $700 million, mainly due to improved global Refining and Marketing margins. The amount in the Other column reflects an increase in corporate costs, partially offset by improvements in Chemicals and Midstream earnings.  Moving to Slide 5, total cash flow. We generated $3.5 billion in cash from operations and $5.8 billion in cash proceeds from asset sales, primarily from Syncrude and CFJ sales. We repaid $2.7 billion in debt, funded a capital program of $2.2 billion, paid approximately $800 million in dividends and repurchased $390 million of ConocoPhillips common stock. At the end of the quarter, we had a cash balance of $4.1 billion, $2.7 billion of which will be used to pay down debt in the third quarter.  Now let's review our upstream production for the second quarter on Slide 6. You can see that production was 1.73 million BOE per day, down 7% from the second quarter of last year. Looking at the chart, you can see that 23,000 BOE per day of the reduction is attributable to market factors, including PSE impacts due to higher prices. And moving to the right, roughly 12,000 BOE a day stems from the expropriation of our assets in Ecuador and asset sales in Canada and the Lower 48.  We produced 50,000 BOE per day less this quarter compared to previous year's quarter from planned maintenance in Norway, Australia and the Lower 48. In Norway, this reflects our routine three-year or once every three-year turnaround in the Greater Ekofisk and Eldfisk area and that had an impact of about 35,000 BOE per day.  What happened in Australia, we had a full field shutdown at the Bayu-Undan field and the Darwin LNG plant and that impacted production 23,000 BOE per day. The remainder of the planned downtime was 7,000 BOE per day coming from the Lower 48. The 54,000 BOE per day bar shown above operations is largely normal field decline offset by new production. The majority of the decline came from 87,000 BOE per day in North America, and the remaining 38,000 BOE per day came from Norway and the U.K. Offsetting that, we had 75,000 BOE per day of new production from China, Canada and Indonesia.  So now I'd like to turn to Slide 7, E&P adjusted earnings, which were $1.5 billion, up about $740 million from the second quarter of 2009. Higher prices and other market impacts contributed about $1 billion to the increase in earnings. This increase was partially offset by $321 million decrease from lower sales volumes, primarily from the planned and unplanned downtime that I just mentioned.  We have a positive $50 million in Other. Is largely comprised of lower dry-hole cost, foreign currency effects and lower DD&A. And looking at the table at the bottom of the slide, you can see that both U.S. and international earnings improved significantly from the prior year. Oil and natural gas realizations are up significantly.  Moving to Slide 8, our unit metrics for the E&P segment. You can see that E&P income per BOE was nearly double that of a year ago, and this primarily reflects the increase in realized prices that I mentioned earlier. Comparing this quarter's E&P results to the first quarter of 2010, we saw earnings impacted by lower natural gas prices, the volume and cost impacts of planned and unplanned maintenance activity, fewer over-lift volumes and foreign currency movements. E&P earnings were impacted by several items, such as the estimated $70 million in lost earnings from LNG sales volumes during our scheduled maintenance in Australia, a sequential earnings reduction from unfavorable foreign exchange movements of negative $64 million, and in our Russian affiliate, earnings were reduced by $17 million, a result of higher export taxes.  In addition, the impact of crude sales volumes versus production reduced earnings by about $20 million for this period versus the previous quarter. Our E&P cash contribution per BOE is competitive among our peer group and our largely OECD-focused portfolio provides greater exposure to price movements in the future.  Moving to Slide 9, market conditions for Refining and Marketing were much stronger this quarter. R&M's adjusted earnings improved over $700 million versus a year ago. Realized refining margins improved more than $550 million, primarily driven by stronger distillate fracs. In the U.S, distillate market cracks almost doubled while internationally, they improved by about 50%. In addition, we made nearly $100 million from our premium coke production at Humber and Lake Charles refineries. Additional contributors to the improved refining margins were $41 million from our increased margins was attributable to our Chemical industry feedstock such as cyclohexane, propylene, tylene, xylene and benzene. And marketing margins were better by about $150 million compared to this quarter last year. $42 million improvement related to volumes is primarily driven by our U.S. refining capacity utilization increasing from 93% to 96% as well as an increase in our marketing volumes of unbranded fuels.  The $101 million of negative variants in Other is almost entirely FX-related. It reflects unfavorable foreign exchange impacts this quarter compared to the favorable ones we received in the same quarter of 2009. And this quarter's foreign exchange impacts were largely due to the dollar strengthening compared to the weakening in the same period. The table at the bottom of the slide provides U.S. and International earnings as well as realized margins.  So let's move now to Slide 10, which shows the year-over-year variances for our other segments. Results in our Midstream segment were $30 million higher this quarter compared to a year ago, mostly due to higher NGL prices. Our 50% share of CPChem generated $138 million during the quarter. This is $71 million higher than the second quarter of 2009 and due to higher ethylene, polyethylene and benzene margins. In fact, looking at equity earnings for the Chemicals segment, this is our second best quarter since CPChem was formed. LUKOIL adjusted earnings were improved by $187 million compared with the same quarter last year. The increased earnings was mostly driven by higher average realized prices partially offset by higher taxes. Adjusted corporate expenses were $365 million after tax for the quarter compared to $157 million last year. The majority of this variance was a $150 million impact related to foreign exchange, and the remainder was higher interest expense related to the absence of tax settlements and higher effective tax rates of about $20 million and $15 million, respectively. We’re increasing our full year estimate for corporate expenses from the estimated $1.2 billion to approximately $1.4 billion for the full year 2010. This increase is primarily due to the FX losses I just mentioned of about $90 million for the year and approximately $150 million for the Mako payment costs to retire the debt that I’d mentioned earlier.  Turning to Slide 11, our debt-to-cap ratio. As stated before, we paid down $2.7 billion of debt this quarter, resulted in balancing debt of $26.3 billion at the end of the quarter for a reported debt-to-cap ratio of 28%. Debt is down some $4 billion versus the same time last year. We also ended the quarter with a cash balance of $4.1 billion due largely to the timing of the receipt of the Syncrude proceeds in late June.  Netting out our cash position, debt-to-cap is at 25%, the top end of our stated debt-to-cap ratio, but down from the peak of 34% at this time last year. Cash on hand will be used to pay down additional debt during the balance of the year, and towards that end, we’ve called $2.7 billion of debt, which will be settled in the third quarter. Another $500 million in maturity is expected to be called in the fourth.  All in, we expect that year end debt level around $23 billion and cash balances around $2 billion. So let's move to Slide 12, our ROCE and cash returns on capital invested.  You can see that on the charts on Slide 12, we've shown steady improvement in our returns. This has been driven by better earnings and cash flows while maintaining capital discipline. Year-over-year, our ROCE improved by 6%, and although price was a large component of improved ROCE, constrained capital spending, paying down debt and investing in higher-returning businesses also contributed to this improvement. And this is in line with our previous guidance around expectations that 2/3 of the improvement comes from prices and 1/3 comes from our disciplined approach to capital.  As a result of our recent Wilhelmshaven decision, we expect capital employed in the R&M segment to fall. We ended the quarter with capital employed in R&M of $23.4 billion, versus $23.6 billion last year, and for the full year 2010, we expect to spend approximately 90% of our capital in E&P, consistent with our plans of investing in higher-returning business segments.  So that completes our review of our second quarter of 2010, and I'll wrap up with some operational and project returns and plan status on Slide 13 before asking Jim to make a few comments before we go into Q&A.  Looking at Slide 13, I guess the place to start is, just to be consistent with previous production guidance, we expect 2010 E&P production to be close to 2008 production levels with approximately 1.8 million BOE after adjusting for the impact of asset dispositions and PSC impacts related to higher prices. New production from our ramp-up of Canadian Oil Sands, Bohai Bay, Indonesia , Qatargas 3 will partially offset production declines in North America, Alaska and the North Sea assets. Asset dispositions of Syncrude and other parts of our E&P portfolio are expected to have annual impact of about 20,000 a day during 2010. And we expect PSC impacts will reduce production by about 10,000 BOE per day.  Regarding refining, during the third quarter, we expect a slight decrease in total utilization rates in the current quarter and expect to see U.S. refining capacity rates to be in the low 90% range. We expect R&M pretax turnaround expenses to be slightly less than previously guided, $500 million for the year.  Controllable costs are expected to be lower in 2010 compared to 2009, as we continue to take steps to control costs while ensuring the safety of our employees, the integrity of our assets and conducting planned maintenance at our refineries.  The most important elements of our company is culture, our safety, maintaining an asset integrity and environmental stewardship. We recently completed a 35-day shutdown in our Bayu-Undan field and Darwin LNG facilities. This shutdown involved over 1,400 employees and contractors and was executed as planned with no major incidents or environmental impacts. We are on track to deliver our cost reduction targets of about $350 million from E&P and about $200 million reduction in cost in Refining and Marketing.  Moving to our Exploration Program Activity. In the Caspian, the Rak More well should spud in the third quarter and achieve TD by year end, and we expect the Nursultan to follow sometime the second half of 2011. We’re currently drilling the Megaladon wildcat in the North Sea. We’ve got a 30% working interest. It’s high-temperature high-pressure well. Drilling’s progressing according to plans and TD is expected late in the third quarter. And we expect to participate in two additional wildcat wells during the year. One, in the deepwater Norwegian Atlantic area with Shell, the Gulf Newton well. It's a deepwater Jurassic target. And one in the Arafura Sea, which is expected in the second half of this year in offshore Indonesia, where we have 25% working interest in partner with Total. As for our Polish shale and Chinese coal bed methane plays, we don't have any new material information. We completed the first Polish well earlier this quarter. But it was more of a data well and we're evaluating the data we’re gotten from it. We continue to look at the Polish opportunities and Chinese opportunities favorably. We’re seeing good return and production growth opportunities in our oil sands areas, both Foster Creek, Christina Lake, as well as Surmont. We've accelerated our FCCL development program and expect average production this year of between 55 and 60 MBOE this year, and we expect the compound annual growth rate over the next five years to be somewhere between 15% and 20% with mid-teens returns or higher on a full cycle basis.  We're also increasing investment and the pace of drilling activity in the Lower 48, Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian plays. At Eagle Ford, we've been encouraged by our recent well results, continue to look for ways to optimize our operations. Year-to-date, we've drilled 13 and completed seven wells at Eagle Ford and are optimistic about this deal’s potential to support future production and returns growth. We’ve got six rigs drilling in the area, plan to have as many as 12 by year end, in current production of about 7,000 BOE per day. Our APLNG project is targeting FID by the end of 2010. We're encouraged by the withdrawal of the Australian government's recent proposal to enact new resource super profits tax, which would have had an adverse impact on all coal seam to LNG projects. We remain concerned about other possible increases in Australian taxation, such as the newly proposed extension of the petroleum resource rent tax to onshore oil and gas projects and are working to mitigate this exposure. We believe there is sufficient LNG demand to support our project and other projects in the region and look forward to providing further updates on our marketing activities later this year.  At our 2010 Analyst Meeting, we detailed our plans to enhance returns and strengthen our financial position. From 2010 to 2013, we expect to grow our production per share by approximately 3% per year on a compound annual growth rate basis, and we're on target to deliver this. Another part of the plan was to sell $10 billion in assets over the next two years. We've made significant progress with the completion of the sale of Syncrude, our CFJ interest and other miscellaneous assets. The data rooms for North America asset disposition packages have been open since June, and we've seen significant amounts of interest from potential buyers. Our expectation is to receive bids during this quarter and begin closing on our E&P North America asset sometime in the fourth quarter of 2010.  We've engaged an adviser for the sale of our 25% interest in the REX pipeline, and marketing efforts are progressing. Total cash proceeds year-to-date are in excess of $5.8 billion, and we expect to reach between $7 billion and $8 billion for asset dispositions, excluding LUKOIL by the end of the year.  In addition, we continue to take steps to rebalance our portfolio and enhance our returns by reducing the proportion of capital employed in our downstream business, demonstrated by our cancellation of Wilhelmshaven refinery project upgrade and the announcements made earlier this year about other major potential projects. So that concludes my prepared remarks, and before we take your questions, I'd like to ask Jim for a few of his comments before we open the call.
J. Mulva: Okay, Clayton, and appreciate everyone participating calling in on this conference call. I think I would provide a little information regarding our announcement on our plans to sell all of our ownership interest in LUKOIL. Previously, we indicated that we were going to sell half of our interest. As you know, we own 20% of LUKOIL, and we were thinking of selling down to 10%, but the announcement today is to over the time period of remainder of 2010 through 2011 to sell all of our interest in LUKOIL. So let's talk about this for a moment.  It was a strategic relationship with LUKOIL. The objective certainly for ConocoPhillips was to participate in opportunities, both particularly upstream and to some extent downstream within Russia, within LUKOIL. LUKOIL's interest was to do that both in Russia but outside with ConocoPhillips as well. It's been a good experience, good relationship, highest respect for LUKOIL, and everything that we've experienced so far from LUKOIL and with the Russian authorities has essentially been what we would have expected. The development of opportunities within Russia has not come as quickly as we would have thought for our company, as well as for others in the industry.  If we look at our ownership in LUKOIL, essentially the strategic reason for coming to the decision of selling all of our interest over the next 18 months is that we have good financial returns, but our cash returns are essentially the dividends. So we book our share for equity and accounting 20% of LUKOIL's results, but our cash return is essentially about $200 million a year and so we look at the opportunities within Russia. We look at the opportunities that we have elsewhere around the world within our portfolio of the company, along with our emphasis on improving our portfolio returns, our cash returns and distributions to our shareholders, we came to the conclusion that we felt that we could better redeploy those funds primarily through share repurchase, but our emphasis on metrics, the metrics of returns, the metrics of reserves and production per barrel, our earnings in cash, particularly cash returns per share. So if we look at where we have invested in LUKOIL, the shares were purchased over a number of years ago for a total cash outlay of $7.5 billion. Over these years, we have received $1 billion in cash dividends. And earlier, about a month or two ago, we sold 6.7 million shares for $400 million. We had a price of about $58 a share. So we currently have an ownership interest at this point in time of 19.2%. And that book value is $6.7 billion. So we invested $7.5 billion in cash, received $1 billion. I know it's not net present value, but from a cash point of view, we have $6.5 billion invested.  Now we announced that we're going to sell this two different classifications of LUKOIL shares. I'll just say the Russian shares and the shares outside of Russia. They have a similar characteristic. So what we have done is we have just announced that we're selling the Russian shares 7.6% to LUKOIL, that it represents 64.6 million shares or about 40% of our shareholding interest. The share price we've announced is $53.25. That results in we receive those proceeds pretax August, I believe it’s 16th, of a little bit more than $3.4 billion. We expect after-tax gain of about $300 million, cash taxes of about $500,000,000 and the transaction, as I said, closes in about August 16. And then what we have in mind is looking at selling the remaining shares and open market shares essentially in London or that exchange or to LUKOIL. Sell the remaining shares and if you look at current prices, that would have a value pretax of about the proceeds of $5.5 billion. For that block the remaining amount of shares’ financial after-tax gain at those prices would be $1.3 billion cash taxes. A little more efficient than [indiscernible 33:10] $100 million. LUKOIL does have an option for our shareholders agreement. It’s a pretty extensive agreement when we entered several years ago. Option for 60 days, it starts today, to purchase all the remaining shares or the shares that they would like, to write a first offer at $56 per share. So if you look at our LUKOIL state, it's been in our investment in LUKOIL and in Russia. It's been a good experience. It's a great relationship. The after-tax proceeds from the stock sales that I went through will be somewhere about $8.7 billion, maybe a little bit more, cumulative dividends a little bit more than a $1 billion, so if you look at it, I know it’s not net present value, the cash out of what we sell and our dividends will be about just a little less than $10 billion. And we invested $7.5 billion.  Most of the cash that comes from the proceeds from the disposition of the LUKOIL shares will be directed towards share repurchase. The cash that comes after tax from asset dispositions, a great deal of that will be directed towards getting our debt down, as Clayton said, towards $23 billion and we essentially are getting very close to achieving that at this point in time. So those are my opening comments. I wanted to talk about LUKOIL. So we’ll open up for questions, Clayton.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Mr. Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Jim, Clayton, could you just talk a little bit more about the actual timing and expectation on the size of buybacks post-LUKOIL? I think you’re fairly clearly saying it's all going to be rotated into buyback. Would you expect that to be done over what period of time? Would you expect to do any further buyback this year assuming that you get down to your debt level target? And then how would you see 2011 playing out as well in terms of your aspirations for further asset sales seeing as you're getting towards the kind of $10 billion level fairly quickly that you originally talked about? Would you consider increasing the asset sale program given that you had success so far in obtaining good prices and would again we expect that to be directly into buyback?
J. Mulva: Okay. Well, you've asked quite a number of questions, essentially what are our basic plans with capital structure and allocation of cash. And so as Clayton said, we look at our debt balance, and we're pretty satisfied at about $23 billion. Although it could go down a little bit more, maybe $1 billion, but we think around $23 billion, $22 billion fits for us in terms of our debt objectives. We'll see the debt ratio at the end of the year, net debt at, say, 25% moving down because we essentially don't pay out all of our earnings in the form of dividends. And the other thing is, is we don't particularly have a hoard of maturing debt coming immediately in the next short period of time. And so we don't feel that we should be paying a premium to reduce debt that's pretty tax efficient. So for guidance, I think you should be looking at us saying as we look at the end of 2010 and going into 2011, we're pretty comfortable with debt at $22 billion and $23 billion. The other thing we've said is that we like to have annual dividend increases. Well, we increased our dividend late 2008 and we had a 10% increase early part of 2010. So you look forward to 2011, why, if we follow through on the plans, you can look at some dividend increase. And look at our capital spending. Capital spending for this year is going to be in the neighborhood of $11 billion to $12 billion. That's what we would expect it will be, $11 billion to $12 billion. And so if we look out to the next year in 2011, where we’ve said we haven't finalized plans or that, but with the things that we are doing in the company probably our capital spend might be in the neighborhood of $12 billion or $13 billion because we have a lot of projects that we are working on. Another thing that we’ll probably do as we look at the end of this year, we'll probably carry cash balances in the neighborhood of, for guidance purposes, let's say $2 billion. The reason we do that is because there may become opportunities for us to participate whether it's deepwater Gulf of Mexico or shale gas, coal bed methane opportunities in the Lower 48 or other places of the world. And so we look at that and we say, well, we just want to have cash available in an order and magnitude of about $2 billion because we think the things we might do might be a couple hundred million dollars, half a billion dollars, something like that. In terms of the deepwater gulf of Mexico, we look at it, and we say well, it's way too early to determine what are the opportunities because we don't know what we have a moratorium on, we don't know what the rules, regulations, risk/reward, liability situation is so it’s really way premature to get into something like that so the guidance we’re really giving you is we’re saying well, we carry $2 billion in cash, we get debt down to $22 billion, $23 billion, don't have to take it down anymore, we raise the divided next year and so then when we look at it and we say, okay, given how we sell our shares while we sell our shares of LUKOIL we'll start really buying our shares probably for the middle of August in an even pace and we like the idea of just kind of averaging this over time. So on the basis of what we did, is we sell LUKOIL shares, we buy our own shares and then we have to take a look at what the market gives us in terms of cash flow from commodity prices and crack spreads. So hopefully, I’ve tried to give you our basic approach to what we're doing for the rest of 2010 and 2011.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Indeed you have, Jim. In the past, when you've done a buyback, you've been more opportunistic. You’ve timed it, if I'm not wrong in thinking back, and it sounds like this time you're going to go for a more rated approach. Is that correct?
J. Mulva: It will be a kind of a ratable approach so much and we’ll spread this out over 6 to 12, all the way up to the end of 2011. The fact that we sell that first block on August 16, the Russian shares where we’ll actually have sold more Russian shares than we have purchased but we'd like to get back on to a more ratable situation where we sell the LUKOIL shares and we buy ConocoPhillips shares, but there’s a little bit of catch-up in terms of buying our own shares so we might do a little bit more as we go through the third and fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Terreson with ISI.
Douglas Terreson - Morgan Stanley Dean Witter: Jim, I had a question which pertained to your previous answer. You commented on the significant amount of certainty that we have surrounding the situation in the Gulf of Mexico. But do you have what you consider to be the two or three most likely implications for a company such as yours participating in the play because even though it's not as significant to you as it is a lot of your peers, you do have significant potential out there and so could you provide some insight as to how you think it might shake out, most likely outcomes?
J. Mulva: Well, we really feel that we need to get this industry back to work. And the industry is ready to work. We have to do this because if we don't, drilling rigs and people start to leave the Gulf and they leave the Gulf, they don't come back a month or two later. They leave permanently for one or two years. And we look at the Gulf of Mexico, we know the resource are there. We need to develop our indigenous resources. It's employment and then employment leads to investment, and employment leads to returns, and taxes are paid to states and to the federal government. So for every reason, we really believe that we can put the industry back to work, that's important. The other thing is as we look at our company, we obviously as I said earlier, we’ve got to know what the risk/rewards we need to go with the rules and regulations are and that's hopefully it’s going to get sorted out here more quickly than we've seen so far. For our company, for the past several years, we’ve looked before the Deepwater Horizon incident, we felt that we wanted to have – we were underrepresented in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. We want to have more of a position. So we in the last several license rounds, we've been picking up acreage pretty aggressively. And then we've been trying to farm in, and we’ve tried to do that. So now, we find with the Deepwater Horizon incident that we find ourselves while we don't think necessarily we’re advantaged, but we don't think we're disadvantaged. And so we look at a company like ourselves and we say we have the capability, the technology, the experience, we can do this. So we want to be opportunistic, and we feel we are the right kind of company to do this. So if smaller companies don't want to continue to participate and we see the risk/reward and the rules and regulations okay, we’d like to do more in the Gulf of Mexico, but we're not going to do this until we know what the rules are and what the risk/rewards are going to be.
Douglas Terreson - Morgan Stanley Dean Witter: Obviously, the divestiture program has been surprising in terms of the proceeds and the valuations and BP received some pretty hefty evaluations as well. And so that's obviously heading well ahead of expectation from where I sit, but on the strategic outlook, could you also provide an update on your European marketing and Asian refining businesses that is how strategic you consider those businesses to be?
J. Mulva: Well, we've announced here just recently that we’re not going forward with the very large project in Wilhelmshaven. You’ve got great refining assets. And you could see by the second quarter results that we've done quite a bit better than we even expected when we went into this year with crack spreads and the business environment. How sustainable are they? They’re really going to depend upon supply and demand situation and the economy and whatever. We continue to really work hard. We did say earlier this year our strategic plan is to lighten up the portfolio on the Refining side and we thought that we could better do this for value creation purposes in 2012. But we're not sitting on our hands, letting the grass grow. We're out there trying to figure out can we venture? Can we somehow or another participate with someone else? Can we pick the asset or can we sell the asset? So the marketplace looks like it's a little bit better than it was six months ago, but we don’t really have any more to pass along than we are working to accelerate our strategy of lightening up the portfolio on the Refining side of the business just like we outlined earlier this year.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Gilman with Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Jim, I appreciate your discussion on the rationale for the LUKOIL, but I guess I still don't quite understand exactly what changed between the time that you indicated that you’d sell half the interest and now, when you’re a seller of all of it? Follow-up question after you address that though, you have traditionally utilized acquisition as a means of achieving portfolio-oriented objectives. And I guess as one looks at the global upstream portfolio, the growth component perhaps isn’t what you might like it to be, and I'm wondering what you might do beyond just $200 million to $500 million opportunistic-type acquisitions to remedy that if you think it should be remedied.
J. Mulva: Okay, what's changed with respect to our ownership in LUKOIL. I think it's certainly the business environment. If we look back five or six years ago, what took place with the very deep worldwide recession, the financial crisis in the latter part of 2008, access issues. As I said earlier, the development of opportunities not just within Russia, but outside of Russia and some of the reason for why we put the strategic relationship together was to do more things together in Russia and outside. And that really hasn't materialized quite like we thought. Not because of lack of interest or intent, but the business environment’s quite different than it was. And so we have a pretty complex shareholders agreement. And so we initially outlined and disclosed we were going to sell half of our interest, 10%, but we were also during that time period working on the 20%, essentially selling all of our interest and that takes time. And we just felt we wanted to get going so that's why we announced the 10%. There's not really a change. There has been a pretty consistent approach and it’s taken time and that's really my response on that. The other second question you said is, well, we’ve built ConocoPhillips over last 10 years and there's been a great deal of M&A activities from mergers to acquisitions, ventures, whatever. Things like what we did within Canada with the refining side now with Synovis. And when we look at our portfolio objectives going forward, I really think that the world really has changed. And we’ve said this in our meetings with the financial community, the Analyst meeting, M&A opportunities, you look at them, they're feeling far between. You're very expensive and you have to really question do you create value for the shareholder? Our emphasis is on how do we improve all of our metrics. Return on capital, foreign cash return on capital, work per share metrics and reserves and then, by the way, when we sell ultimately our 20% interest in LUKOIL, our metrics production per share, reserve per share, cash per share all of that, when you look at the ConocoPhillips, E&P segment, they all improved somewhere in the order of magnitude of like 10%. So we have as we’ve said, we’ve got 40 billion plus of resources. We've got plenty of resources. Yes, you never have enough. You keep working for it. We want to improve and get more exploration success, but we can create a lot of value if we, as we said, convert these resources, 1 billion BOE a year into proven reserves, and do this well, we’re going to create a lot of value for shareholders, and we don't compromise the balance sheet and we don’t put a share stock up. And that's really a plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gammel with Macquarie.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: I wanted to ask you a little bit about the unconventional objectives that you're looking at in both North America and Europe. You mentioned your activity in Eagle Ford shale. Would you be able to talk about what the hydrocover on the mix is, just natural gas versus NGLs versus oil? And also, if you can disclose what your IP rate are averaging there?
J. Mulva: Sure, Jason. So looking at Eagle Ford, we're seeing of the 13 wells we’ve drilled and the seven we've completed, we're seeing IP rates anywhere in the range of, let's say, between 1,500 to 2,500 BOE per day. We do have some that are on the higher side of that where we’ve got gas being produced. I guess our best well is around close to six MCF a day and oil is 1,600 BOE per day. So you’ve got an MMcf per day of close to 16. But I would say on an MCF or a BOE per day, on a BOE per day basis, we're seeing something around 2 at Eagle Ford. I think, and that's the information I have on Eagle Ford, right? As I mentioned on Poland, the well that we've finished there was more of a data collection well. We got some logs and things to look at, and we don't have anything to disclose on that this year, and I don't have anything in front of me on Bakken other than to say that within the total Wilson Basin area that we’re producing somewhere around 30,000 barrels a day. This is an area that's interesting to us. We’ve ramped up our capital spend from about, from somewhere around $200 million to close to $500 million. This would also be an area you would expect us to increase capital spending into 2011 and 2012. As you look at places where sources of growth for ConocoPhillips, I would say, Eagle Ford, Bakken, Permian and then as you look up into Horn River or the Mahtne [ph 51:22], or into Poland or China, those are probably longer in terms of the amount of time it takes to wrap up production, you’re probably looking at beyond the 2011 time frame. I don’t know if that helps.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: That’s great. Maybe one more if I could with APLNG, FID approaching by year end 2010, are there any key milestones that we should be looking at along the way that would point one direction or another and I'm thinking specifically potentially HOAs with eventual offtakers?
J. Mulva: Well, that's the real question in the marketplace is that we've indicated that we're going to sell two tranches of LNG and the plan is to get that done by the end of this year. We're working very hard on it with the idea of going forward in FID at the end of this year as well. So if plans haven't changed the record guys are halfway through the year, but we're working very hard on this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Just coming back to the legislation in the House. I've seen two bills, both state at the moment unlimited liability, and therefore, no cap. I’ve heard from other companies talking about a $1 billion cap and cooperative insurance for money above that $1 billion cap for the Gulf. And that makes sense to me. But I’ve just not seen any language to that effect and so I just want to gauge your risk that perhaps the wrong bill gets passed and then I’ve got a follow-up on the side.
J. Mulva: It comes with respect to unlimited liability. We really don't think that's appropriate as it really will end up being quite punitive to the industry and the result will be I don’t think we’ll see the industry getting back to work. I mean, at best, only the very largest companies and it’s a question of where they live, [indiscernible 53:23] the risk/reward it being acceptable to going forward in Deepwater Gulf of Mexico with unlimited liability. So I can't speak for other companies, but I think the result of that will be that we will just not have the activity, and we will not develop the resources if we have that kind of situation. Property insurance for the oil spill insurance fund, we have to make sure that whatever we do, if there are changes to it, and it's done in a way that those funds have collected are really used in the case of a very unfortunate tragic incident. That's what they need to be used for and more of a collective mutual insurance by the industry, in the sense you pay in than to be a vehicle by which the government collects money from the industry and uses it for other things other than it's intended purpose. So this are really very, very important things that need to be sorted out and are going to have a direct impact on whether we get the industry back to work and develop the resources that we know we have in the Gulf of Mexico.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Just on the greater Poseidon, a specific question, obviously you’ve said testing has validated the significance of the discovery. So in terms of the timing, can you talk a little bit about perhaps the size of the resources you have in the path to commercialization or is it still too early?
Clayton Reasor: So Kronos was a discovery. I guess you could also look at it as an appraisal well, but we haven’t shared what our future drilling activity is in browse.
J. Mulva: No, I don’t believe we have, but we do have planned several more appraisal wells we're going to have to do before we assess its potential and then ultimately, it’s moving forward commercialization. But everything, we're pretty pleased, and it's promising.
Edwasrd Westlake: Do we expect to drill appraisal wells this year?
J. Mulva: Going to have to come back, because I'm not familiar with it.
Clayton Reasor: We'll come back to you on that, Ed.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Jim, it seems like you also operate in the other OECD deepwater area, Australia, U.K., Norway. Based on your discussion with the government in those areas, is there any hint that because of the BP oil spill they have been listening and perhaps that’s going to a substantial restriction their current [indiscernible 55:58].
J. Mulva: If I think I follow your question, they obviously are going to look at [indiscernible 56:08] of what took place with the Deepwater Horizon incident, Gulf of Mexico. But on the other hand, we do see that in the areas that you mentioned there was no moratoriums for us. Obviously, they want to make sure that they're looking and checking and everything’s in good order for any of our exploration or drilling activities in those areas, but no moratorium. And we wouldn’t expect one. And we haven't seen any change with respect to, in those areas, legislation or requirements for different forms of liability here in that regard. It’s just more vigilance, making sure that things are done right, but no moratoriums and no changes, and as we see at this point, regulations or other impacts.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So you still feel pretty comfortable with that? It’s not totally status quo, but it's not really dramatically changing the working environment in the OECD or outside U.S.
J. Mulva: Yes, that's what we have experienced and we see so far.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: In terms of the Wilhelmshaven refinery in Germany, is there a timeline when you guys will decide what to do with that facility. I mean that status quo is probably not acceptable, based on where they are. If you can’t find a buyer and not sure that there’s a buyer for the Calgary refinery at this point, when you will decide that you need to take the next step going to be with that?
J. Mulva: Well, essentially, Clayton commented on this, but we've essentially written that down to its value as a term loan. And as a term loan, it creates value for us so we can continue to run it long-term as a term loan, then the option is, how can we carry more value than just running it as a term loan?
Sigmund Cornelius: That's exactly right. But I think just because we made the announcement this quarter, there have been discussions about Wilhelmshaven and how to venture it or convert it on an ongoing basis. So whether or not we make those final decisions this year, I don’t know if we’ve put a timetable on ourselves to say they’ll be done or not.
J. Mulva: No, we haven’t placed a timetable on us because we're satisfied whether there’s a term on it creates value for us, not a great deal of value, and we recognize its value as a term loan on the balance sheet, so everything we do from here has got to have upside.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So I mean is that means that in the third quarter, you're already running this as a terminal, you are no longer running oil through the refinery?
J. Mulva: It’s shut down.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: It’s shut down totally, right? Have you laid off all the people yet?
J. Mulva: Oh, no. There’s regulations, labor rights and all, in Germany and in Europe that the employees stay for some extended period of time, but we can come back to you on that. So the cost associated with the personnel will take some time as it works off.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Maybe this is more for Clayton. A number of simple accounting questions. In LUKOIL, given your decision here that in the third quarter and going forward, accounting-wise that how you going to report it? Are you going to report it just as the cost base and given your decisions here at the end of the third quarter and going forward, accounting wise, how are you going to report the cost space and report the earnings from dividend or do you still going to be in the equity income?
Clayton Reasor: Well, we plan to use the equity method of accounting for our investment of LUKOIL until we believe we no longer have significant influence. I think that's the term. And so we'll look at what the situation is. But given our rights, it's unlikely that we would lose significant influence until our ownership falls below 10%. So the short answer to your question it we will use equity accounting, we would expect to use equity accounting until our ownership falls below that level. And then when stop using equity accounting, we’d no longer report our equity share of LUKOIL earnings. We wouldn't report our equity share of LUKOIL production and reserves.
J. Mulva: Given the 7.6% that's being sold plus the 0.8% already sold, you're getting up 8.4% sold at the end of August, and we don't know for sure, but you could just say that probably, it will be at the 10% or less probably by the end of this year. So we’re going to be losing equity accounting pretty soon. And we’ll come out and give you more guidance on that when we better determine it but maybe you should be thinking that when you look at 2011 there’s probably not equity accounting.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: The effective tax rate, if I excluding the impairment charge and the asset sales gains, what is the effective tax rate for your international E&P and R&M for this quarter?
Clayton Reasor: I’ve got that. It's in my stack of papers, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: That’s fine. You can just email me or call me later on.
Clayton Reasor: Okay. I’ll give you a call, but we’ve got that.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And also, on the inventory side, you have maybe of the over lift in the second quarter. So at the end of June 30, inventory-wise are you now balanced or are you underneath or over lift?
Sigmund Cornelius: We're pretty close to balanced. We're less over-lifted now than we were. There’s a slight over-lift position, but it's immaterial, one or two a day.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Sequential to the first quarter when I'm looking at your realization and your unit profit rating in the upstream, maybe I got it wrong, but it appears that your unit cost, excluding the Exploration, maybe up about $1 or so. Don’t know whether that is true, and if that is the case, other than, say, the natural mix or that the lower production drive the unit cost higher, is there any other factor that we should consider?
Sigmund Cornelius: Yes, when we look at our controllable cost for both E&P and Refining and Marketing, we're down, if you add them both together, we’re down about $300 million. But the biggest sources of the increase are higher foreign exchange costs, foreign exchange, but I can walk you through that calculation. We actually show absolute costs being flat to lower in our segment. So if there's an increase, the increase would come from, I guess, smaller production or not adjusting for foreign exchange. But we don't show an increase in -- we don't see an increase in our prevented operating cost.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a follow-up on your comments on APLNG where I think you expressed release that the super profit tax has been pulled off the table. But there is the chance that the offshore, I think it's PRRT, comes onshore. Would that be key to a make or break on moving forward with APLNG? How do you see that impacting your decision to move forward with the project?
J. Mulva: Well, obviously, the proposed super profits tax was just not a starter for our project or all of the projects. So our move to something significantly less is welcome. But on the other hand, probably our methane to LNG is really a new activity. And that's a great opportunity for Australia and for Queensland for investment, appointment and a lot of fiscal taxes to be paid to the entities. And so it's -- although it's LNG ultimately, it has different, very different, dynamics and has an offshore traditional project where you have liquids and gas and you bring it ashore and you have an LNG project. So we are continuing to work to state that case to the Canberra and to the authorities of the government that we really shouldn’t be looking at any changes in taxation. Where we really should be looking at is incentives for this type of a project. So hopefully, I’ve tried to give you some color on this, Arjun.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, that is helpful, Jim. The asset sales have obviously gone very well, I think U.S. refineries you’d previously said there was a weak market, and you don't want to sell into a weak market, crack spreads have improved, your oil refineries have improved, any change to how you’re thinking about the U.S. refineries?
Clayton Reasor: Well, the only thing I would say on the U.S. refineries, yes, it's improved a little bit. And we've seen a few transactions, smaller transactions take price, that's good to see versus no transaction because you can see that people are starting to get interested. And we talked to all of those people and people who we think ought to for strategic reasons have a participation in it. I would just say that compared to the late last year, early this year, the interest and the discussions, not that I’m signaling in any way a transaction’s coming. I’m not. I'm just saying that there's more meaningful discussions and interest in refineries in this part of the business than there were six months ago. Now whether that’s going to translate into us doing something way premature because we don't know.
Operator: Your next question is from Philip Weiss with Argus Research.
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: About the LUKOIL decision, I was wondering if there was any flexibility to reduce the amount that is going towards the stock buyback and possibly put that towards additional CapEx?
J. Mulva: Well, as we sell our shares in LUKOIL, and we said primarily will be used to purchase shares in ConocoPhillips, obviously we can adjust that to some extent if the business environment gets worse for some reason, I don't think so. I think the recovery in the world and the U.S. is slow. I don't think we're in for a double dip, but let's just say we were in for something unfortunate like a double dip. Well then we might look at it from a liquidity point of view and I'll say well maybe we shouldn't be taking the proceeds and maybe we should sit on a little bit more cash than $2 billion or $3 billion. Maybe there'll be opportunities come our way, maybe there's another day to buy the shares so that's really how we would adjust it.
Operator: The next question comes from John Hurling [ph] with So See [ph 1:06:55] General.
Unidentified Analyst: When you look at your costs incurred for exploration in recent years, you've been increasing it, you’re now more high teens rather than low teens. To achieve your goals in terms of getting more upstream exposure, do you have to, one, increase that more? Or two, increase your risk profile in terms of the exploration projects you're targeting?
Clayton Reasor: Yes, I think there’s really some of both there, John. I think that if you look at us over the last two or three years, greater proportions of our capital is going to exploration, and I think our exploration prospects have been more directed at wildcat Big E-type opportunities with running room rather than the traditional exploitation work that we had been doing, say, in the earlier part of the decade. So directionally, I would say more capital into Exploration and the types of wells we're drilling are higher risk.
Unidentified Analyst: Also, with regards to getting more exploration exposure, pardon the phrase, but I think the golden era of refining’s kind of over. Would it make more sense for you to downsize more of your U.S. refining exposure than you've discussed?
Clayton Reasor: Well, we talked a little bit about that. We’ve said that we would like to reduce our refining exposure to 15% of our company's capital employed. We just didn't think that the time to do that was the environment that we're currently seeing given the depressed state of the economy.
J. Mulva: But I would say responding to John, in the short-term, I can't remember the exact number. So should we come off around the neighborhood of gross 3 million barrels a day down to something like 2.2 and we say that's over the short-, the medium-term time period. Now if you look at the longer-term time period, it may be that there’s even less refining exposure and what left is left in terms of refining exposure has got to be only the largest, most sophisticated refineries that have some tie to feed stock, to some kind of venture. Or something like we've done with Synovis. So I think it’s a progression of watching what's taking place in the world and what the risk/reward situation is, but I think the emphasis would be going from 3 million barrels a day down toward 2.2 with time and then even further looking out into the future you have to ask yourself what you think of this business and potentially even growing less than that.
Unidentified Analyst: So sort of a disintegration strategy, so to speak?
J. Mulva: Well, certainly lowering the portfolio towards the refining side of the business, the other you asked on earlier is what about the impact in the U.S? And I would have to say whether it's U.S. or most of our refining exposure’s in the U.S., but we'd have to look at the smaller less sophisticated refineries, do they fit or they don't? Get more challenge.
Operator: Gentlemen, your final question comes from Jack Russo [ph 1:10:15] with RBC.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to see if you had any thoughts on your decline rates that you've seen so far this year since you've started on this program of a little bit less on the CapEx front?
J. Mulva: Well, probably, we'd say the following about production, but I think Clayton has been talking with the buy and sell side in his normal way of how we present and talk about all this. The first is probably when we started the year. The impact on production from asset dispositions is probably a little less than we might have thought on the average for the year. We're getting good value for what we sell, but when we sell it, we're selling it, it’s taking us a little longer than we thought to make sure we get good value. So from a production impact this year, it's probably less than you might have thought. The other bit is the analyst meeting back, I think it was March, we said that just assume that when we're done and we complete $10 billion asset dispositions, we're going to go from something like the 1.8 million BOE a day to something down like, say, maybe 1.7. A little bit more, little bit less than that, but just for guidance purposes, think 1.7. And then we've been saying that for the next several years given our portfolio, that production will go down maybe 1% a year. Actually this is an excellent growth on everything, goes down 1% a year for two or three years, then it starts coming up in absolute terms. And it comes up in absolute terms because we bring on some of these new large projects, and then they go for a very long period of time. Like the oil sands in Canada, they just go for 30, 40 years. So what we've been doing is per share metrics as we buy our shares in, we’re going to see these per share metrics production’s going up even when absolute level production goes down 1% a year. It’s going up by 3%+ and then as we continue, say over a period of time, we keep buying our shares in, but we increase the absolute level then the per share metrics really get levered up quite a big higher more than that. That’s the plan.
Clayton Reasor: So it looks like we’ve run out of time. We appreciate everybody's participation. Happy with any follow-up questions that you may have. You can find the material on our website. You'll see the slides and the presentation material. We appreciate your participation and your interest in ConocoPhillips. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. And you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Clayton Reasor – VP, Corporate Affairs Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Doug Terreson – ISI Jason Gammel – Macquarie Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs Jacques Rousseau – RBC Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital Mark Gilman – Benchmark Neil McMahon – Sanford Bernstein Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2010 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Chris, and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Clayton Reason: Thanks Chris, and thanks everybody for participating in our first quarter conference call. I am joined today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO, and this morning we will be discussing the Company's first quarter results and status on the strategic initiatives we shared at our March 24th analyst day. A summary of key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010. As in the past, you can find the presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website. In an addition to the presentation material, we plan to use our website to provide information that was part of our quarterly interim update prior to discontinuing its issuance earlier this year. Please refer to our Safe Harbor statement in the appendix of this presentation on slide 17. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and Q&A. Our actual results may differ materially from what we present, and also in the appendix that are non-GAAP reconciliations footnoted throughout the presentation for your reference. Moving to slide two, summary of our results and highlights for the quarter. You will see adjusted earnings for the first quarter were $2.2 billion or $1.47 a share, which excludes the charges of $110 million for ending our participation in the Yanbu and Shah projects. Cash from operations were $3 billion. Our company's capital efficiency increased as annualized cash return on capital invested improved to 21%. Our E&P production, excluding LUKOIL was 1.83 million BOE per day, and in spite of the challenging downstream environment, the competitiveness of our refineries allowed us to run at 88%. I'm going to now turn to slide three. Total earnings for our company were $2.098 billion, up $1.3 billion compared to last year. The majority of our earnings were generated by our Exploration and Production business. Our E&P segment improved by $1.132 billion, primarily due to the increase in crude prices. Compared to the first quarter of last year, R&M income fell $209 million; weaker refining and marketing margins more than offset lower operating costs. Our equity earnings for LUKOIL investment were up $379 million compared to the first quarter of 2009. As I mentioned earlier, this quarter we had charges of $110 million for exiting the Shah and Yanbu projects. So adjusting for that, you can see this quarter's earnings were $2.208 billion. Total company controllable costs were lower by about $40 million year-on-year and $110 million sequentially if you eliminate the impact of foreign exchange and higher utility and fuel costs. Moving to slide four, total company cash flow. You can see in the first quarter, we generated $3 billion in cash from operations. This included a $979 million negative impact from an increase in working capital. This increase in working capital is driven by the growth in seasonal operational inventory levels and in support of our commercial business consistent with what we've done in the past. We expect a substantial portion of this inventory to be worked off by year-end. Our capital program totaled $2.480 billion for the quarter, in line with our 2010 budget of $11.2 billion. And while debt-to-cap ratio remained flat, our absolute debt level increased slightly due to the increase in working capital I mentioned earlier. We paid $744 million in dividends, compared to $696 million paid in the first quarter of 2009. Our first quarter 2010 cash position ended at $855 million. Now let's review our total company production for the first quarter on slide five. As expected first quarter 2010, E&P production was 1.83 million BOE per day, down 5% or 97,000 BOE per day from the first quarter of 2009. Compared to last quarter, E&P production was virtually flat. Looking at the sources behind the year-over-year decline, 29,000 BOE per day can be attributed to market factors including production and sharing contracts in Indonesia and royalty impacts in Canada. Portfolio changes mainly due to the expropriation of our assets in Ecuador decreased production by about 9,000 BOE per day and higher planned maintenance, primarily in Australia, decreased our production by 3,000 BOE per day. The remaining decrease of 56,000 BOE per day was due to normal field decline, primarily in the UK, lower 48, and Alaska, mitigated by new production form Phase 2 of our Bohai Bay project in China and our Foster Creek, Christina Lake SAGD developments in Canada. Production from FCCL Oil properties increased nearly 50% on a net after-royalty basis in the first quarter of 2010, compared to the same period of 2009. The Foster Creek project achieved payout for royalty purposes in the first quarter. It's the industry's largest SAGD project to reach payout today, and is leading the way in implementing innovative technologies that lower operating costs and reduced our impact on the environment. In the Bakken Shale, we spud three wells during March bringing our total 2010 well count to six. Three of those wells were placed on production in March with each having initial flow rates of approximately 2,000 BOE per day. As we gain experience in this area, drilling productivity continues to improve which we hope to replicate as we increase investments in this region. In the Eagle Ford play we continue to have – we currently have three rigs drilling and have completed the drilling phase of four horizontal wells this year. The first of these wells were placed on production in late March and slowed at an initial rate of 3.8 million cubic feet of gas and 1,200 barrels a day of condensates. This well and related industry results reinforce the potential of our 240,000 net acre position in the liquid rich core of this play. Now turning to page six; unadjusted E&P earnings for the first quarter were $1.832 billion, up from $700 million last year. Higher prices and other market impacts contributed $1.5 billion of increased earnings. The increase was partially offset by $104 million due to the impact of lower sales volumes, and operating costs were $23 million higher mainly due to the adverse effects of foreign exchange of about $50 million. Excluding the impact of FX, operating costs were down around $25 million to $30 million from a year ago. The $219 million in other includes $83 million in costs associated with the Shah Project exit; increased DD&A due to foreign exchange impacts, and increased export taxes related to our equity affiliates. As stated, when excluding the $83 million charge for the exit of Shah, adjusted earnings are $1.915 billion. You can see the realized prices table at the bottom of slide six. On the right hand side, you could see realized oil and NGL prices reflect a 78% increase compared to last year, and global gas prices increased by approximately 11%. Both U.S. and international earnings improved significantly from the prior year and the lower 48 business unit had solid earnings this year, compared to a loss a year ago. Although North American natural gas prices remained challenged, our financial performance in the lower 48 benefited from liquids, which represent more than a third of its production. Moving on to slide seven, our unit metrics for E&P, you can see our E&P income per BOE was nearly three times higher in the first quarter of 2009, reflecting the increase in realized prices. And although we currently lag the largest competitors in our industry on an income per BOE basis, we expect to close this gap as we allocate more of our capital to liquids production. Our E&P cash contribution per BOE has been consistently above average compared to our peer group for more than a year. And if prices continue to increase, we expect to outperform our peers on a cash flow per barrel basis due to our large OECD-focused portfolio. The R&M segment discussion begins on slide eight. Market conditions for R&M were challenging during the quarter and much weaker than the first quarter of 2009. However, we did benefit from wider light-heavy crude differentials, better margins on the production of feedstocks used by the chemical industry, and improved clean product yields. We were able to increase our U.S. refinery utilization to 88% this quarter from 80% a year ago, and 83% sequentially. The year-over-year earnings variance was driven primarily by lower global refining and marketing margins. Over 85% of the $213 million reduction in income is related to refining margins. In the U.S. distillate margins have dropped about 40% while internationally distillate margins have fallen 30%. Lower global volumes impacted earnings by $24 million. These volumes were primarily caused by our Wilhelmshaven refinery, which was shut down for the entire first quarter, as well as planned turnaround activity at both our joint venture refineries, MiRO in Germany, and the Melaka refinery in Malaysia. The $88 million improvement in operating costs was due primarily to lower turnaround activity and other operating costs. We remain focused on items we can control including cost management and optimizing our operations. 11 of our 17 refineries are ranked in the top tier of the Solomon operating cost peer ranking, and this creates competitive cost advantages. $60 million in other was caused by foreign exchange impacts and includes a $25 million impairment resulting from our decision not to participate in the Yanbu refinery project. Adjusted earnings for R&M were $21 million for the quarter. A table at the bottom of the slide provides U.S. and international earnings as well as realized margins. Now let's move to slide nine, which shows year-over-year variances for other segments. Results in our midstream segment were $77 million, $46 million lower this quarter compared to a year ago. The decrease is primarily due to an $88 million gain on shares issued by a subsidiary of DCP Midstream in the first quarter of 2009 partially offset by improved margins due to higher NGL prices this quarter. Our 50% share of CPChem generated $110 million this quarter, $87 million higher than the first quarter of 2009 due to higher ethylene and benzene margins. Finally, LUKOIL earnings were improved $379 million, compared to the same quarter last year probably as a result of the restatement due to lagged reporting. As we disclosed on our analyst day beginning in January of 2010, we changed the method we used to determine our equity share of LUKOIL's earnings. Under this new method, the Company records our equity share of LUKOIL's actual earnings on a one quarter lag basis rather than using an earnings estimate for the current quarter. Prior periods have been recast to reflect this change. Corporate expenses were $310 million after tax for the quarter, compared to $259 million last year. The increase was primarily due to increased interest expense and foreign currency losses. Turning to page 10, our return on capital employed. Cash return on capital invested has improved each quarter, since the beginning of 2009. This has been primarily driven by better earnings and cash flows resulting from higher commodity prices. So, that completes my review of the first quarter 2010 earnings. What I would like to do now is turn to an outlook comments on slide 11 before asking Jim to give us a few of his comments and then opening the phone for Q&A. So, first I would like to provide some guidance on operating expectations for the second quarter and the remainder of the year. We will begin with E&P. Over the next couple of quarters, production is expected to be lower. Areas that will contribute to the decrease include North American natural gas, Western North Slope, and Prudhoe Bay due to seasonal maintenance and normal decline. We also have some planned shutdowns being conducted in Norway with Ekofisk and Eldfisk being down between 22 days and 26 days. In the UK, Britannia and J-Block will be down between 10 days and 20 days, and in Australia Bayu-Undan and the Darwin LNG facility will be down close to a month. As we said last quarter and during the analyst meeting, we are targeting 2010 production levels to be flat with 2008 normalizing for the impact of asset dispositions. New production is expected to partially offset these declines, and will come from our ramp-up of Canadian oil sands, Bohai Bay, Australia, North America liquids, and Qatargas 3. Regarding refining, we expect increases in utilization rates, especially internationally due to the restart of our Wilhelmshaven refinery and the completion of turnarounds at both MiRO and Melaka. In the United States capacity is expected to improve given our expectations for higher refining margins. And as for the remainder of the year, we expect average quarterly turnaround costs of about $125 million pretax in line with previously provided guidance. We continue to take steps to control costs while ensuring the safety of our employees, integrity of our assets, and conducting planned maintenance at all our refineries. In 2009, we exceeded our cost reduction expectation target of 1.4 by reducing costs almost $2 billion, and in 2010 we plan to achieve our cost savings of $400 million. At our March 24th analyst day, we provided details regarding our plans to enhance returns and outlined our asset disposition program. We recently announced an agreement to sell our Syncrude interest to Sinopec for $4.650 billion pretax. The 2009 production and reserves associated with our interest in Syncrude was 23,000 BOE per day, and almost 250 million BOE in reserves. Our expectation for the after-tax proceeds are in excess of $4 billion. This is an early estimate, could possibly change on the completion of the final transaction. The government approval process is underway in both Canada and China, and we anticipate closing in the third quarter. Data rooms for our North America asset disposition programs will be open in the next couple of months. We've selected our financial advisors and expect closing for these packages to start in the second half of 2010. The buyer for our Conoco Flying J travel centers has been selected. We will estimate after-tax proceeds to be approximately $350 million. We are still waiting for the Federal Trade Commission's approval, and hope to close mid-year. We've engaged Citibank as the advisor of our interest in the REX Pipeline. We've 25 percentages in REX Pipeline, and marketing efforts are expected to begin in the second quarter with closing of a potential transaction expected by year-end 2010. We remain confident that we will reach our $10 billion target for asset dispositions during 2011. Regarding the increase in shareholder distributions, in March we announced a quarterly dividend payment of $0.55 per share, 10% increase over the previous rate. The dividend is payable at June 1st to shareholders of record on May 24th, and we started selling LUKOIL shares this month in small, open market transactions and commenced purchasing ConocoPhillips shares simultaneously. These amounts and the amount of LUKOIL shares sold, and the amount of ConocoPhillips bought will be disclosed in the upcoming 10-Q. As stated at the analyst meeting, we expect to complete the sale of our half of LUKOIL equity during 2011. Moving to exploration, 2009 was a good year with discoveries of Browse Basin and the Gulf of Mexico lower tertiary trend as well as entries into several new areas. While we are constraining capital in some parts of our business, spending in exploration has remained fairly consistent, which should strength our portfolio for future organic reserve replacement over time. In April, drilling and logging operations were completed on our Laurentian Basin wildcat, and the well was subsequently plugged and abandoned. The cost of the well incurred through March 31st are included in our first quarter financial results as dry hole expense. A significant amount of data was collected and is being analyzed, and no decision has been made regarding any potential future activities in this area. Kronos in the Browse Basin of Northwest coast of Australia is still drilling toward its planned target depth. Given the extensive coring, testing, and analysis that's planned for this well, we are unlikely to have significant updates regarding the overall prospect for several weeks. In general, most of ConocoPhillips significant exploration wells will begin during the second half of this year. Some will reach their objectives in the fourth quarter while others will roll into 2011. For example, in the Gulf of Mexico the Chevron-operated Coronado prospect will spud early in the third quarter, potentially conclude before year-end. As mentioned at the analyst meeting, we expect that a Tiber appraisal well could also spud prior to the year-end. In the Caspian current plans are to spud the Rockmore well in the third quarter, and achieve TD by year-end, and we expect Nursultan to follow sometime in the second half of 2011. As for our Poland Shale play, we expect to spud our initial wells in the second quarter. And in China Coalbed methane, we continue to drill and analyze cost and the reservoir performance with the results interpreted near the end of 2010 or early 2011. With regard to Eagle Ford, we are aggressively pursuing exploration and development opportunities based on the promising results we've encountered to date. Our APLNG project is moving forward as planned. APLNG reserves and resources are considered the best in the region and our upstream is making progress daily. Our target is to secure sales agreements to support two 4.5 million metric tonne per annum trains. So, that concludes my comments. Now I will ask to Jim for a few closing statements before we open the call for your questions.
Jim Mulva: Okay Clay. Thank you, and appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call this morning. Thought it might be of help to spend a few moments to talk about some of the steps we are taking to create shareholder value, and I refer to our March analyst meeting in New York when you heard us, heard me indicate that the opportunities for profitable investments for the large, international, integrated majors has changed pretty dramatically in the last several years. Resource access is an issue, as is fiscal take in commercial terms. The question for our company is how do we create value for our shareholders in this type of environment given the assets, the resources, and the opportunities we already have in our existing portfolio. Our approach is not just to get bigger in upstream volumes, but to ensure that we have better than cost of capital returns and not do projects that are at just cost to capital or have limited upside potential. We think the way to create shareholder value for our company is for us to convert our extensive resources into proven reserves, and to do this at competitive metrics. And while we will grow the absolute volumes in the latter period of our five and ten year period of time of strategic plans, we are stressing to annually increase the per share metrics of reserves and production as we go through this period of time. Creating value means more and more focus on improving the returns of the portfolio, strengthening the balance sheet with significant increases in distributions to our shareholders in the form of annual increases in dividends and share repurchases, and we are executing on this plan, and we've seen support from our shareholders and the financial community. As Clayton said, we have reached agreement to sell our 9% in Syncrude and that transaction, along with the others that we have told the marketplace that we intend to sell, will go a long way toward meeting our $10 billion disposition objective. There were very difficult decisions for our company regarding participation in the Yambu and Shah project, but we believe the decisions that we made were consistent with the execution of our plan. Clayton also said we've commenced sale of a portion of our LUKOIL shares, and simultaneously we have started the purchase of ConocoPhillips shares. We are doing this in rather modest amounts and doing this in an appropriate way. Capital spending is being constrained to doing our highest return projects while not deferring some of the other projects that we may be doing at a later point in time when we can improve the metrics associated with those opportunities. We expect to accomplish our debt and balance sheet objectives really by the end this year, so things are going quite well in that regard. So those are the comments I would like to make, Clayton, and I think probably it is time now we open this up for questions from those participating in our conference call.
Clayton Reasor: Great. So Chris, could you line up some questions for us, please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Doug Terreson of ISI. Please proceed.
Doug Terreson : Good morning, guys.
 ISI: Good morning, guys.
Jim Mulva: Good morning.
Doug Terreson : Jim, execution on the return enhancement plan has obviously been positive this far especially with the recent decisions on Yanbu and Shah. I think kind of underscoring your commitment to higher returns, and on this point if free cash flow continues to rise by $1 billion plus per quarter and proceeds from Syncrude and Flying J exceed $4 billion, then the cash position is going to build significantly in Q2 and Q3 of 2010. So you have talked about – you just mentioned debt and equity reduction as clearly being priorities and it seems like the equity reduction component, share repurchases have already commenced. So could you talk about how you plan to segment the two? Is debt reduction necessarily more important than equity reduction, or how are you guys thinking about that part of the plan?
 ISI: Jim, execution on the return enhancement plan has obviously been positive this far especially with the recent decisions on Yanbu and Shah. I think kind of underscoring your commitment to higher returns, and on this point if free cash flow continues to rise by $1 billion plus per quarter and proceeds from Syncrude and Flying J exceed $4 billion, then the cash position is going to build significantly in Q2 and Q3 of 2010. So you have talked about – you just mentioned debt and equity reduction as clearly being priorities and it seems like the equity reduction component, share repurchases have already commenced. So could you talk about how you plan to segment the two? Is debt reduction necessarily more important than equity reduction, or how are you guys thinking about that part of the plan?
Jim Mulva: Good, thank you. First, what I would like to say is yes, the cash generation looked quite positive. We are quite pleased with the slow development of the economy around the world, and that could be helpful to our businesses. And we are executing on our plan. With respect to our investment opportunities, I would say that there is likelihood that our capital program would be more than $11 billion, but may be closer to around $12 billion. We want to do our very best project so we might see a little bit of expansion in our capital spending this year, but may be in the neighborhood of about $1 billion. When we talk about our debt reduction that will come primarily through some cash flow from operations, but also asset dispositions. We see the debt, taking it down into the low $20 billion levels. It could be like at somewhere between $21 billion, $23 billion, somewhere in there. Debt and the cost of the debt is certainly very manageable. The debt ratios will be coming down closer to our 20% so somewhere in the low 20s. We think we've done all we need to do on debt reduction, don't need to do any more than that. It doesn't have to go to $20 billion, but in the low 20 somewhere.
Doug Terreson : Sure.
 ISI: Sure.
Jim Mulva: So, with the cash coming along developing quite nicely and funding the capital opportunities in the Company, we see annual increases in dividends. So, we've already increased the dividend this year, so the additional cash will go towards share repurchase. That is really what the plans are.
Doug Terreson : Okay, and Jim, one more question on E&P. Norway has always been a significant steady performer for you guys, and on this point, there seems to be a movement on new investment phases, which will probably extend the life of that position in a financially attractive way. So, could you provide a little color on activities in that area and updated expectations for your position in Norway in E&P?
 ISI: Okay, and Jim, one more question on E&P. Norway has always been a significant steady performer for you guys, and on this point, there seems to be a movement on new investment phases, which will probably extend the life of that position in a financially attractive way. So, could you provide a little color on activities in that area and updated expectations for your position in Norway in E&P?
Jim Mulva: Well, we've already rebuilt Ekofisk a second time. We are working at doing Eldfisk and extending the opportunities of capturing more out of the fields associated with the Ekofisk greater area. It's a field that's already gone for about 40 years and it's going to go for another 40, 50 years. So it's just a great opportunity for us. Every time we can capture another 1% that's in the neighborhood of like, find of about 100 million barrels oil equivalent. That's on a gross basis. So, we are working our plan, so that we are going to be redeveloping and redoing Eldfisk and Ekofisk to create opportunity for us because it has very good returns, and the fiscal environment has been very consistent and steady, so we are going to do this another time again in Norway. So, we have a really great presence there, and we look forward to two, three, four more decades in Norway.
Doug Terreson : Great. Thanks a lot.
 ISI: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gammel of Macquarie. Please proceed.
Jason Gammel –Macquarie: Thanks. Good morning guys. I just wanted to ask you about some of the activity onshore in North America, you were seeing very strong liquids production coming out of both your Bakken and Eagle Ford acreage. Jim, you had mentioned there was the potential to expand the capital program a little bit this year; would that be an area that you might want to pickup activity levels from the current three rigs or so that you are running?
Jim Mulva: Absolutely. It's just when I talk about some expansion on capital programs from $11.2 billion, maybe closer to $12 billion, a lot of that will go towards that those types of projects. So, we are very pleased with our position that we have and, yes, that would be an area we would direct more capital towards.
Clayton Reasor:
, :
Jason Gammel –Macquarie: Terrific. Maybe one more if I could, guys. On Wilhelmshaven, I think you mentioned that it is currently operating. Is that operating on what you consider normal utilization rates, and have you done anything to lock-in margins in Germany at this point?
Jim Mulva: Well, we had Wilhelmshaven shut down for maintenance, and then for market reasons shutdown for the whole first quarter. And we are looking at the potentially the hydroskimming margins than we were. You have to make these decisions, weeks in the past, and we felt it was an opportunity for us to start Wilhelmshaven up. We have the hydroskimming margins that backed off pretty dramatically, so I don't think you can expect that we are going to continue to operate Wilhelmshaven in the current market environment. It also gives us an opportunity to talk about Wilhelmshaven, and of course this is a decision in front of us. We are evaluating every single alternative with respect to what we should and will do with Wilhelmshaven, and I think you will hear more from us since we go through this year on Wilhelmshaven.
Jason Gammel –Macquarie: Thanks very much, guys.
Operator:
 :
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good morning fellows.
Jim Mulva: Good morning.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions. On the exploration expenditure, Clayton, I think in your prepared remarks you talked a little bit about some of the things you are going to be doing this year, but exploration and expenditures fell off a little bit in the U.S. or at least the expense did a little bit. Can you just guide us towards how we should be expecting this split between U.S. and international, and maybe a little bit more on the activity levels, what basically was going on in the first quarter in the U.S.?
Clayton Reasor:
 :
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I guess the only other one I have is – I guess it's kind of an accounting question related to tax. As you shifted your capital towards liquids in the little 48, it looks like you are getting some tax benefits from mix effects. Can you maybe talk a little bit about – I mean last year, your run rate was running in the low 50s, and if we were going to see a more kind of permanent shift down to a lower level of run rate tax. If you could talk a little bit to that both in Q1 and as we go forward?
Clayton Reasor: Sure. Effective tax rate was lower this quarter due to the higher proportion of income from areas with lower tax jurisdiction. So it would be lower 48, and Canada had earnings improvement so therefore you saw a reduction in the effective tax rates. E&P tax rates fell from 60% in the first quarter of '09 to 51% in the first quarter of '010. Does that help? Is that what you are looking for?
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. Is that largely the U.S. mix effects, Clayton?
Clayton Reasor: Correct.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So we would expect that kind of run rate to continue so long as we continue to see the liquids do well in the U.S.?
Clayton Reasor: Well, I guess that's right. As long as you are seeing really that I think the impact on the reduction in effective tax rate came from improvement in liquids prices. Also you would – natural gas prices were slightly higher than they were a year ago. So lower 48 just had a much better quarter this quarter than the year ago, and I think that was the big reason behind it.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. You mentioned the APLNG projects progressing. Do you have an update on what the timing might be on signing up the sales contracts there for buyers of the gas? And on a related question, do you think it makes sense for – I think it's three or four projects down there, yours is the largest, but three or four projects to be combined, or is that for any number of reasons not practical, and so they will sort of forced in the loan developments in that area? Thank you.
Jim Mulva: Arjun, thank you. On APLNG, we said our objective is this year to sign MOUs with gas purchasers to take two large trains in total, 4.5 million metric tonnes each train, get these MOUs signed this year. We are working very hard on this. It's a priority objective of the Company because this is so important to the investment, and the value creation of APLNG. We think we are making progress, but of course it remains that we got to demonstrate and get those MOUs signed as we go through this year, and just want to make sure as we pass along, as we said that's our intent, our objective. In terms of and for competitive reasons really, we would rather not go into specifically who and how we intend to do this. But we are working and have been for quite some period of time. It would be directed towards obviously the Asian markets. The three or four projects in Queensland well obviously – they are the different kinds of projects in terms of participation by the many different companies. Our view is that the way we really need we will be looking at is collaboration. How can we work together? Not necessarily changing ownership or anything like that, but how can we collaborate to more efficiently execute our capital spending in the projects because many of us are doing these at the same time as you are aware? We can do this with respect to how we are gathering pipelines from the upstream part, how we can be working in terms of the liquefaction facilities, shipping, all of that. But particularly at Gladstone how do we build the liquefaction facilities. And so we've had discussions with the other participants, other projects, and it's difficult, but on the other hand we know that this makes a lot of sense for all of us. It doesn't – so as to execute well with respect to capital spending and schedule. We know that Queensland and the federal government want to see collaboration and so we are very open to it. It's difficult to do, but I think you are going to see collaboration, and we are quite willing to do this in a way that creates value for everyone, and it's not just the participants of the project, but also for the government as well. They also know that it has impact with respect to availability of labor and the contractor, so it's important to do this well, and so we are very open to collaboration.
Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs: I see, Jim. So, it sounds like the collaboration is more on coordinating the CapEx and labor as opposed to necessarily reducing the number of actual LNG sites, and or coordinating the gas purchase contracts or the gas sales contracts from your perspective. It seems more on the labor and CapEx.
Jim Mulva: Yes, I think it's more collaboration of how we do the capital spend. With respect to coordination on sale of LNG, I don't think you – each company will do their own thing that's what's been happening in terms of whether there is a possibility you could – of sharing a train or something like that, I guess that's possible in collaboration, but that doesn't necessarily change in terms of ownership or participation on what each company may be doing.
Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs: That's great, and then totally unrelated question, I appreciate the Bakken and Eagle Ford well data in the press release, which is nice to see. The 2,000 barrels a day from the well certainly sounds like a very solid, if not high, number. Can you comment on whether that's a dual lateral well? It's certainly a much higher flow rate than I think some other companies are reporting, and then to the extent you can say, is that a 30 day initial production rate of 2,000 barrels a day, a single day or any other period of time?
Jim Mulva: I think, Arjun, we are going to have to come back to you on that specifically, but I know on these wells we – I will just say generically, I think the 4 million or 5 million cubic feet a day of gas and then liquids in somewhere between 1,000 barrels and 2,000 barrels a day. It varies by well, but that's sort of what we've been experiencing in our early wells. We put them down with experience better all the time. Completion techniques get better all the time. I think we will just come back to you and tell you how that's done, but they are long distance, multilateral wells.
Clayton Reasor: As we've talked, we are going to provide more granularity on this part of our business in the future, Arjun. And appreciate your interest in this.
Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs: That's great, and we look forward to that. Thank you very much.
Operator:
 :
Jacques Rousseau – RBC: Good morning. Just wanted to do a follow-up on the share repurchase program. At your analyst meeting there was a slide that pointed towards $6 billion in 2010 and $6 billion in 2011 of buybacks. I assume most of this will happen in the second half of the year as your asset sale program kicks in. My question is do you think there will be upside to that program given that your asset sale program is off to a pretty good start?
Jim Mulva: Well, I go back to share repurchase and the first question that came from Doug Terreson. Our share repurchase is tied to the sale of our 10% of LUKOIL and you just say for market purposes let's say that's around $5 billion. So as we sell our LUKOIL shares in the marketplace, and we buy ConocoPhillips shares there is $5 billion there, but Doug Terreson asked, he said it looks like there is going to be more free cash flow after you fund your capital spending program and your dividends, and you already get debt reduction going towards share repurchase, and for illustrative purposes using consensus numbers, when we had our March analyst meeting, it showed that it was in the neighborhood of about $12 billion and we said about $6 billion each year for share repurchase. That's kind of the plan. To the extent how that materializes a little bit more, a little bit less is going to depend upon not so much we will meet our debt objectives and annual increases in dividends. It's going to be does the marketplace develop the commodity prices like we would expect, and so the flywheel then would be share repurchase.
Jacques Rousseau – RBC: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Thank you. Good morning. A number of quick questions, Clayton, earlier you were talking about the E&P tax rate. I understand how the overall division tax may change because of the stronger results from the U.S. How about in the international that in 2009 you were roughly about in the 67% or so. In the first quarter it is 59%. I don't think that maybe a change in between the gas and liquid so is there any particular things that we should be aware, and is that 59% on the international is a good proxy going forward?
Clayton Reasor: I don't know. I'm going to have to get back to you on that, Paul. I just don't know.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: And I presume that on Bakken and Eagle Ford that we in terms of say what is the per rail total we saw as recovery or the total development cost of those comp more detailed information that we will have to wait until that you can come back to us?
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I think we are early days on the development at Eagle Ford. Bakken, we've been there for quite a while, but as far as the reserves in each of those areas or the production growth that we expect to see, I would expect us to provide more of that type of information later this year, but it's just too early to say right now with Eagle Ford with where we are, and I think the development plans around Bakken are coming together, so stay tuned on those.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Okay. Two other questions, one, Jim, you guys are going to redevelop the Ekofisk. Any kind of rough cost estimate that how much is that going to be on that redevelopment on a per barrel basis?
Jim Mulva: Well, they have to – I thought we indicated that at our March analysts meeting, maybe we didn't, but I would assume that the finding and development costs are somewhere probably in the mid teens. The rates of return are well in excess of cost of capital and that means rates of return probably in excess of mid teen returns. So that's what we are really looking at in terms of money to be spent on redoing Eldfisk as well as some of the satellite fields and going and continued replacement wells all to recover more of Ekofisk.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Jim, should we assume the project will be FID this year so you can book reserves this year, or it is going to be a mixed year event?
Jim Mulva: No, I don't have that – I think that's a later period of time. Not this year.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: It's not going to be this year?
Jim Mulva: I could be wrong on that, but we will check that out. Something tells me it's not this year.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Okay. Final one, on page 10 on the presentation that you gave the return on capital employed for the last several quarters, Clayton, do you have a rough estimate that between the first quarter 2009 to the first quarter 2010 the 5% improvement how much is related to market condition?
Clayton Reasor: Most of it is the majority of the improvement comes from higher oil prices and better gas prices. There is some cost reduction, but the majority of the improvement comes from better earnings from higher prices. Capital employed has moved up a little bit. One of the ways that we are going to improve ROCE is slow down the growth of capital employed. In fact, parts of our business we are going to see capital employed fall as we invest less than DD&A, but the majority between first quarter of '09 and first quarter of '010 is due to commodity price improvements.
Jim Mulva: Well, that's true but I think also, Clayton, we've done a nice job on managing and constraining our costs. It's quite a challenge as we go forward. As Clayton said, we expect I think about $400 million or $500 million of lower costs this year than what we actually achieved in all of last year in absolute terms. The challenge is, whether it's currency or it's a suppliers and contractors, they are coming at the industry pretty hard, and so to hold on or more than hold on to what we've already accomplished last year is quite a challenge, but that's why we think we are doing pretty well as we've gone so far this year and that helps with respect to returns.
Clayton Reasor: I will follow-up with you on that one, Paul, just to make sure that there is – to give you the breakout between the self-help and what came from market help.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Guys, good morning. One operationally-oriented question if I could, and then one relating to Yanbu and Shah? Operationally any shut in gas volumes in the U.S. and Canada underlying the first quarter production in either of those areas?
Clayton Reasor: There is a little bit, Mark. There are some stuff that was not brought back on to the first quarter due to some severe weather, but it's less than five a day.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Okay. So, essentially first quarter gas volumes both countries at field capacity?
Clayton Reasor: 90 let's call it 98%, but I think there is somewhere around 30,000 MCF a day that didn't come back on, though a small amount.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark:
 :
Jim Mulva: Very different projects, and of course people can argue what is the cost of capital within one firm or another. As you know, Mark, people can say the cost of capital, technically if you look at the cost of debt whatever, is in single digits. Then you can look at what you must provide and have provided to your shareholders and you get into double digits, so that what is the cost of capital. Very different kinds of projects have different risk associated with them. And even though the numbers maybe what one looks a little bit higher than the other, they have a different risk, reward profile. So I think it's really, for many different reasons, not appropriate for us to get too involved in to how we analyze the projects, and which one might have been ahead of the other. The important thing is that we worked this very, very hard for several years with both ADNOC and with Saudi Aramco. We did this always with the best of intentions, and we just felt that given the direction of our company it was important for us these decisions are consistent with emphasizing returns over growth.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil McMahon of Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Jim Mulva: Hello Neil.
Neil McMahon : Yes, it's an interesting pronunciation, but anyway, Neil McMahon from Sanford Bernstein. Two things; one, basically around the Arctic, the first one is really on the Chukchi Sea well and how contingent is the drilling of this well on rig availability with Shell because they were sort of undecided what they were going to drill first between their Beaufort Sea and Chukchi Sea, and secondly, just on the Alaskan pipeline, that's obviously an absolutely huge project and sort of needs to get off the ground pretty quickly given the construction timing, and with the two competing projects with yourself and BP versus the Exxon proposal. Can you give us an update on that because it seems to have stalled somewhat in recent times?
 Sanford Bernstein: Yes, it's an interesting pronunciation, but anyway, Neil McMahon from Sanford Bernstein. Two things; one, basically around the Arctic, the first one is really on the Chukchi Sea well and how contingent is the drilling of this well on rig availability with Shell because they were sort of undecided what they were going to drill first between their Beaufort Sea and Chukchi Sea, and secondly, just on the Alaskan pipeline, that's obviously an absolutely huge project and sort of needs to get off the ground pretty quickly given the construction timing, and with the two competing projects with yourself and BP versus the Exxon proposal. Can you give us an update on that because it seems to have stalled somewhat in recent times?
Clayton Reasor:
 :
Neil McMahon : No, that's fine; just getting some timing.
 Sanford Bernstein: No, that's fine; just getting some timing.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. It's 2012 at the earliest, and then maybe Jim on Denali.
Jim Mulva:
. : And really the decisions for the companies to participate in the open season for the two competing projects will be made by our company as we go through the next several months. I do expect, though, that the open season for both of the projects would have probably rather conditional participation or acceptances because we really don't know with any certainty what really are not only the commercial, but the fiscal rules and regulations associated with the pipeline. So, this is a process that's is going to go for the remainder or a good share of this year, and so I think we just wait and see as we go through these months. We will give you more information as it develops.
Neil McMahon : And, Jim, are there any ongoing discussions with Exxon Mobil around this at all? And feasibly can you have two projects coming out of this or one is eventually going to win?
 Sanford Bernstein: And, Jim, are there any ongoing discussions with Exxon Mobil around this at all? And feasibly can you have two projects coming out of this or one is eventually going to win?
Jim Mulva: Well, I think first both projects are going at the same time, not really a discussion between the two. It's a very upfront competition between Denali and the other competing project. Obviously, when executed it will be one project, not two. How that comes together remains to be seen. And then the other thing is that we can't underestimate the challenge with respect to the cost and execution of the project. The cost is I can't recall exactly, but it's probably somewhere between $30 billion and $40 billion, and then as I said, what are the fiscal terms and certainties associated with that. Then we also – I know you start a project like this, it's 10, 12 years before first cash flow and you got to be looking out what do you think the marketplace is going to look like, and of course that marketplace has changed pretty dramatically over the last three to five years. So, a lot of really challenging significant decisions need to be made before this type of project goes forward and executed.
Neil McMahon – Sanford Bernstein: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse:
. :
Jim Mulva: Okay. First on Wilhelmshaven, as I say we will evaluate all opportunities. Obviously, one of the opportunities is to go forward and do a full scale upgrade of Wilhelmshaven. Well, that's not really a realistic alternative. What we are looking at is all the way from shutdown and writing off to how can we bring in a partner, how we can participate, and how we could dispose, but the plan is not to do – it's not consistent with the execution of our plan and emphasis on returns to spend billions of dollars to do a full-scale upgrade.
Clayton Reasor: In terms of interest in the downstream opportunities for disposition of sale of refineries or assets. Well, I think it looks like it's not directed to ourselves necessarily, but it looks like some of the assets are being moved or sold from one owner to another owner. And that's good to see in the marketplace, but I think it is good to see that the market is recovering some returns in the downstream, and we would expect that to occur with the strength in the economy. Some rationalization of smaller, less sophisticated refineries will give us opportunities to move on our portfolio possibly a little sooner than what we said in our March analyst meeting. So that remains to be seen, but it's encouraging to see what's taking place, and then I think the last was doing on our $500 million cost reduction program that was outlined in the March analyst meeting.
Clayton Reasor: Yes, actually it was business improvement I think is the way Willie had characterized it. That was focused not only on cost reduction, I think there is a hundred or a couple hundred million dollars of cost reductions in refining, but it's also looking at how to optimize these facilities. If there are something that we could do within the portfolio, if there are capital avoidance opportunities for us, and I would say those are moving forward. Actually our operating expenses were down about $100 million sequentially, a big part of that was turnarounds, but I know that Willie and the downstream guys are focusing on trying, looking at every refinery every day on continuous optimization of what they have, and then maybe there are some portfolio things that we could do that would help us as well.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: And perhaps one follow-up on healthcare costs, just because you've seen obviously a charge taken at Exxon. Where is the status with respect to your own healthcare costs and the adjustment to the legislation?
Jim Mulva:
 :
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. So we don't expect a significant increase in costs associated with that?
Jim Mulva: No, no. Not for the implementation of the new healthcare proposals. On the other hand, there is no doubt that the cost of healthcare is continuing to be a real challenge. I am not saying that's not a challenge but the implementation of the new healthcare proposal that's passed does not result in an upfront charge for our company.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez. Please proceed.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil Inc: Thanks. Good morning. My question is on the divestiture program. The Syncrude transaction price was quite impressive; I think probably well above what most people were expecting. I'm just curious if that changes you're thinking with regard to the $10 billion target, any thoughts on potentially either increasing that, or potentially exposing fewer assets to the market?
Jim Mulva: Well, it doesn't change our objective of $10 billion. Potentially that could be more, it could be a little less but we're really thinking about $10 billion. What is good about the 9% sale of Syncrude is, yes, we're quite pleased with the price but if you look at the metrics of assumptions going forward of oil prices and discount rates you already get to that number. What is our objective? Our objective is to define the assets that aren't that strategic to our company that we can sell at a very favorable price that is tax efficient and to the extent we do that well, then we minimize the amount of assets that we need to sell and we can retain it in the portfolio and quite frankly, what we're trying to do is get the maximum for whatever we sell to minimize the impact in terms of our E&P portfolio. And obviously oil assets are more of interest than our natural gas assets. And so to the extent that we do each asset disposition well, that takes off the pressure with respect to reaching the $10 billion program of what we ultimately need to be selling. But on the other hand, if you look back over the last several years, we haven't done too much in the way of dispositions and if you look at the size of our company and portfolio, we should be pruning and doing a couple billion dollars of asset dispositions every year by saying what no longer is that strategic, maybe a little bit more mature, that is more valuable to someone else. If its tax efficient, then we could sell it and redeploy the funds to upgrade the portfolio is something we should be doing every year.
Blake Fernandez: All right, that's great. Thank you for the comprehensive answer there, Jim. And then just the final question from me, Clayton you had mentioned the Eagle Ford, and aggressively pursuing that. I just wanted to confirm, I assume that means not only increasing the drilling program there but also potentially adding to acreage in the area?
Howard Weil Inc: All right, that's great. Thank you for the comprehensive answer there, Jim. And then just the final question from me, Clayton you had mentioned the Eagle Ford, and aggressively pursuing that. I just wanted to confirm, I assume that means not only increasing the drilling program there but also potentially adding to acreage in the area?
Clayton Reasor: I don't think that acreage addition makes sense for us at the kinds of prices that we are seeing for acreage. I think my comments on aggressively pursuing around Eagle Ford had more to do with adding a number of rigs and number of wells drilled and the amount of capital and expense we were going to invest in that business. But I don't see our acreage in Eagle Ford increasing. But, Jim, I don't know –
Jim Mulva: I think it's the work activity associated with the 240,000 acres that we see really good opportunities to really go after it. That's where we're going to allocate and spend more money. We got into Eagle Ford a couple years ago at a purchasing of the acreage at a very reasonable price. We look at the prices now of many of these plays and, frankly, it's hard to show what people are paying, you can see a reasonable return. Maybe that changes in the future but our allocation of capital and spend is more to get out of what we already have.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil Inc: Thank you for the clarification. Thanks.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session.
Clayton Reasor: Great. Why don't I just take a second and close up? Again, thanks everybody for participating. Find this information on our website and certainly Vladimir and I are available for follow-up questions. Thank you again.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Clayton Reasor - VP, Corporate Affairs
Analysts:  Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Doug Terreson - ISI Mark Gilman - Benchmark Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Jason Gammel - Macquarie  Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch Ryan Todd - Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2009 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, sir. 
Clayton Reasor: Thanks, Anton. Good morning and welcome to ConocoPhillips fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today I will be focusing on the company’s results for the quarter using material you can find on the web. And during the presentation, I will refer to adjusted earnings which are reconciliation of two adjusted earnings can be found in the appendix of our presentation material. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our safe harbor statement which is on page two, which is a reminder that I will be making forward-looking statements as part of the presentation and the Q&A and that actual results maybe materially different. So I am going to move to slide three, which provides a summary of our fourth quarter results and business highlights. Adjusted earnings for the quarter were $1.7 billion or $1.16 per share generating cash from operations of $5.1 billion. We ended the quarter with debt of $28.7 billion resulting in debt-to-cap ratio of 31%, down 2% versus last quarter. Total production, including our 20% share of LUKOIL was 2.26 million BOE per day in the fourth quarter. It was a challenging period for R&M with an overall loss in net income driven by depressed refining margins which were particularly low in the U.S. Global refining utilization was only 76%, reflecting economic run cuts made in this difficult environment as well as increased turnaround activity. On the cost side, we achieved a normalized full year reduction of 12% or around $1.7 billion pretax for the year. This compares to our original target of $1.4 billion and I will provide more detail on the sources of these cost reductions later in the presentation. During the quarter, we recognized non-cash asset impairments of almost $575 million after-tax primarily related to the impairment of our equity stake and Naryanmarneftegaz joint venture in Russia and matured Western Canada gas properties as well as miscellaneous impairments in our E&P and R&M segments. In Naryanmarneftegaz, equity accounting rules for impairment testing resulted in write down this quarter, and while the current producing field YK has met our expectations, our view of probable resource has declined as a result of additional data and drilling activities around some of the flank areas of the reservoir.  In Western Canada, the impaired properties were impacted in varying degrees by a combination of lower prices, royalty rate increases, strengthening of the Canadian relative to the U.S. dollar and operating performance. These Canadian impairments represent a small portion of our total capital employed in that region. Turning now to slide four, you can see total adjusted earnings for the fourth quarter were up sequentially, but down by about 10% compared to last year. This slide shows changes by segment. Our E&P business increased earnings by more than 20%, due primarily to the improvement in oil price, which more than offset lower gas prices. As I mentioned, R&M had a loss for the quarter due to significantly lower realized margins and utilization rates. LUKOIL adjusted earnings were higher than the fourth quarter of 2008 reflecting our estimates for fourth quarter 2009 results. Slide five shows the progress we've made on reducing controllable costs. We started 2009 with a goal of reducing costs by 10% or $1.4 billion. For the full year, we achieved nearly $2 billion all in savings, and if you exclude one-time severance accruals, the normalized reduction was around $1.7 billion nearly 40% of these savings were related to base operational expenditures while the remainder resulted from market factors such as currency movements and lower utility costs. We also saw a significant savings in the equity affiliate operations such as CPChem and DCP which are not included in this amount.  Slide six outlines our cash flow performance. In the fourth quarter we generated $5.1 billion from cash from operations with capital spend of $3.1 billion in dividends of $750 million. Total debt was reduced by $1.8 billion. Our 2009 full year cash flow detail is shown in the pie charts on slide seven. As you can see on the left, we generated $12.5 billion in cash from operation.  Asset sales including the disposition of our interest in Keystone Pipeline along with other changes provided $1.1 billion of additional cash. Uses of cash are provided on the right hand side of the slide and show our 2009 capital program of $12 billion, which was slightly below plan due to the timing of expenditures on major projects. Our dividends were $2.8 billion which included the quarterly increase we announced in October. As a result total debts increased $1.2 billion for the year. Slide eight shows the history of our debt-to-cap ratio over the last several quarters versus our target of 20% to 25%. As you can see while we're currently above our goal, we've made progress at reducing debt-to-cap this year and as we go forward, we expect the proceeds from our two year $10 billion asset disposal program and cash flow from operations to move us back within our targeted range. I would like to take a couple of minutes to review our segment performance starting with total company production for the fourth quarter you can find on slide 9. Overall E&P production was down 2% from 39,000 BOE a day versus the fourth quarter of 2008. Market factors decreased production by 16,000 BOE a day reflecting reduced gas production North America driven by economic conditions as well as PSC-related, price related reductions and international OPEC curtailments. As we discussed in our third quarter conference call voluntary gas curtailments began in late August and continued into the fourth quarter and during the fourth quarter total curtailment was around 145 million cubic feet per day. Moving to the right side of the slide you can see the changes to the portfolio reduced production by 12,000 BOE per day primarily reflecting the sale of our Netherlands assets next appropriation of our interests in Ecuador. These declines were partially offset by a benefit from improved volumes due to the absence of hurricane impacts in 2009. In the operations category, we saw a significant benefit from new production was not able to offset normal field decline. Although the fourth quarter was down compared to last year, our full year production was up around 3% to 1.85 million BOE per day versus the 1.79 in 2008 as shown on slide 10. Excluding market related improvement of 17,000 BOE per day we are up over 2%. This was driven by nearly 140,000 BOE per day in production from new major projects and oil sands expansion. We were also helped by strong operation; we had a strong operational year and had lower impacts from external events such as hurricanes. So now turning to slide 11, you can see total E&P adjusted earnings for the fourth quarter were $1.7 billion, up from $1.4 billion last year. The main drivers of the improvement were higher oil prices and lower operating costs which more than offset lower gas prices, sales volumes and other cost. You can see that on the right hand side of the table, at the bottom of the slide, on realized oil and NGO prices went up by 36% compared to last year while global realized gas prices decreased by about 25%.  Although North America gas prices were challenged for the majority of the year, our fourth quarter performance to lower 48 benefited from somewhat better gas prices and continued cost reduction programs. The chart shows a breakdown of the major variances. In total prices in other factors such as production taxes increased earnings by $500 million. Lower sales volumes decreased earnings by about a $160 million. This decrease reflects lower gas sales due in part to voluntary reductions which were partially offset by higher liquid sales. Operating costs were improved by a little less than a $100 million after tax. Unlike previous quarters, when market factors comprised a majority of savings, cost reductions this quarter relate to underlying operations as market factors worked against us. The other bar primarily reflects foreign currency loss compared to a gain last year and we also had higher DD&A expense this quarter due to project start-ups and some specific deal dismantlement accruals. The R&M adjusted earnings variance is shown on slide 12. R&M lost money during the quarter driven by low global refining margins and compressed crude differentials. As shown on the table at the bottom of the slide. U.S. adjusted earnings fell by nearly $700 million due in large part to a nearly 60% decline in integrated margins. Although the U.S. refining 3:2:1 crack spread was virtually unchanged versus the fourth quarter of 2008. Our realized margins decreased significantly and this was caused by several key factors. First, light, heavy and sweet, sour crude differentials were significantly lower this quarter compared to last year.  Our U.S. refineries are configured to run around 55% advantage crudes such as WTS, Canadian Sour and South American Heavies. On this advantage crude every dollar decreased in differential creates between $15 million and $20 million decrease in quarterly earnings. When compared to last year's quarter, the Maya Differential decreased by nearly $7 a barrel. We also saw negative impacts from the decrease in distillates spread. Although the market 3:2:1 crack spread was flat. Distillate margins decreased by over $11 a barrel, while gasoline spreads increased. Because our production and configuration is more biased toward diesel with an average yield in the mid to high 30% range. We were adversely impacted by the distillate spread. The third source of year-over-year earnings decline not reflected in the three, two, one market crack. It’s the impact of higher crude prices on secondary product margins. We saw a certain refinery products on a fixed price basis which makes their margins vulnerable to crude cost moving quickly higher. On the international side, the variance is more straight forward. The table shows that international earnings fell by 70% and this generally consistent with the international refining 3:1:2 spread decrease. In total global realized margins reduced earnings by more than $800 million as shown on the graph. Utilization rates and sales volumes were also down caused primarily by economically-driven run cuts. Lower operating cost did help adjusted earnings buy back $50 million despite the higher turnaround activity, and all other impacts such as currency movements, decreased adjusted earnings by about $30 million. I'll now move to slide 13 which show the variances for all other segments. In midstream we experienced higher results due to higher NGL prices compared to last year, index price for DCP were up around 40%. And our share of CPChem results were $60 million higher due to improved specialties, aromatics and styrenics margins, a lower control over cost partly offset by lower olefins and polyolefins margins.  Earnings from our emerging businesses segment decreased primarily due to the lower sparks rising international power. LUKOIL earnings were $388 million for the quarter compared to an adjusted value of zero for the fourth quarter 2008. Corporate expenses were outlined at $311 million after tax for the quarter compared to $354 million of adjusted expenses last year. This decrease is due to the absence of foreign currency losses and lower staff cost partially offset by higher net interest expense. So that completes my review of our fourth quarter results. I'll wrap up with some summary comments on slide 14. We performed well in 2009 despite difficult global economic conditions that severely impacted the energy industry. In 2009, we initially expected our E&P production to be flat versus 2008, excluding market factors we delivered slightly more than 2% growth driven by improvements and operating efficiency and lack of any external events such as hurricanes. Looking at 2010, we expect to return to the more normalized production we achieved in 2008 in large part to having a full year impact of reduced North America drilling as well as lower production growth from new projects. While we do have a good portfolio of major projects such as QG3, Canadian Oil, Jasmine, Gumusut and others, they will contribute growth as these developments are continued but we do plan to reduce our capital spending in some of our more mature assets which are significant perimeters to near term production. We are intentionally reducing our spending levels in support of our stated effort to improve our return on capital employed and increase our per barrel cash flow and earnings in our Australian business. In addition to delivering production results improving safety performance and having a good environmental stewardship year we took steps to reduce our cost structure to capturing market opportunities and driving reductions in our underlying business. While we can’t predict how market factors such as currency and utilities will impact us in 2010, we are committed to holding on to the operational savings we achieved this year from procurement initiatives, controllable cost reductions, and portfolio changes. In 2009, we also began to see results from our commitment to exploration with discoveries in the Browse Basin of Australia and lower tertiary trend in the Gulf of Mexico. We also added several prospects in some exciting new areas. In spending on exploration we remain relatively flat in order to strengthen our portfolio from future organic reserve replacement. Late in the year we announced plans to enhance returns and strengthen our financial position. Consistent with these objectives we announced our 2010 capital budget if $11.2 billion and initiated our asset disposition plans. We started the sales process for our same crude interest and received quite a bit of interest on this asset. And we identified other targets and are very confident we will reach our $10 billion target over the next two years. Finally, we are taking appropriate steps to manage our downstream business in the phase of prolonged margin pressure. We do not expect the magnitude of losses to continue on this business given the specific actions we are taking. Our strategy is constant and starts with operating excellence. We must run safely and reliably. Next, we focus on controlling our cost and we have a good track record in this area. In addition to running well and keeping cost in check, we focus on optimizing the plans and capturing the highest margin available on any given day. This not only includes making economic run reductions as we did in the fourth quarter, but also changing operations in response to market movements. Lastly, we have adjusted our capital plans for this business with the objective of ensuring that is cash positive. You can see this on the deferral of the upgrade project at Wilhelmshaven and a reduction of discretionary capital. Through all these steps we feel confident in our ability to manage through this challenging environment. So, Anton that concludes my prepared remarks and I will open the call for your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Hi, Clayton. You talked about upgrading the portfolio and general actions over the course of the year. Can you just give us some more detail on any more specific progress how we'll be looking at the annual meeting on March the 24 for example, any further comments on LUKOIL and so on? Thanks. 
Clayton Reasor: So I guess the questions that are out there around status on the asset sale program and when we announced this in the fourth quarter, we said it was a two-year program because we knew it was going to take a little bit of time to get lower interest that we wanted in certain assets and to find where we wanted to invest and also measure the market response. So nothing has really changed. I can't give you any more color on the assets as far as where we are with the bottom 10% of our North American assets, or Syncrude or the REX pipeline or the Southern North Sea, so those are all still being worked. I can say we don't have any reason to believe we're not going to be able to generate to $10 billion that we stated. As far as LUKOIL again, I can't really say anything that but repeat what Jim had said, which was we've got a really good relationship with LUKOIL and the Russian authorities. We recognized what's taking place there, and we are aware of the situation and it's really appropriate the comment that we would like to make as we just intend to maintain a strategic relationship we have with LUKOIL, and I don't know if there was anything else that you wanted to ask.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I did. You generated enough cash to pay down debt this past Q4 assuming, given what you said about the expected disposal proceeds being in line with what you previously told. What would be the next phase for the additional cash thus implicit beyond what you wanted to do in terms of paying down debt?
Clayton Reasor: Some of this just going to depend upon on what the market does but when we see this free cash flow coming you think about $10 billion of asset sales and you think about some of the other things worth considering you think about free cash flow we certainly would like to have annual dividend increases and we want to keep our CapEx at the $11 billion range may be 200 million higher but not much more we don’t see it going back up into the $13 million to $14 billion range. But once we get our debt down covered 11 billion or so CapEx raise our dividends I think we've got to consider share repurchase.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I didn’t quite understand what you said about volumes for the year did you say that '08 was normalized in which case what would you call a normalized number for '08 because we could have done quite sharply basically '08 versus '07.
Clayton Reasor: Okay so when we started year 2009 the guidance we were providing when we are going to stay flat over the next couple of years from that level and so that’s the guidance we are really giving for 2010 is going to be inline with 2008 volumes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Terreson with ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Terreson - ISI: I have another question on the E&P as well your production rose by a full 4% in 2009 and that’s obviously impressive for a company of your size and it's higher than I think the company thought a year ago and so the press release talks about reliability and PSAs in some of the regions that drove the performance but it appears that they were broad-based and so my question is that is whether or not their strategies, or processes that you guys have in place that are leading to this positive performance ahead of expectations that is their common theme amongst the commentary that you made in the press release today that are driving these positive results may have been so if you could just comment on what they might be, it would be appreciated.
Clayton Reasor: Okay, so I guess Doug are you looking at fourth quarter versus fourth quarter a year-over-year?
Doug Terreson - ISI: Full year.
Clayton Reasor: Full year. So, I guess there is the up, we just ran very well in 2009, our uptime and reliability was higher, I think the things that I would look at, you had some major projects startups around the BritSats and Bohai Bay, Canadian heavy oil projects increased a bit as well as YK field in it offset the declines that we saw in North sea. Also I would say the North America decline was less than expected with the lower activity. So, I would say those are the big parts, we just ran very well this year.
Doug Terreson - ISI: Let me ask you one more question about the debt reduction plan, you guys have talked about lowering debt to total capitalization from 31% to 20% to 25%, although its consensus estimates are on the ballpark in 10 or 11 and you should be able to attain that target just from growth and equity alone by the middle of 2011. And so my question is how do you guys plan to manage as part of the program meaning is there an absolute level of debt that you are more comfortable with? And if so, what is that level of that range and if could just talk about how that part of the plan if I could be managed that would be great.
Clayton Reasor: I think that might be something that would be better talked about in March but there is no specific number that we are targeting, I think a part of that will depend upon what's happening in the market.
Doug Terreson - ISI: Okay.
Clayton Reasor: What kind of opportunities we see, but I think we like the idea of being in the 20%, 25% debt-to-cap ratio, but don't see a real big benefit in going much below that level. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark. Please proceed with your question. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: A couple of things, can you comment on the cash that changed hands with respect to the recently announced Statoil swap?
Clayton Reasor: Not really, we tried to keep those assets swaps, the commercial terms confidential, so can't really say anything about that.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, let me try one or two more, if you could?
Clayton Reasor: Sure.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Implicit in your comment regarding 2010 production is how much in the way of voluntary gas curtailment?
Clayton Reasor: I don't think we're making any assumption around voluntary gas curtailment, so we've got around a 140 for the quarter, we were down 140 Mcf a day and we're all back on now. So essentially we don't make any assumption that there is going to be gas curtailed in 2010.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay. This comment in the press release Clayton regarding Bohai production, a number about 45 KBD, I don't know what that number is, is it fourth quarter, is it full year, is it Phases 1 and 2 or just Phase 2, is it entitlement number? Can you help?
Clayton Reasor: So I think that is a net year-end number. For everything inside Bohai. That's our production that at Bohai.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: And it's an entitlement number?
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I'm glad, I'm not sure no one else not just, not to agree with you but if its not an entitlement number I will call you back.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Yeah, okay and your net share under the applicable production share and contract.
Clayton Reasor: Correct. That’s right.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, just one or two of the quick upstream things, can you give us any kind of color on the kinds of results you are seeing on the Eagle Ford program at this point?
Clayton Reasor: Not a lot I mean we had good success there what’s been encouraging are the existence of some condensates and other liquids. I would say the drilling program is being developed now for 2010 but I don’t think we want to get into any specific production of well results.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, there’s been some confusion in the trades and in the media regarding the Poseidon appraisal. Could you set the record straight on exactly what happened with that well, was it a well where we really didn’t see any meaningful results because of mechanical considerations or did the well in fact not confirm what you saw on the initial discovery.
Clayton Reasor: You are talking about Poseidon, the most recent well or…
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: That’s correct, Poseidon 2.
Clayton Reasor: So there were some technical issues that didn’t allow us to test the well, the way we wanted to so we are waiting for technical results. So nothing conclusive we’ve gotten from that well testing now.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, I’ve got just one more arithmetic related. Looking at the waterfall charts, for the segment earnings, okay I’ve got $95 million in cost reduction in E&P in the fourth quarter I’ve got $47 in R&M in the fourth quarter you know if I put it together and multiply by four gross it up on a pretax basis I am looking at a number that’s perhaps in the $1.1 billion range. That’s no way near the kind of numbers that you talked about as having achieved. What am I missing?
Clayton Reasor: Well this may be something we want to take offline but I don’t know if you are looking at the market related impacts or you just looking at the…?
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: I am just looking at what you are defining as cost savings in those two slides. Okay, these are your numbers and on the fourth quarter basis versus year ago, frankly the run rate ought to be a lot higher and therefore if anything I ought to be exceeding the number that you are talking about.
Clayton Reasor : Fourth quarter can't be annualized because the market factors of natural gas and foreign exchange went against us.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay. 
Clayton Reasor : So, in the other quarters we actually had helps from FX and that gas this quarter all the savings came from internally generated and actually we gave some back on the market related ones. But I am happy to walk through the, we feel pretty good that we delivered on this, $2 billion in savings, 1.7 if you exclude severance accruals and I'd be happy to walk through that with you.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay. Will do. Thanks very much.
Clayton Reasor : Your welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Kessler with Simmons & Company. Please proceed with your question. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Thanks. Good morning, Clayton. I wanted to revisit the off share impairments a bit and see if there is any associated reserve impact for those. Its kind of like for the Russian affiliate, it was you were fairly explicit in saying those were unproved and are probable reserves and that there was an implication on assuming no [1P] effect. But I am wondering if the Canada reserves may have had an associated write off of barrel in addition to the write down of assets?
Clayton Reasor: So, I will start with Canada. There are several things that drove the Canadian impairments, one was royalty rate reduction, there was royalty rate reduction for a big portion of Canadian production, but in some specific wells and fields, including some of the deep wells, royalty rates actually increased. Impairments in Canada were isolated to a few fields, some of them did see negative impacts from royalty rate changes but there was no impact on reserves, are very little on reserves. As far as Naryanmarneftegaz, the biggest driver on that was our view of the probable reserves around the JV area and the fact that we see those reserves as less than we had. There were some other things around cost and currency to the impact of the valuation, but also in Russia, you have to keep in mind, the equity impairment rules are different where you use a discounted cash flow against book which is more stringent than you use for consolidated.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Sure. I just would have thought that the year in 2009 would have been more benign than the year-end 2008 tests in terms of market factors there but?
Clayton Reasor: That's true. I think that's right. I think around Russia, it was just our assessment of the resource after we've got additional information. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: So it sounds like YK itself has done reasonably well, but the surrounding areas have changed in terms of your perception, how do you view overall net production from the JV now for Conoco going forward the next several years?
Clayton Reasor: I don't think that our position is changed on that. I think YK is operating as we expected, I don't really view this as having an impact on our overall assessment of our Russian operations. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil. Please proceed with your questions.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Good morning, Clayton. A question for I wanted to clarify the 2010 production guidance does that contemplate any divestitures?
Clayton Reasor: No it does not. So we're not assuming impact of divestiture in; obviously there could be divestitures that have an impact on production but we're not including that in the guidance.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay thanks and then moving on to the lower tertiary, obviously the transactions was Statoil moves you more levered to the lower tertiary and as I understand that at somewhat early days with not a lot of production history or data points from the play from industry and I'm just curious do you have enough tangible data points to kind of have a good understanding of the economics out there or how much of this is kind of betting on the comp?
Clayton Reasor: No I think the people that we have at exploration understand lower tertiary pretty well they've got us into Tiber and some other things that have been successful. The thinking behind this is that we just are looking to balance the portfolio between a different exploration opportunities that we have and Chukchi is highly perspective but we wanted and the deal at Statoil allows us to manage some of those cause of risks while we're maintaining control in exposing ourselves to material prospects that have running room and that are early in the lower tertiary position we think does that for us. So it's going to be another area of references for us in our exploration program.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay great and the last one I have for you, you mentioned the kind of the net earnings impact as a result of crude differentials which are clearly compressed. I'm just curious if there's any outlook from you guys going forward as maybe more OPEC barrels coming to market potentially ramp up of Canadian oil sands development? Do you have any sense that differential environment is going to materially improve over the coming year?
Clayton Reasor: Well some people believe that the heavy light differentials will move with improvements in general economic activity so if overall demand crude oil increases then you’ll see additional heavy sour barrels coming out of the Middle East. The Canadian production is going to take some time to materialize the new capacity that we have seen in Asia and also some of the capital spending that U.S. refiners have done and then pointed towards coking and other heavy oil handling investments and so that that kind of puts more demand for heavy oil. So, I don’t think we expected to go back to where it was, lets say in the middle part of the decade 2005, 2006, I don’t think we are expecting $20 heavy, light debts but maybe a little bit wider than it is now. Only other comment on refining, I notice this isn’t really to your point but we do expect the West Coast to get better than its been. The West Coast margins have really got creamed over the fourth quarter and that was part of what contributed to our results and that we have few refineries on the West Coast.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Right. Okay, well thanks so much Clayton, I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Clayton just a question on the Surmont announcement from this week, do you have a CapEx number to go with the production increase you talked about in the release?
Clayton Reasor: We are not sharing it. We have.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: I'm glad you have one, that's at least good. So can you provide any color of how you kind of see that versus Foster Creek? Chrisitna Lake, I guess is part of the question as well.
Clayton Reasor: Sure. And we don't provide project level CapEx, but I would say it's competitive within our portfolio, I'd say I think it's in line with where we see FCCL CapEx or requirement, we want to stage these things at different times. Surmount Well begin construction this year. This is a build on of from an earlier phase, and I think peak production from Phase 2, we're expecting in 2017.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: I guess Foster Creek Christina Lake seems to be clearly be an excellent project and no disrespect to Surmount, it has been viewed as difficult to measure up the Foster Creek Christina Lake, but it sounds like you always had some encouragement as you've run the pilot that the economics are actually quite competitive.
Clayton Reasor: That's right, and in this way, this in no way crowds out investment into Foster Creek or Christina Lake.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That is terrific. That's it Clayton. Thanks a lot. 
Clayton Reasor: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gammel with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question. 
Jason Gammel - Macquarie : You kind of answered my question on refining but on the West Coast, we've been looking at margins that were probably not covering cash operating expenses which I believe were confirmed by another report today, could you confirm if you are seeing something similar and also does it help you to reduce run rates or your cost effects in such that you would probably still run at a higher utilization even if you bring in cash?
Clayton Reasor: No, I think what you know when you're making these decisions around run rates, you have to take a perspective view on where you think cracks are going to be and for us we always say you have to cover your variable costs. So you’ve got to be positive cash. The rates that we saw in California, the crack spreads were so low that you know they are just not sustainable. Refineries will take additional run cuts or shut down. But we don’t want to burn cash but when we are making those kinds of decisions we are making a set of forward look on what we expect those cracks to be, what we expect the differentials to be on heavy light, what we expect movements in crude impact on secondary products but if we are not covering our variable costs we have to take steps to curtail production.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie: Okay. Thanks for that. Also if I could just clarify on the gas curtailments, the $145 million a day that you mentioned in the fourth quarter is that U.S. only or is that total North America.
Clayton Reasor: Its total North America.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie: Okay and now you’ve got production down sequentially about 320 a day versus the third quarter so is the incremental effect simply a decline effect as a result of lower level of drilling activity.
Clayton Reasor: That’s correct.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie: Okay. And then finally if I could there’s been quite a few heads of agreements or purchase sale agreements signed in the Pacific Basin over the last six months, is that affecting how you are marketing ALNG and can you talk about any progress that’s been made on the marketing front for that project.
Clayton Reasor: So we are still active you know we’ve announced some things over the last month around mostly upstream awards of engineering and project awards. We haven’t said anything about our marketing activity, given that these things are fairly sensitive and you don’t want to tip your hand on commercial negotiations. So all I can tell you is you know we are actively pursuing the marketing of two trains, of LNG out of Queensland and there is a lot of interest and we expect to announce something before the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question. 
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: Clayton, I wanted to jump back to the production guidance. Can you give any sense of what the magnitude of disposals might look like and how that may impact the production for the year? What was behind my question is as your debt targeting, as I guess your cash flow, your assumed cash power of the portfolio has a production capacity in mind when you do that. So, if you could give us some help just around how you are thinking about that would be great?
Clayton Reasor: Yes, so we really haven’t tried to give order of magnitude on what the impact of asset sales is going be. Syncrude is around 25,000 a day but that depends on when the asset would be sold. Right? So the 2010 guidance really isn’t factoring in any impact from asset sales. 
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: Okay, I guess you will give more color on lots of these and strategy there. 
Clayton Reasor: Yeah.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: Okay, the another one I have is, I wanted to jump back to CapEx. What exactly is the pacing of the CapEx coming out of ALNG? How much is in for this year because that was expected to ramp up, but my understanding is that you managed to negotiate so much better I guess E&C contracts and so on may be those CapEx numbers are coming down. So some idea of that would be appreciated?
Clayton Reasor: I don’t have that and I would assume that we didn’t. We don’t give project-related CapEx guidance, I don't know if we had provided it in our 2010 capital press release that we may done it for the region or for the country. Its early days in APLNG, contracts are been awarded, but I don't see a lot of capital going into that project right now. I think generally, on the projects like these, you need to get certain things in place before you ramp up on capital spending, so I would say the bulk of the capital going to APLNG is going to be later in the decade. 
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: I guess just one final one if I can squeeze it in, kind of related question.
Clayton Reasor: Sure. 
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: There was some noise on the wires a few weeks back about what was going on Shah, and I know that Jim has been very clear that that was not in the 2010 budget. So are you basically going to be sort of pulling out of that project altogether, or any update, will be appreciative.
Clayton Reasor: So I think, I can just give the same answer Jim has been giving and that's we continue to work the project and no decision has been made and when we get to the point, when we're going forward, or not going forward, then we'll share that with you. I think when we look at Shah or look at other projects, all these things have got to compete for capital and have got to general higher returns, and that's how we look at it and other major projects like it.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: All right, terrific, thanks Clayton. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. 
Ryan Todd - Morgan Stanley:  I just had a quick question on U.S. refining I mean is it safe to say from your comments that other than maybe some efforts that cost control that you're not considering anything out in the ways of rationalization or sell there or JVs or anything out to there to handle the situation that's just cost control and then riding out the environment?
Clayton Reasor: Well I don’t think we're just sitting our hands I think that we are going to look at run cuts in certain areas but that where the refineries aren’t covering the variable cost. Your probably familiar that we had Wilhelmshaven down for most of the fourth quarter. I think there are other, so yes you can cut costs you can constrain capital that would be going into projects for expansion type projects as part of our design to improve our returns over time we said that we want to have a smaller downstream business you know 15% to 20% of our total portfolio being downstream, instead of the 20% to 25% where we are now but that's going to take some time given the environment for refineries. So I guess I would say a little bit differently there may not be a lot that we can do from a portfolio perspective in 2010 in terms of finding creative ways to generate higher returns out of that business but over the next several years as we go forward in this you could expect us to look at creative ways of reducing our exposure to the downstream. Is that fair?
Ryan Todd - Morgan Stanley: Yes, that is. Earlier you'd said that you would expect this in terms of asset divestitures it would be more likely that you refining divestitures a couple of years out down the line and…
Clayton Reasor: And I think that’s a function of the market.
Ryan Todd - Morgan Stanley: And then that would still seem to, that would still be the position.
Clayton Reasor: I think that’s right, that’s probably a good question for Willy or Jim at the end of March at the analyst meeting.
Ryan Todd - Morgan Stanley: And on the West Coast you mentioned obviously there has been tremendous weakness in west coast margins and what do you think from your perspective out there what has been driving the weakness? Is it just a blow down of winter grade gasoline and you commented, you expected it to get better, any comments on why the weakness and why you would expect it to get better in the near term?
Clayton Reasor: I think you have already seen it improve a little bit here in the last week or so, but I think its imports and demand levels on the west coast that had been very low, but I can't give you specifics to why the West Coast has done so poorly but its at a level or it was at a level that it was operating below variable cost and at that point you start seeing refineries curtail and you start seeing imports or you start seeing water-borne clean products go to different markets. So, that has a tendency to clean itself up. When we hadn’t seen product spreads at that level, I don’t think that we did – it’s a historical. That’s what was behind that comment.
Ryan Todd - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And on a different note, you mentioned the Origin JV and the Australian LNG project. Can you give us any, as we look towards 2010, an idea of potentially what project sanctions you might have in store or potential project sanctions for the year?
Clayton Reasor: So that would be one of them. We've got to make a call where were another on Shah, I think obviously QG3 is going forward. You've got the Jasmine project in the North Sea. Let's see because I've got project slide here somewhere. They are I think the Alpine West has been pushed out, Gumusut in production. Let me come back to you on as far as specific project sanctions or, and this is going to be something that we'll talk about as well in March.
Ryan Todd - Morgan Stanley: Okay. 
Clayton Reasor: Okay. 
Ryan Todd - Morgan Stanley: Okay, I appreciate the help. 
Operator:  Mr. Reasor, there are no further questions at this time.  
Clayton Reasor:  Great, I just want to thank everybody for their participation in the call, and information's available on our website, will certainly available to follow-up, if you've got any additional questions. Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2009 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, sir.
Clayton Reasor: Good morning and welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. I'm joined this morning by Jim Mulva, ConocoPhillips' Chairman and CEO, and Sig Cornelius, Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer. As we have done in the past, there is presentation material; we will refer to as part of our prepared remarks, and you can find the information on our website. We'll begin this morning's call with Sig covering our third quarter results and sharing progress toward meeting our 2009 objectives. And following Sig's remarks, Jim Mulva will provide his thoughts and perspectives regarding our plans to enhance returns and strengthen our financial position through asset sales and modifications to our 2010 capital budget. After Jim's comments, we will open the phone lines to take your questions. But before I turn the call over to Sig, I need to direct your attention to the Safe Harbor statement we provided on page two. This is a reminder that we will make forward-looking statements as part of our presentation and the Q&A session, and actual results may be materially different. The sources of these differences may be found in our filings with the SEC. And now, I would like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Sig Cornelius.
Sig Cornelius: Thanks, Clayton. I will start my comments on slide three. At our analyst meeting last March, we discussed some of the significant challenges that were facing our company and the industry. I'm pleased to say that, as we have progressed through the year, we have begun to see some positive signs with respect to improvement in the global economy and corresponding energy demand, while there are still some challenges for North American natural gas marketing and refining, the picture today looks more encouraging than earlier in the year. From our own company perspective, we have been very focused on executing our business plan and have delivered strong operational results thus far. In addition, over the last several months, we have been focused on developing plans that will accelerate progress on improving our financial position and returns over time. As Clayton said, Jim will speak more about this last point at the end of my remarks. Slide four shows some of the major drivers to the company's performance in our view of the current status. Compared to earlier in the year, oil prices are higher than we expected and appear to be constructive for long-term investment. According to the Department of Energy, compared to a year ago global oil consumption declined by 3.2 million barrels per day in the first half of 2009 and an estimated 1.2 million barrels per day in the third quarter. For the fourth quarter, they are forecasting growth from last year, and if seen, this will be the first time that demand has increased in the past five quarters. In 2010 the EIA predicts world oil consumption will grow by 1.1 million barrels per day, while demand is showing signs of improvement, there are still some important factors that could influence future prices such as OPEC production levels, inventory draw downs and the pace of the global economic recovery. Although, North American natural gas prices have seasonally rebounded from very low levels this summer, we expect them to remain weak in the near-term due to record storage levels, driven by declining industrial gas demand and the continued impact on new supply from shale developments, while supplies are being reduced due to lower activity levels and voluntary curtailments, these factors can be reversed fairly quickly and will keep downward pressure on prices. In addition, the potential exists for a reversal of coal to gas substitution for power generation, which has provided significant demand for gas so far this year. In the longer-term, we believe prices will need to recover to a higher level to support continued investment in North American gas development. The other key driver of our business is refining margins, which have been very weak this year, while it may be too early to declare the bottom of the cycle, there are some indications that the supply/demand imbalance will be corrected over the next few years, as capacity is idled and demand increases along with the rebound in the economy. I will now turn to our third quarter highlights beginning on slide five. As you would expect, the macro factors I just discussed played a key role in our results for the quarter. Compared to last year, our earnings were down by around 70% with the primary variance due to prices and margins. Earnings for the quarter were $1.5 billion or $1.00 per share with cash from operations of $2.9 billion. We ended the quarter with debt of $30.5 billion, resulting in a debt to capital ratio of 33%, which is down 1% versus last quarter. On the operational side, total production, including our share of LUKOIL, was 2.2 million BOE per day. E&P production was up more than 40,000 BOE per day versus last year, and global refining utilization was also higher at 90%. Continuing the trend from the first two quarters, operating costs across the company were down by 16% due to market improvements and cost reduction initiatives. Turning now to slide six, as mentioned, total earnings were down by some 70% compared to last year. The slide shows the changes by segments. The biggest decrease was in our E&P segment, driven by lower oil and gas prices. Prices and margins were also the largest variants in our downstream segment. For all segments prices, margins and other market impacts decreased our earnings by nearly $4.4 billion in aggregate. This was partially offset by higher volumes, primarily in our E&P segment, and operating cost reductions of more than $400 million after-tax across the company. Slide seven outlines our cash flow performance. In the third quarter, we generated nearly $3 billion of cash from operations, including a small decrease in working capital. We had capital spend of $2.9 billion and dividends of $700 million. The other bar includes asset dispositions of $700 million, primarily related to the sale of our interest in the Keystone pipeline. Total debt remained essentially flat quarter-to-quarter. I am moving now to a review of our segment performance, starting with total company production on slide eight. Overall E&P production was up 2.2% or 43,000 BOE per day versus last year. In aggregate, market factors contributed 8000 BOE per day, due primarily to a benefit from lower royalty volumes in North America, which was partially offset by market related voluntary gas curtailments which began in late August. This included deferral of some new well hookups, as well as selected production curtailments. The total impact related to these actions was approximately 70 million cubic feet a day for the quarter. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately 300 million cubic feet a day of gas curtailed across North America. Moving to the left, planned maintenance was higher compared to last year, primarily in the U.K. and Norway. This was partially offset by improved volumes due to the absence of hurricane impacts versus last year. In our operations category, production from new projects more than offset decline and other operational factors and contributed a positive 57,000 BOE per day. When you add our share of LUKOIL production, which is an estimated 424,000 BOE per day, total company production was slightly above 2.2 million BOE per day for the quarter. Now turning to slide nine, total E&P earnings for the third quarter were nearly $1 billion, down from $3.9 billion last year. The tables on the bottom of the slide breakout the earnings variances by geographic area and by price realizations. On a percentage basis, U.S. earnings are down by nearly $1.3 billion or 80% versus last year, while international earnings are down by $1.7 billion or 72%. These changes are generally in line with the changes in realized prices, which are shown on the right side of the table. Compared to last year, gas prices were down nearly 60%, crude prices were down some 40%, and NGL prices dropped by 50%. In total, lower prices negatively impacted earnings by around $3.5 billion. After including the price impacts on production taxes, the overall decrease was slightly over $3.1 billion, which is shown by the second bar from the left on the chart. The higher production, combined with reversal of the under-lift position from the second quarter, resulted in nearly a $350 million increase to earnings. Operating cost reductions contributed nearly another $200 million to earnings. The other bar primarily reflects the absence of asset disposition benefits seen last year and a small foreign currency loss compared to a gain last year. We also had higher dry hole costs this quarter, primarily related to the Kontiki well in the Browse Basin. The R&M earnings variance is shown on slide 10. Although, our sequential results were better and we were able to generate positive net income this quarter, overall refining margins remained challenged. Compared to last year, realized margins reduced earnings by more than $1 billion. The decrease was particularly acute in our international business as the realized margins dropped by 67%, driven primarily by a similar reduction in the market crack. Although, overall refining volumes were up, this was more than offset by lower marketing volumes due primarily to the disposition of retail assets. Lower operating costs improved earnings by around $180 million, due primarily to lower utility costs and some operational savings. The improvement in the other bar is due to the absence of foreign currency losses, partially offset by an accrual for a tax related audit. I will now move to slide 11, which shows the variances for our LUKOIL segment. LUKOIL earnings were $545 million for the quarter, up 24% versus last year. Estimated operating results reduced earnings by some $90 million, reflecting the impact of lower prices, partially offset by the lower export and extraction taxes and higher volumes. The net change in the true-up of our estimated results to LUKOIL's reported results was a benefit of $135 million, which includes $33 million from the second quarter 2009 true-up. The reported results also have a current quarter benefit of approximately $50 million related to basis amortization compared to a loss of $25 million last year. Slide 12 shows the variances for all our other segments. In Midstream, we experienced lower results due to significantly lower NGL prices, slightly offset by higher volumes. Our share of CPChem results were $58 million higher due to lower operating costs and higher utilization rates, partially offset by lower margins. Corporate expenses were $283 million after tax for the quarter, generally in line with last year. That completes my review of our third quarter results. I will wrap up with some comments on our year-to-date business plan performance and outlook beginning on slide 13. The boxes along the top show the focus areas that we outlined in March, along with some specific areas of emphasis under each box. The red bar on the bottom of the slide shows a high level assessment of where we are in achieving these objectives. On the capital optimization effort, we outlined a lower capital budget for 2009 to live within our means while still funding key growth initiatives and preserving option value in our asset base. This proved difficult in the first half of the year, as low prices and working capital increases resulted in lower cash flow and somewhat higher debt levels. However, as you saw earlier in the cash flow slide, results are significantly improved, and we now expect yearend debt levels to decline the balance of the year. On our cost reduction efforts, we expected to see cost reductions back to or below our 2007 levels, which represented a 10% reduction versus 2008. Our goal was based on capturing market driven reductions, along with driving self-help opportunities. Through the third quarter, we have achieved our full year objective and continue to seek additional cost reduction opportunities. Our final focus area is on operational excellence, which remains a key competitive strength. As you will see on the next slide, we are driving strong operational results, which have helped lessen the impact of commodity price decreases. Slide 14 provides you some highlights of some of our key operational results so far this year. With production up more than 5% year-to-date versus the same period last year, we have exceeded the target communicated in March due to strong performance in our base assets and a significant amount of new production from major projects. In addition, as I noted, we have achieved our full year operating cost reduction target, representing a 14% reduction versus last year. We are also continuing to progress our key growth projects such as Canadian Oil Sands, QG3 and APLNG that will drive production growth in the future. On the exploration front, we have delivered several key successes in our refocused exploration program, as well as enhanced our future portfolio with new positions in Indonesia, Coal Bed Methane in China and Shale Gas in Poland. Finally, in early October, we announced a 6% increase to our quarterly dividend. I will conclude my remarks with slide 15, which provides an outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect full year E&P production to be 1.85 million BOE per day or more than 3% higher than full year 2008. Our global refining utilization for the fourth quarter is expected to be in the upper 70% range, primarily reflecting an expectation that our [Wilhelmshaven] refinery will be in turnaround for the majority of the quarter. In the fourth quarter, we expect to resume premium coke production at Humber and Lake Charles based on increasing product demand. During the fourth quarter, we also plan to draw down discretionary inventory positions that have been held during the year in response to Contango market opportunities. These positions have negatively impacted working capital and earnings year-to-date due to mark-to-market accounting. We expect to realize a benefit of around $1.5 billion in cash and $150 million in earnings related to this draw down. With respect to some of our major projects, in the fourth quarter, we will see incremental benefit from the startup of our North Belut field in the Natuna Sea, as well as improvements in clean product yield at the San Francisco refinery due to the recent startup of the new hydrocracker. We made the final investment decision for further expansion on Christina Lake 1D and are nearing final investment decision on Surmont Phase 2. On the exploration front, the operator of the Tiber exploration well [BP], announced its giant Gulf of Mexico deepwater discovery during the third quarter. We also had the Shenandoah discovery earlier in the year and are currently drilling the Rickenbacker Prospect which is located near by the (inaudible) discovery. Also, in the lower 48, we have been encouraged by recent drilling results in the Eagle Ford Shale, where we hold a sizable low cost acreage position. In the Browse Basin in Australia, we have spun an appraisal well of the Poseidon discovery announced earlier. We expect to reach TD on this well in the first quarter of next year. Finally, late in the fourth quarter, we expect to spud a well in Laurentian Basin in offshore Canada near Newfoundland. This concludes my overview of the third quarter results and the fourth quarter outlook. I will now turn the call over to Jim, who will elaborate on our strategic guidance provided a few weeks ago.
Jim Mulva: Okay, Sig. Thank you. Earlier this month, we did put out a media release regarding our program to enhance our returns using normalized assumptions for our portfolio. This was a two-year program, but it is more than two years. It will continue beyond. So, what I would like to do in this conference call is give you a little bit more information on what we just announced. If you look at ConocoPhillips, we've created the company you see today over the past 10 years, and we certainly believe we have the scope and size to compete. We have the technology and the people to compete. But the business environment has quite dramatically changed here recently in the last 12 months to 18 months. First, as everyone knows, we are going through a very deep worldwide recession and its impact on the credit markets. And then the other very important point is access continues and will be an issue for companies like ConocoPhillips and international oil companies. So, we started our response to this different business environment in the latter part of 2008 and early 2009 by constraining our capital program to $12.5 billion and delivered within our means. So, what we announced in October was really a continuation of what we started in late 2008, early 2009. As a company, we have 50 billion barrels equivalent of resources to develop, and so it is important for us to really have our eye on the 50 billion barrels of resources how we can develop and commercialize them. We will continue as an international integrated company, but as we announced, we will be somewhat smaller. Our emphasis will be on return enhancement over growth, and let me explain why. First of all, as I said, we have resources and the portfolio of opportunities to do and to develop our company, for us it is really a prioritization of which projects we really need and want to do, which is going to have the impact on improving our return on capital employed. As I said, the business environment has changed dramatically. Access is and will continue to be quite an issue. So, what can you expect from us over the next several years? Well, as I said, the objective is to enhance the portfolio and the returns in our portfolio. We are going to do this by constraining our capital spending in 2010 to $11 billion. We have done exhaustive reviews over the last six months with respect to our portfolio, our opportunities under all different pricing environments, and we believe $11 billion is really the sweet spot for us in terms of our capital spending given the business environment in 2010. We intend to sell $10 billion of non-strategic assets over the two-year period of 2010 to 2011. And the asset dispositions is not dependent upon the commodity markets up or down or crack spreads. This is just a plan that we intend to be doing over the next two years. A substantial part of the asset dispositions will be directed towards debt reduction, as we might get back toward our 20% to 25% debt ratio. We think and believe that annual increases in dividends is a very important discipline for our company and is recognized and our shareholders like to see that. In terms of our capital spending of $11 billion, about 90% of the $11 billion will go to the development of Exploration & Production, and we do not see any real reduction in our exploration spend, as we organically believe that we have the opportunities and we are really improving on the exploration aspect of the company. The 10% of the $11 billion will be directed towards the downstream, and that is really towards maintenance capital and not really much for growth. With the above, you can see strategically, and we will share more of this at the Analyst Meeting in the early part of 2010. We are going to be moving E&P towards nearly 80% of our portfolio with time in terms of what we dispose and how we spend nearly 90% of our capital towards E&P with downstream with time moving towards 15% to 20% of the portfolio. Doing the things that I have outlined, we expect that we will replace our reserves after we give consideration of the asset dispositions that we will be making over the next two-year period of time. And the replacement of reserves are going to come from existing opportunities, discrete projects we have, not from assumed exploration success. And in the latter part of the next several years, we will see some growth from this after we make our dispositions. There will be some growth in production and that will be in the latter part of this several years. And we will share more of that with respect to you when we meet with the financial community in the early part of 2010. 40% plus of our reserve adds over the next several years will be coming from a very strong position in the oil sands of Canada, and I suspect there may be some questions about the oil sands in Canada and Sig has some metrics. We have very good metrics in terms of what we are currently doing and expect to do with the oil sands. So, what is it that we are thinking of selling? Well, I'm not going to go through the exhaustive or complete list, but I'm going to give you some indication of what we have in mind. For the last five years, we have received a great deal of interest in our 9% ownership interest in Syncrude. We are not the operator. It is a good investment, but we think that there is plenty of interest. And so, we are going to be looking and testing the market on our 9% of Syncrude, and you can expect that early part of next year. We will also be looking at disposing the bottom 10% of our North American E&P position. That is Canada and the lower 48. On the downstream we will be looking primarily in the U.S. on downstream pipelines and terminals. In terms of the Southern North Sea assets, primarily gas, we think that certain of these assets may be of more interest to someone else than to ourselves. And then, there are quite a number of things that we are looking at that we have on our list, but either for competitive or confidential reasons, we really don't feel it is appropriate to comment at this point in time, but there will be more information, as we go through 2010. I'm merely trying to give you some more information from our media release. So, what we are going to be concentrating on the early part of 2010. With respect to refineries, it is not a very good market to part with or sell refineries. And so that is not in our $10 billion program, although, if we have an opportunity, we certainly will be looking at disposition of the less sophisticated refineries or less competitive refineries. So, what we do have in mind is that we believe that the refining market will improve somewhat from what we have experienced here, such that we will be looking at disposition of refineries in the years 2012 to 2013. So, the plan that you see on asset dispositions in 2010 and 2011, we will continue to always look at how we can continue to improve and upgrade the return enhancement of our portfolio. So by prioritizing our future investments, the asset dispositions and cost constraint, why we expect that over this two-year period of time there will be a several point improvement in our return on capital employed using normalized assumptions. And when we look at normalized assumptions, we are using $70 WTI, $5 Henry Hub natural gas price and $5 Gulf Coast cracks spread. And that's a comparison of several percent improvement on these normalized assumptions by following this program versus not following the program. So, some will say that what we are doing is essentially shrinking to grow. That can be a fair assessment, but what I would really like to stress is what we are doing is return enhancement and not stressing growth as much as we have had in the past because we have the resources to develop, and as well as the business environment access speed and issue is why we are embarking upon the program that we have outlined. So, those are the comments. Clayton, I think it is time to open up for questions.
Clayton Reasor: If there are some people who would like to ask a question we will be prepared to take them now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Doug Terreson. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Terreson: Jim, on the divestiture program, you mentioned that there are several interested parties in Syncrude, which is not surprising. And so, while I realize it is early, can you talk a little bit about the level of interest on the other portions of the initial $10 billion package?
Jim Mulva: Well, it is a little premature to tell, but we would not have them in the package if we did not think we had really some interest in it. We have demonstrated the Keystone pipeline we sold earlier several months ago. There is quite an interest from TransCanada. So, we will be looking at some of the pipelines for instance, the REX pipeline. We are very pleased that it is essentially close to completion and starting up. But from a strategic point of view, we don't need that. We think there will be a fair degree of interest in that. With the commodity markets, we believe that the bottom 10% of our North American portfolio will have a lot of interest, and we have received a lot of phone calls and interest in that. So, we look at that as cleanup. Essentially, what it does is it really moves some of these properties to someone that sees a lot more value than we do ourselves. And then, in Southern North Sea gas, we know there is a lot of interest in that. So, I would have to say it's just the response we have already seen and received that there is a lot of interest in this. So, we think that what we have in mind is achievable.
Doug Terreson: That is a good sign. And just second, during the past decade, all of the super majors have sought investment in Russia with the expectation that economic conditions would justify doing so, although, the reality has been somewhat more challenging. So, I wanted to see if you would comment on your strategic thinking towards your position in Russia, which has turned out well in relation to a lot of the competitors. And it is obviously significant because it is around $11 billion in the market today. So, would you comment on that on your thinking there?
Jim Mulva: Well, we have had a great relationship and do with LUKOIL and with the Russian authorities. And I think, it is probably most appropriate that I would say, we recognize what is taking place and the opportunities in oil with respect to Russia. But I think the appropriate and right response is really that we intend to maintain a strategic relationship with LUKOIL.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Kessler. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Kessler: Good morning guys, I wanted to see if you might spend a little bit more time clarifying the 300 million cubic feet a day of North American natural gas that shut is in. Specifically, I'm wondering, if you can give us some color around the illogic on shutting that in? Is it just a price driven shut-in? It looks like it happened around, say, 250, yes, and as a consequence, should we think of that as the cash breakeven threshold for roughly 10% of your North American production, or was there some other logistical constraint at play there? And then also, if you could provide some color around the geographic split of the production that was shut-in?
Jim Mulva: Sure. I would be happy to, Robert. First of all, the decision was made as you premised correctly basically on a price related decision. It really had nothing to do with the cost aspect of it. We made a decision based on the expectation that we could realize significantly higher prices in the near-term of those August to September lows, which would more than offset the cost of shutting in. You might ask, why did we shut-in 300 million? Basically it came down to a do-ability issue. We looked at several factors in determining which properties we were going to curtail, the cost of shutting in, partner alignment, reservoir suitability, decline characteristics and contractual obligations, and we made a value based judgment taking all these factors into consideration. As far as the split goes, it was about 2/3 in Canada and about 1/3 in the lower 48. And as far as kind of the cost basis, our cost to production, variable cost of production is very low and sub $2, so it was not a cost issue.
Robert Kessler: And then, you mentioned 300 offline at the end of the quarter, any comment as to what that rate is now, how much it might still be offline, or given that gas prices have doubled off the lows, have you brought some of that back online?
Jim Mulva: Yes, we started bringing some of it back on this month, and I would think in November that the lion's share of it would be back on production.
Robert Kessler: Thanks for that clarification.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Flannery. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Flannery: Thanks. I would like to talk about the cost reductions that you mentioned in the release and on the call. The 14% year-over-year cost reduction, could you split out for us how much of that was lower energy and utility costs and how much was down your own self-help actions? And maybe comment on, is there anymore self-help you can do to push that cost reduction program forward in 2010?
Jim Mulva: Sure, Mark. I would be happy to. I think what we alluded to earlier in the second quarter call the same percentages basically hold true that we were looking at about 70% of the cost reductions due to market impacts, and that is split between FX and other commodity prices, utilities and fuel. On the E&P side, most of the improvements are coming from FX, and on the refining and marketing side, most of the improvements are coming from the utility side. So a little bit different composition between the segments there. So, the balance is really kind of self-help initiatives and cost control initiatives. We continue to pursue aggressively cost reductions across the board in working with our service providers and our other suppliers out there. So, we will continue to work the cost numbers going forward. I would say that some of the cost reductions are starting to moderate certainly compared to the first of the year, but we still see room for improvements.
Mark Flannery: I wonder, if I could just jam in a quick follow-up on the cost of gas in North America. You mentioned the variable cost of production was under $2. Do you have an average idea for us what the capital costs associated with maintaining that level of production is for the portfolio as a whole?
Sig Cornelius: Well, I think, yes, I assume you're talking about what kind of capital we need to reinvest to keep production flat. We have not worked it to that level. We do know we have the inventory and the portfolio that we could not only keep production flat but grow production, and really it comes down to kind of a value question. So, it is just not strictly a capital question. It really is there value in pursuing either flat growth, flat or growth at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Sankey: Hi, good morning, everyone. Jim, if I think about the program, the ultimate aim is to raise returns. But you're not selling refining because the market is too poor. Surely a lot of the assets that you are selling here are relatively high return assets, and therefore, it is going to be dilutive on your returns, at least certainly in the near-term, to sell these assets?
Jim Mulva: Well, you make a good point. The improvement in return is really going to come from where we invest our money and where we don't invest. So the projects going forward that don't have the returns that we need. So, it really doesn't come from asset dispositions. The return enhancement on normalized assumption is really going to come from where we invest and where we don't invest. And then also, we believe, as Sig indicated, that we will continue to make a modest improvement in our cost reduction. I think I would say on the cost issue, we are going to be even a lot more aggressive, continue to be a lot more aggressive. And the question is, how much are we going to be able to sustain? But our targets are to do at least as good as costs, we had back in 2007.
Paul Sankey: Right. And not investing I guess thinking as well in the context of $11 billion a year of spending, which I think is an ongoing guidance as opposed to just 2010. There are really four major projects that come to mind that would be difficult to fit within that $11 billion level. One would be Wilhelmshaven, another would be Yanbu, another would be Abu Dhabi, and the last one would be Origin. Would those be the ones that you were thinking about pulling back from? Thanks.
Jim Mulva: In terms of the capital spend, you are correct. The last several years other than unusual items we have been spending $14 billion, $15 billion a year. I think the guidance going forward is you can expect us to be in the $11 billion range over the next several years. It will tend to trend up a little bit after several years, but I think the guidance is, you should be looking at $11 billion. In terms of investment decisions, the investment decisions regarding Yanbu and Shaw are going to be coming up in the first quarter, maybe the latter part of the first quarter, early second quarter of this next year. And so, those projects are going to have to meet our return expectations and there is not a lot of money in our $11 billion program for those projects at this point in time. In term of Wilhelmshaven given the market conditions and all we really don't have money in our $11 billion program next year, so you can expect that as likelihood that that look at deferred. In terms of our Queensland project with Origin, that is a project that we really feel quite strong about in terms of resource, capability, the cost. And the real question for us is, we are working very hard and our expectations of selling LNG, and for competitive reasons we would rather not go into that. But you are not going to see too much change at all in our plans with respect to development of the project in Queensland.
Paul Sankey: Right. And then, you have really highlighted the word organic, which I guess rules out the expansion from an acquisition point of view. But I understand from the $11 billion base you would be looking at around a 1% volume growth aspiration kind of going forward from that lower base, which would then, I guess, be returns accreted?
Jim Mulva: That is right. And I think what you will see from us, and it is early at this point in time, but our thought is that from a new base of production after we look at dispositions, holding our production at a plateau and then in the subsequent years raising it 1% or 2%. So, the description of shrink to grow is pretty valid.
Paul Sankey: Yeah, and if I think upon the fact that you said that the initial interest has been very strong, I am concerned that the $10 billion program involve that marketing assets well an excessive $10 billion value which by extension could mean that you generate more than $10 billion of proceeds and if I continue, I would then say that that would take you beyond the pay down of debt aspiration you have. Would you then get into buyback?
Sig Cornelius: Well, I think you make a good point. So, we have a list of assets, it is quite exhaustive that goes quite a bit more than $10 billion. Because we don't know which assets someone would really have more interest in, and we can get a better price for than another. And we also want to make sure that it is tax efficient from that point of view. So, to the extent a number of people look at going forward your consensus views on what the market expectations will be, and quite a few people see some pretty strong free cash flow for our company, as we go into 2010 and 2011 with these assumptions and spending $11 billion. If the market gets much, much stronger, meaning oil prices, crack spreads or gas prices. Well, you may see us increasing our capital a couple of hundred million dollars or so, and those would make sense because their quick drilling opportunities are all that we would do. So, the free cash flow that comes, debt is not an issue in terms technically or with the cost of the debt, but as we bring the debt down and reach our objectives, and what can we do with our cash flow? Well, we said, we wanted to increase our dividends annually. So then, after we have satisfied our capital spending say a little bit more than $11 billion, we are certainly reaching and getting our debt down, raising our dividends, and we will consider a share repurchase. You are right.
Paul Sankey: Great. And then, if I could just clarify an early question. We are saying that you will not be selling out of any of the LUKOIL state? Thanks, I will leave it there. Thank you.
Jim Mulva: Well, what I said is, we will maintain our strategic relationship with LUKOIL.
Sig Cornelius: I think we said also that the $10 billion in asset sales don't include any of the LUKOIL share.
Paul Sankey: Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil McMahon. Please proceed with your question.
Neil McMahon: Hi, just a few. Just looking at exploration catalysts, you have mentioned the Rickenbacker prospect that is drilling. When do you expect that to finish drilling? And just looking out over the next six to nine months, apart from the Poseidon appraisal well, what other exploration catalysts have you got coming up, and I have got a few follow-ups?
Sig Cornelius: Sure. I think the Rickenbacker well is scheduled to TD early next year. And that we have a 45% interest in that well operated by Anadarko. The Poseidon well, I mentioned it is going to TD, we anticipate the first quarter of next year as well. I mentioned the Laurentian well on the call in my prepared remarks. That is the well-off Canada in the Newfoundland area. So that is a highlight well that you should watch from a portfolio standpoint. And then block-in, yes, that will be a 2010 drilling and block-in. Of course, we'll have the analyst call before then, and we can go through all the exploration catalysts and high profile wells then.
Neil McMahon: Great. Just a quick one on you mentioned some of the refineries have starting to produce premium coke again indicating that demand is coming back. Are you really seeing that across the spectrum apart from gasoline in the U.S.? Are you getting any indication whatsoever regionally that diesel demand or distillate demand is coming back?
Sig Cornelius: We are starting to see some moderate improvement, but it is sluggish. And certainly the premium coke market, as you probably know, is kind of a niche market opportunity, but does indicate some strength in the overall economy starting to improve.
Neil McMahon: And the last one for Jim. Jim, what you have outlined is pretty radical change based on what we are seeing from some of your peers. Do you think this sort of signals end of the large integrated business model? It seems like the investors have reached this conclusion some time ago. Maybe you could just give us your thoughts on what made you go down this route and what you think it means for the rest of the industry? And potentially could we see this as a strategy others might follow down the road as the integrated model continues to be not one shareholders want to buy into?
Jim Mulva: Well, you make an interesting point. And I guess, Neil, what I would say is, it is difficult for me to talk and not appropriate for other companies. But I think the industry and our company we have noticed that our access is just not what it used to be, and there is no indication that access is going to change in terms of the opportunities. They become more challenged in the expense of capital and the returns that you achieve. And I think, we distinguish ourselves to some extent. We have got some very large positions already that we have put in place and developed over the last 10 years. So, we really, and the terms and conditions associated with them are really pretty attractive compared to what the access opportunities we see going forward. So for us, it really dictates for the value creation for the shareholder a different model. We continue to be an international integrated company, but I think we are going to be somewhat smaller. So, what it really argues for, at least for our company is a somewhat smaller company, but still have the capability of doing things, will create a lot more value for the shareholder than distressing the growth and taking the opportunities that are available in terms of access. So, I think longer-term, I can't speak for the other companies, but it is time, it has really changed compared to the prior decades. I think it is going to take a somewhat different model. This is the right approach for us over the next number of years, and I think international oil companies are going to have to really look at a somewhat different model by which how do they participate in work with national oil companies and sovereigns with respect to this issue of access and development of returns. If it is not there, well, then obviously the companies will get somewhat smaller.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gammel. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Gammel: I think you wanted to come back to the exploration program. Can you talk qualitatively about what you have done to increase your internal capabilities and then possibly also the asset portfolio that has led you to become more comfortable with increasing the investment in the exploration program? And then, address possibly when you would expect to see contributions from the exploration program to the 1% to 2% production growth target that you talked about earlier today?
Sig Cornelius: Well, that is a lot of aspect to that question, Jason, but I will try to give you some color to it. First of all, we bought in different people going to starting with the top. Larry Archibald is our new Exploration Manager, as you probably know. Larry came in and was asked to kind of take a look of what we have been doing from an exploration program standpoint, our portfolio, our people and kind of look at it from a top-down. I think Larry would tell you that it wasn't a major overhaul, but basically kind of tweaks from a standpoint of reemphasizing different things, looking for different plays, higher impact plays where there was more running room for the company if we were successful. So a company our size needed to have a higher percentage exposure to those kind of plays versus drilling a lot to put it in baseball terms, singles as opposed to what I'm referring to there is basically the kind of closed in low risk exploration drilling around some of our existing assets. So, there was a little bit of a mindset change, a little bit of a different allocation of where the capital was going. And then, as far as winter, we are starting to see some results. I think we are already starting to see some very encouraging results, and I would point to the Poseidon discovery and also the Tiber discovery in the Gulf of Mexico, as well as the Shenandoah discovery that I referred to.
Jim Mulva: I think with respect to Sig's comment and I would add a further point, not only do we feel we have the people with the processes, but we are really looking out, we are getting some interesting access to acreage. For instance, shale plays in Poland, Coal Bed Methane in China. The other thing, we would say is it is not necessarily increasing our spending in exploration, as we maintain our spending in exploration compared to 2008. So, even though, we are constraining and cutting back our capital spending, we are going to continue our exploration effort at the same level essentially as what we did in 2009. So, it is not increasing, but it is not cutting.
Jason Gammel: A fair point. Maybe just as a follow-up, I believe this you referenced the Eagle Ford Shale in the press release today. Would you be able to talk about any progress you have made it on a joint venture for that acreage, whether you would be willing to give up operatorship on that acreage, and maybe either how many wells you have drilled, or how many rigs you are running in the play?
Sig Cornelius: Sure. I'd be happy to. I referred to some successful results that we've had recently on our well, our last well, the Brodsky A7 well. We had online for relatively short period of time but we are very encouraged it's got a flow rate of nearly four million cubic feet a day, but more importantly around 1500 barrels a day of compensate. So that has been part of our strategy to focus on plays that have a very high these shale plays that have a very high liquid content, obviously very important on the economics. We have a very substantial position there, close to 300,000 acres when you consider our interest in the Eagle Ford and the adjoining Austin Chalk play. You are correct. We have been entertaining some offers for potential farm out of our position, but we are not going to farm it out unless we see a compelling value proposition. So far we have not seen that so.
Jason Gammel: Great. Any comments on how many rigs you might be running there?
Sig Cornelius: Right now, we are just running one rig. And as we get into next year, because we're still in the learning mode, we haven't drilled that many wells in the play. But every well that we drill like other shales, we are learning as we go, and we will ramp up in due course.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti. Please proceed with your questions.
Arjun Murti: Jim, can you provide any quick update on Iraq? I think various pressure points have at times had you winning and then maybe not winning West Qurna. Where do things stand for you all in Iraq right now?
Jim Mulva: Well, it is probably not going to be all that satisfactory response to you, because what I'm going to do is essentially say that we are just not going to comment or speculate on ongoing discussions or negotiations taking place with respect to Iraq on West Qurna. As a company, we think we certainly would like to be in Iraq. We have interests in the second round of looking at the opportunities in the second round as well as, although, there is not a third round, what ultimately will come after the second round. But as it relates to the issue of West Qurna-1, we are just not going to comment or speculate at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Gilman: A couple of things if I could, please. Jim, how are you defining the bottom 10% of the U.S. Canadian gas production base? Is that production, is it reserves, is it some other metric?
Jim Mulva: I think it is existing production in terms of what the high cost, what kind of cash flow and income we get from it, and does it have any really potential upside in our opinion. That is what we are really talking about. It is the old 80/20 rule. You know, 80% of what we is really good for us, it really drives the results, come from 20% of the positions, and so we just look at that bottom 10%. We think, we can sell a couple of billion dollars worth of value, and it probably will have more value to someone else from their view than it does to us.
Mark Gilman: And just somewhat similarly, in terms of the Southern Basin U.K. gas acreage and opportunities, put a number on that in terms of scale.
Jim Mulva: No, I would rather not do that, but we just look at it. We have been there for a very long period of time, one of the pioneers in the whole area. It's just pretty mature. Its going to take a fair degree of capital spend going forward and maintenance, and there are other people who we think that can do that have more interest in doing that than we do.
Mark Gilman: With respect to the Eagle Ford position that was the subject of a couple of prior questions, how much of that acreage position is held by production as opposed to acquired specifically for Eagle Ford potential?
Sig Cornelius: Mark, the majority of that acreage is term leasehold, and we have the option of maintaining it through drilling, lease extension or renewals. So
Jim Mulva: So, let say they got outlined over the last several months or actually over the last year or two to develop quite a position. And it started with Burlington. They got into this position, and we have continued to access and get more acreage at a pretty low price over the last several years before it has really developed into promise. We have money in our exploration program that we can clearly ramp up, what we see as the opportunities in Eagle Ford, and we have also been doing a lot of seismic work and technology work. And so, all we are really sharing with you is to some extent a change in direction. It just looks a lot more promising to us. And so before we part with acreage, we are going to make sure that we really know and have what we have. And, as Sig said, if we part with some acreage, it's going to be lot better terms than we thought even recently.
Mark Gilman: So, can I assume that the lion's share of it is held by prior production as opposed to having been recently acquired specifically for Eagle Ford potential?
Sig Cornelius: No, I think, Mark, as I said earlier, the majority of that acreage is term leasehold. So, there are some explorations on it, and that is one of the things that we have to consider as we plan for the next couple of years.
Jim Mulva: Yes, we are going to have to ramp up our drilling.
Mark Gilman: Is there any broader partnership in place with BP regarding participation of a Lower Tertiary in terms of exploratory licenses, or is Tiber more of a one-off?
Sig Cornelius: Right now it's just a one-off.
Mark Gilman: Okay. One final one for me if I could. Interest expense ramped up very significantly pre-tax in the quarter. Is this at all associated with the indicated redemption of the Ashford Energy interest?
Sig Cornelius: No, interest expense I think if you are comparing quarter-to-quarter from a year ago, it just reflects a higher level of debt that we are carrying –
Mark Gilman: I'm comparing against prior quarters this year.
Jim Mulva: Well, we have refunded out some long-term debt versus commercial paper that might be part of it.
Sig Cornelius: That probably is.
Mark Gilman: Okay, guys. Thanks very much.
Sig Cornelius: Yes, we can come back to you on that interest question. We will follow-up on that one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul Cheng: Jim, you are talking about assessed return I know you are not going to comment specifically on Iraq, but can you tell us for a resource basin like that, what kind of minimum return you will need in order for you to say, yes, it is a good project for me to go into?
Jim Mulva: In Iraq?
Paul Cheng: Yes.
Jim Mulva: Well, I think you have got to be looking well in excess of mid-teens towards the 20 levels.
Paul Cheng: And you also have said that refinery that is another good market out there that you sell, and some of the independent refiners like [Funaro] and Sunoco have been looking at shutting down their facility on a permanent basis. Have you done any strategic review on your portfolio and identified perhaps that some of your facilities may need to go through a more aggressive strategic review?
Jim Mulva: Well, I did say we are going through a more strategic assessment because there are some that are less sophisticated that we think long-term when the market gets a little bit better for selling some refineries we think that is going to be subsequent to the next two years for 2012, 2013. We have in mind a number of facilities that we think might have some value to someone else. But we think the time to do that is not now. So, we have done and continue to do quite a strategic assessment. Now, in the day's market some of the less sophisticated refineries will make adjustments to production to respond to the market. So, we need to really recover our variable costs or we start cutting back production.
Paul Cheng: So, in other words, I guess my question is that do you have any plan to permanently shut, not to sell but to shut-down any of your refinery? I guess that is my question.
Jim Mulva: Well, we don't see it at this point in time because we look at the marketplace and we also look at our cost structure, and so we don't have plans to shut anything down at this point in time. Permanently shut down anything. We have gone through some pretty extended turnarounds and all, but we do that because of the marketplace it is a good time to do it.
Paul Cheng: And a final question. Maybe this is for Sig. Sig, versus the second quarter, your upstream unit cost has gone up?
Sig Cornelius: Well, I think you might be looking at the DD&A and taxes other than income and when you look at the total cost. Because controllable costs are certainly, controllable costs as we look at them are down. But we can come back with you on some specifics there. Let us follow-up on that one.
Paul Cheng: That would be great because when we're looking at that, your oil and gas price realization sequentially may be up about somewhere in the $6 or so, $5 to $6. But your unit profitability looks like only about $1.00 per BOE. So, I mean, your tax is not 70% or 80%. So, I mean, there seems like that there is something we are missing here.
Sig Cornelius: It could be foreign exchange. It could be the DD&A. Let us do some work and come back to you Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio. Please proceed with your question.
Evan Calio: Hi guys, thanks for taking my call. Many questions have been addressed in the Q&A and the comments, but maybe a broader question for Jim and a follow-up on your other industry comments. In your broader strategic assessment here to drive shareholder value, could you share with us your thoughts on regarding the value of integration of the upstream and the downstream business? And maybe excluding Borger and Wood River, share any of your thoughts on any broader asset separation if it could be conducted in a tax efficient manner? Thanks.
Jim Mulva: Well, when you say integrated operations, we certainly have a very strong joint venture that we are pleased with EnCana (inaudible). We believe we are in the strongest SAGD projects with our (inaudible) at Foster Creek and Christina Lake. And then we tie in Wood River and the Borger refinery. In terms of the opportunities of doing that kind of transaction with other people, it seems there is nothing immediately that comes to mind. But, on the other hand there could be some interest by sovereigns or national oil companies that would like to have positions and access to markets. So I think it's a little bit different than the EnCana transaction. But no, I don't think we see, necessarily that we linked E&P with the downstream in terms of integration. Historically, there is one period of time one might do another. It takes volatility out of earnings, but I don't think the argument of the need for integration is as strong as it was decades ago. Which is why we are really moving toward the strategy and portfolio that's ultimately 80% E&P and lessening back down over a number of years by investment, ultimately some dispositions of refining capacity towards 15% to 20% downstream. So, our answer is we don't see that it's linked anymore.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez. Please proceed with your question.
Blake Fernandez: Two quick ones for you if I may. The first I was trying to see if we could get an update on the detail and timing of the growth opportunities in the Christina Lake development? And then secondly, I guess this kind of ties in with Mark's previous question on the Lower Tertiary. But just given your new emphasis on higher impact type of wells and your recent success with Tiber, is it fair to assume that, that will be an area of focus or potential expansion going forward?
Jim Mulva: Yeah the oil sands in general in Canada we are very pleased with and we basically see a progression ramp-up over the next several years, including Foster Creek, Christina Lake and now Surmont. And then we follow-on opportunities outside of those projects, namely Thornbury, Clyden and Saleski. So we have a very long runway here for oil sands projects. These projects are sanctioned kind of project-by-project. Each individual project kind of rule of thumb is about 30,000 barrels of oil per day, once it reaches full production. The ramp takes several years to ramp-up to productions. For instance, we will probably sanction the Surmont project, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, sometime this quarter. That will reach full production about 2012. So, it just takes that long to kind of ramp-up. But then we'll produce essentially flat for the next 30 or 40 years. So, as it relates to Foster Creek, Christina Lake, we produced net out of there around 43,000 BOEs in the third quarter. That's going to go up probably close to 50 in the fourth quarter. And then by 2011, that will be in the 55,000 to 60,000 net range. So, that should give you some feel for the oil sands development opportunities that we have in place. And your other question was about exploration?
Blake Fernandez: Yeah, on the Lower Tertiary. Just, as you mentioned given the focus toward more high impact type of wells and your initial success out in the Lower Tertiary, just did not know if that would be an area where you might consider expanding.
Sig Cornelius: Yes, it is. We continue to be active in the lease sales and look to do additional farm-in opportunities. But we also have some existing positions that we are looking to bring partners in with us so.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session of today's conference call. I will now turn the presentation back over to Mr. Clayton Reasor for any closing remarks.
Clayton Reasor: Okay. I would just like to thank everybody for their participation in today's call. You'll find a recording of the presentation and slides on our website. I do appreciate your listening in and your interest in the company. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Clayton Reasor - VP, Corporate Affairs Sig Cornelius - SVP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Neil McMahon Evan Khalil [ph] Mark Flannery Arjun Murti Doug Leggate Jason Gammel Paul Cheng Robert Kessler Mark Gilman Powell Maltunal [ph]
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the second quarter 2009 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Keisha, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now like to turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, sir.
Clayton Reasor: Thanks, Keisha. Well good morning to everybody, and welcome to ConocoPhillips second quarter conference call. Joining me this morning is our Senior Vice President of Finance and CFO, Sig Cornelius. Earlier this morning, we issued our earnings press release and updated supplemental information package, and posted the slides we'll be using on this teleconference. You can find this information on our Web site. You may have noticed that we made some changes from what we've shared over the past several years regarding the content of our earnings release and the conference call slides. These changes were made with the intent to be more consistent with our SEC filings, without reducing the information you've received in the past. The most significant change is the use of year-over-year, rather than sequential variations, as the basis for discussing our most recent quarterly results. Before we get started, I need to direct you to our Safe Harbor statement on page two. This is our standard reminder that we're going to use for forward-looking statements that maybe made during our presentation in response to questions you may have. And our actual results may be materially different than the answers we provide today. The sources of those material differences can be found in our filings with the SEC. So now, I'll turn the call over to our Senior VP Finance and CFO, Sig Cornelius.
Sig Cornelius: Thanks, Clayton. I'll start my comments on page three, which shows a summary of our key operating and financial performance for the quarter. Earnings for the quarter were $1.3 billion or $0.87 per share, with cash from operations of $2.6 billion. We ended the quarter with debt of $30.4 billion, resulting in a debt to capital ratio of 34%, which is flat versus last quarter. Operationally, we delivered strong results. Compared to last year, E&P production was up by 7%. In addition, operating costs across the company were down by more than 15%, due to market improvements and other cost reduction initiatives. Although these factors were positive, the combined impact of continued low North American natural gas prices, and weak realized refining margins, created significant headwind for us. Turning now to page four, total earnings were down by 76% compared to last year. The slide shows changes in the various reporting segments. The biggest decrease was in our E&P segment, driven by lower oil and gas prices. Prices in margins were also the largest driver in our downstream segment, and resulted in a loss of $52 million compared to earnings to $664 million last year. For all segments, prices, margins, and other market impacts decreased our earnings by nearly $5.4 billion in aggregate. This was partially offset by higher volumes primarily in our E&P segment and after tax cost reduction benefits of more than $450 million across the company. Page five speaks to our cash flow performance. We generated $3 billion of cash from operations, excluding working capital changes. Working capital increased by $400 million this quarter, primarily related to timing of tax payments. These items, coupled with a capital spend $2.9 billion, and dividends of $700 million, resulted in an overall debt increase of $1 billion this quarter. I'm moving now to a review of our segment performance, starting with total company production on page six. Overall E&P production was up 7%, or 122,000 BOE per day versus last year. Market factors accounted for approximately 25% of this increase. This included positive PSC adjustments, and benefits from sliding scale royalty rates in Canada, which are partially offset by OPEC curtailments. Excluding these market impacts, production was up 92,000 BOE per day, or a little over 5%. In our operations category, production from new projects more than offset decline in other operational factors. We had a total increase of over 175,000 BOE per day from new developments and project start-ups. This includes YK in Russia, BritSats and other new wells in the UK, and other new wells in the UK, Alvheim in Norway and Su Tu Vang in Vietnam. We are also seeing production increases from our heavy oil projects in Canada. Finally, in the second quarter of this year, the new Bohai Bay FPSO came online. When you add our share of LUKOIL production, which is an estimated 442,000 BOE per day, the total company production was a little over 2.3 million BOE per day for the quarter. Now, turning to page seven, total E&P earnings for the second quarter were $725 million, down from $4 billion last year. The tables on the bottom of the page show the earnings variances by geographic area and changes in price realizations. On the left hand side, you can see that the earnings variances are fairly evenly split between US and international. Moving to the right side of the table, you can see that the significant decline in realized prices year-over-year. Compared to last year, natural gas and NGL prices were down around 60%. And crude oil prices were approximately 50% lower. In total, lower prices negatively impacted earnings by around $4.5 billion. After including the price impact on production taxes, the overall decrease was $3.9 billion, which is shown on the second bar from the left on the chart. Although production volumes were up 7%, our overall sales volumes were up only 5%, reflecting an over lift position in the second quarter of last year. This higher sales volume resulted in an increase to earnings of approximately $650 million. Overall, operating costs are lower, consistent with our performance in the first quarter. On a pre-tax basis, costs were down around $275 million compared to last year. Market factors such as foreign currency and utility rates, represented about 75% of the savings. The balance is due to savings and operations from lower activity levels, lower service cost, and portfolio changes, which is partially offset by higher cost for new production. The other bar includes two special items. First, we had an impairment of $51 million for the expropriation of our Ecuador assets, after we suspended operations there on July 16. In addition, we also booked a $37 million after tax asset retirement charge related to an incident on June 8th at our Ekofisk 24/W water injection platform. The other bar also reflects an after tax increase of $75 million in DD&A, predominately due to the increased production and major project start-ups that I referenced earlier. The R&M earnings variance is shown on page eight. It was a tough quarter for refining, as margins decreased significantly and demand remained weak, particularly for distillates. Compared to last year, the overall global market refining crack spread decreased by over 40%, resulting in a $1 billion earnings decrease for refining. As shown on the graph and the margins and other market impacts bar, overall margins were down by $770 million, reflecting some claw back from higher relative values for secondary co-products such as coke and fuel oil. US refining market capture were less that 50% this quarter, which is down compared to recent quarters and the second quarter of 2008. The main driver of this lower capture was low distillate margins and compressed light heavy crude differentials. Compared to the second quarter last year, distillate cracks were down over $20 per barrel. And heavy crude Sour differentials tightened by more than 70%. On the volume side, we have a 5% increase in global refining utilization compared to last year, due to continued weak harder scheming economics and optimization of margins based on market conditions. In addition, we also have higher turn around activity in our international operations this past quarter. Pre-tax operating costs were down around $400 million. This was fairly equally split between market factors and operational savings which included lower turn around costs, staff costs, and other maintenance and operating items. Included in the bar labeled other is a non-cash after tax impairment of $72 million primarily due to the allocation of goodwill to the pending sale of our interest in the Keystone Pipeline project. I'll now move to page nine, which shows the variances for local segments. Local earnings were $682 million for the quarter which is down 11% from last year. The biggest driver of the change is lower estimated prices and market impacts, which account for more than $500 million the decline. And is consistent with the results we are saying in E&P. Offsetting this market decline is a benefit from the true up of our estimated results to LUKOIL’s reported earnings, which occurs on a one quarter lag. In the second quarter last year we had a negative true up of $120 million compared to a positive true up of $192 million for this quarter. This gives us an overall true up delta of $312 million. The reported earnings also reflect a variance of $73 million related to basis amortization differences. Page ten shows the variances for all our other segments. In mid stream we experienced lower results. It is significantly lower LNG -- NGL prices and lower volumes. Our share of CPChem results were $50 million higher due to cost reductions and lower turnaround activities, which were partially offset by lower olefins and polyolefins margins. Corporate expenses were $157 million after tax for the quarter. Compared to last year, larger foreign currency gains and lower costs were partially offset by higher net interest expense. That completes the review of our second quarter results. I'll wrap up with some comments on our operational and strategic items that are shown on page 11. I'll start with our outlook for the balance of 2009. As a signaled last quarter, we expect E&P production to be up slightly for the full year, compared 2008. We expect to give back some of our year-to-date gains over the next two quarters, as we execute our normal seasonal maintenance programs and begin to see the impacts of reduced gas drilling activity in North America. Additionally, we are experiencing some unplanned decreases due to the Ekofisk platform incident and expropriation of our Ecuador interests. Our global refining utilization for the balance of the year is dependent on economic conditions. In an environment like we are experiencing today, we would expect it to be in the mid 80% range, averaged across the portfolio, with higher rates in the US and lower rates internationally. We are still assuming a capital program of $12.5 billion for the year. With respect to cost reductions, we have realized savings of around $900million pre-tax so far this year, excluding explorations. This compares to our full year objective of $1.4 billion. We set our full year objective based on an expectation that we would see benefits from the price environment, as well as operating savings from activity levels, service cost deflation, and personal reductions. So far this year, we've seen a benefit of around $800 million from market factors such as energy cost, utility rates and currency impacts. Operationally, our net reduction is around $100 million, which includes savings in our base operations. Partially offset by higher costs on our new E&P projects. Continuation on our market savings will depend on future commodity prices and currency rates. Given our current outlook, we expect to meet our full year target. Moving to an update on some of our projects, I mentioned earlier that new production from our major projects and developments are more than offsetting decline. The projects are performing in line with expectations and are on various stages of ramp up. We will continue to see volume increases in Canadian heavy oil projects, and in Bohai Bay as we move into next year and through 2011. In the third quarter we expect to bring on the North Belut field, which is part of our block B PSC in the Natuna Sea. On the downstream side, we plan to commission the new hydrocracker at our San Francisco refinery during the third quarter. After the unit comes online, we will see clean product yield increase by around 15% or more. And we'll also get a small increase in the amount of heavy sour crude that the refinery can process. On the exploration front, we are encouraged by the promising results from our Poseidon well and the Browse Basin of Australia. Additional (inaudible) drilling and testing will be needed to determine the size and commerciality of this discovery. We are currently drilling the Kontiki prospect in the same area, and we'll be going back for additional (inaudible) drilling on the Poseidon structure once this well is finished. During the quarter we executed the agreements for Block N in Kazakhstan. Our next step is to obtain seismic data with the goal of drilling in the later half of 2010 or early 2011 on this world class prospect. That completes my prepared remarks and I will now open the call for questions.
Clayton Reasor: Okay, Keisha, I don’t know if we’ve got some people interested in asking questions, but now would be the time.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from line of Neil McMahon [ph]. Please proceed.
Neil McMahon: Hi, Neil McMahon of Sanford Bernstein. Just a few questions, just looking at the chemicals results, a small in the overall scheme of things. Has the cost reduction there’d been a structural change? Or has it been driven more by your energy cost reduction over the first half of the year? I just wondered if it’s structural versus something like that could be actually changed based on input cost drivers. I’ve got a few other questions too.
Sig Cornelius: It’s primarily on the input cost. There had been some structural changes flow through with the JV, with the Dow [ph] and the styrenics. But that’s largely the environmental things that are flowing through.
Neil McMahon: Okay. Just turning to the Browse Basin, is there anything like -- you just started. I think you’re a week or two into the Kontiki well. Is there anything that you’ve come up with in the last few months, on Poseidon, that’s given you any additional information, versus when you had finished the drilling of the well? I need more clarification on that.
Sig Cornelius: No. No new information on the Poseidon well. As you might know, we had some operational difficulties that affected our ability to test that well, and we had to abandon the well. So we don’t have any further information to process at this point. We will be going back to the Poseidon structure after the Kontiki well is finished, which we anticipate will be in the next 60 or 90 days.
Neil McMahon: Do you think that when you do finish the Kontiki well, you’ll give any further information about the potential from both? Hopefully it’s a discovery for you as well, but from the first two wells -- because we haven’t had a news release from you yet on the drillings so far. 
Sig Cornelius: They are separate structures, so it will depend on how the drilling goes at that point, so that’s all I‘d say about it right now.
Neil McMahon: Just a last quick one on Yanbu, looks like yourselves and Aramco are going to contractors to sign up for the project. Is everything still in place in terms of the terms there and the timing?
Sig Cornelius: Yes. I think the press releases that Saudi Aramco and Total put out around their JV at Jubail, confirmed the BPC markets have improved and validated the joint decision that we made to resume the bidding process. We don’t have a specific price hurdle in mind for that project at this point, and FID will be taken sometime next year after we relook at the cost of bids, all the project premises at that time. So everything’s basically still in place and on schedule the way we had previously communicated.
Neil McMahon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Evan Khalil [ph]. Please proceed.
Evan Khalil: Good afternoon. And thank you for taking my call. I have two questions. One is a little follow-up on Neil’s call on Yanbu. Just to understand, did you and Saudi would jointly agree to proceed with the project when you see more numbers, meaning you have the ability to proceed or to not proceed if at that time you thought the project wasn’t going to be in your best interest?
Sig Cornelius: Yes, very definitely. That would be a joint decision, and again we will look at all the factors that go into that, including one factor that I didn’t mention, would be the financing. Because financing is a part of that whole package, including the ability to IPO that into the Saudi markets.
Evan Khalil: Oh. I see. So financing at the asset level?
Sig Cornelius: Correct.
Evan Khalil: My second question is a broader kind of finance question. If I look at operating cash flow relative to CapEx, plus your dividend for the quarter, you’re about $1 billion short, and you’re cash flat with $1 billion of incremental debt. So going forward, and you mentioned you're holding your CapEx at this point, in 3Q if it is more like 2Q, how do you do the work to balance the levers here with the CapEx, dividend, or increase borrowing? 
Sig Cornelius: As we look to the end of the year, we basically think that we can manage debt flat to lower at this point. And obviously, we’re seeing some improvement in higher oil prices that didn’t fully flow through into the second quarter, but are certainly with us into the third quarter, and hopefully into the fourth quarter. We are going to see some positive impacts from some disposition proceeds coming through. And then, as we approach year end, we’ll be back to inventory target levels. So again, we’re very confident and I think that debt will be flat to down from this point forward.
Evan Khalil: Thanks, Sig.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Flannery [ph]. Please proceed.
Mark Flannery: I have two questions. One is a bit of follow-up to that last one, which is assuming no change in oil prices or gas prices from here, let’s say if we look forward to next year, do you think you can reduce your debt level just from cash from operation? Is that the underlying plan? Or are we going to have to see a slight strengthening in the environment for the debt level itself to fall?
Sig Cornelius: Well Mark, we’re still putting our plans together, early stages for 2010. And of course, that will involve a combination of capital, and operating plans, and all those input things that you referred to. So our plan certainly is to continue to bring our debt down back to our target range that we saw earlier and we fully intend to manage it to that level. And we feel like there’s a still a lot of levers that we have to work with to move in that direction.
Mark Flannery: Okay. I guess the follow-up is on costs. You mentioned you saved $900 million in cost so far this year, $800 million of which from market factors. And you cited to main ones, there’s energy and FX. Could you, first of all, try and split those? How much is from energy and how much from FX? And the second question -- second part of the question would be, if you think you’re going to meet that target of $1.4 billion for the full year, do you expect the balance of the cost savings to be from the operating line? Is that the implication from what you said?
Sig Cornelius: Well first of all, I think as far as the split between those two, we may have to get back to you offline on that. And as far as the run rates, we would expect to see the same run rates to get us to that $1.4 billion savings. Now, simultaneously going on with our focus on cost reductions, we have captured another $500 million in cost reductions from working with the vendors and service providers through June. Some of that is flowing through the controllable cost. But a lot of that is going to flow through the capital, which we’re not seeing as well. So there’s more to the cost story than just what’s showing in the controllable cost.
Mark Flannery: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti. Go ahead, please.
Arjun Murti: Thank you, two questions. First is just on natural gas production in the US, which looked like it’s been doing a little bit better. I know you’ve cut back activity like many have. I wonder if you could provide any comments on your net gas production outlook over the remainder of the year and into 2010.
Sig Cornelius: Are you talking about US or North America?
Arjun Murti: I’m sorry, really. I guess both US and North America would be great.
Sig Cornelius: The same general trend there, Arjun, is you’re going to see that at these activity levels, we would see base decline rate starting to impact at around a 10% per year rate. So by the end of the year, we’ll be down about 10% from what we thought we would show at the first quarter. And again, from that point forward, it’ll be a little bit dependent on our activity levels. As you said, we pulled back our activity levels and redirected a lot of our drilling on the rigs that we had on the contract, where we could to oil targets.
Arjun Murti: That’s great. Thank you. The second question, which is just on refining, Sig, in your remarks you referred to a mid-80s range across the portfolio, I think a little higher in the US, a little lower outside of the US. Some of your larger peers are talking increasingly about shutting down at least temporarily shutting an entire plant. Where is Conoco in that sort of thought process on refining? Are you looking at more, bigger changes to either how you aggressively you run your plants? The mid-80s still sounds like a decently high number. Wondering if you had any thought on that?
Sig Cornelius: Yes, Arjun. We look at all this, as probably all our peers do as well, on a market-by-market refinery basis, basically in making optimization decisions daily, weekly. So that’s an ongoing process and we don’t see any plants and our refineries in our portfolio that are on the verge of a total shutdown mode that we would get to that level. And we’re just continually optimizing the portfolio, and certainly making sure that they always cover the cash cost.
Arjun Murti: And when you think about those decisions, is it a refinery or unit decision? Or is it sort of an integrated decision? You obviously have a lot of crude oil production though, in the US. I personally don’t think of it as integrative of a decision. But perhaps, you do and obviously, I’m talking besides being kind of joint venture refineries.
Sig Cornelius: We make it pretty much on a stand alone decision.
Arjun Murti: That’s great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate [ph]. Please proceed.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning.
Sig Cornelius: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate: A couple of things. First of all, on gas production, I know it’s not a normal for a major to think along these lines. But given how significant your US gas production is, and given where the forward strip is relative to cash cost, where is management’s head in terms of potentially considering some kind of hedging on at least some of those gas volumes? Obviously, a lot of your independents here do that. But I’m just wondering what you’re thinking is, right now?
Sig Cornelius: We thought about it and again, are not currently active in that area and are not inclined to do so.
Doug Leggate: Okay. So it’s not on the table. This follow-up I have is -- a few weeks ago you mentioned the -- or you (inaudible) started confirming the go ahead for the Shaw development. Obviously, this had been ongoing now for quite some time. Can you just provide any update you can in terms of what’s changed by way of the capital commitment? How the (inaudible) perhaps improve the economics? And if you could roll that into maybe some discussion as to how things are looking in Australia. Because my discussions with Clayton a few weeks back suggested that the capital cost there may be coming down quite significantly as well. Any update you can suggest that maybe mixed economics will come out better on both those projects will be appreciated.
Sig Cornelius: Sure. Let’s just talk about Shaw first and to clarify, we have been operating under an interim agreement at Shaw. And what you saw recently with our announcement on -- that we’ve had signed the Shaw gas deal joint venture and field entry agreements with ADNOC, basically was just the replacing interim agreements that we’ve been operating under, informally. And these agreements just formally established the joint venture. Regarding the economics, we are out for bids or going out for bids on Shaw. And we will take FID some time in 2010, once those EPC bids are in and evaluated. So the bottom line is, there’s economics and everything else are subject to what -- and the go-forward decision are subject to the bids we receive and the evaluation that’s done at that time. So it should not be construed as a decision was made to go forward with the project based on the announcement that was made regarding those particular agreements. As relates to Origin, we’re very pleased with the progress we’re making in Origin. We’re very close to identifying a site for the LNG plant and then final stages with discussions with the Queensland government at Curtis Island on that. Hopefully we would make an announcement on the site in the very near future. On the marketing side, we’re seeing a great deal of interest from potential buyers from Australia. They have a very favorable view of our project, given our leading position in the resource base there in Queensland. As relates to the cost update, we remain comfortable with our plans to reach FID late in 2010, early 2011. And that will be -- depending again as to how the bids are coming in. And I’d say it’s probably a little premature to comment as far as what the costs are looking like. But again, I think when we entered in that project the cost were at a fairly high point in the cost curve. So we would expect things to be coming lower than that. But again, it would be premature to speculate at this point.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Well, I appreciate your comments. Thanks, Sig.
Sig Cornelius: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gammel [ph]. Please proceed.
Jason Gammel: Thank you, and good morning. I just wanted to come back to the refining business with the class in light and heavy differentials. I wanted to first of all, ask if it has made any changes to your potential decision to move forward with the upgrade of the Wilhelmshaven refinery. And second of all, just following up on what Arjun was saying, are you actually considering then shutting in coking units, for instance, as a result of the very narrow light- heavy differential currently?
Sig Cornelius: Okay. On Wilhelmshaven that project still remains important to us as we reposition that refinery to be a top core tiles supplier of distillates in Europe. We’re going to continue to evaluate the options on how to best move forward from a strategic standpoint on that. No decisions have been taken on it yet. We would expect to make a decision around that later this year. Regarding the coke question, we have cut back our coker runs modestly, based on current economics. But we haven’t shut down any of them totally at this point.
Jason Gammel: Okay. Great. And then maybe if I just could, Jim Mulva [ph] has obvious been one of the industry’s spokesmen on carbon legislation. Do you have any comments as an organization on what the existing carbon legislation looks like and what effects it might have?
Sig Cornelius: Well, as far as the climate change goes, we’re currently very disappointed in the Bill that passed the House. We remain committed to the national legislation to address the growth in greenhouse gases. But nevertheless, that we think the legislation that passed the House does not represent a fair and balanced and integrated approach as a Bill. And we cannot support and can’t predict the outcome it’s going to take in place in the Senate. But we are certainly, hopefully that the Bill that passed in the House will not be with the final version, ultimately, it looks like, to the extent there is any climate change. With regard to kind of legislative activity in general, it seems like climate change has taken a little bit of a back seat to health care going on right now. And we don’t anticipate action being taken on climate change perhaps until 2011 at this point.
Jason Gammel: Thank you. I appreciate the comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng [ph]. Please proceed.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys.
Sig Cornelius: Hey, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Sig, a question. When I looking at your international E&T tax rate, 69.4% versus the first quarter of 64.1%, I would have thought the tax rate to be lower in the second quarter because of the higher oil price. Is it primary due to the impairment charge, or there’s other reason behind? And if you can give us an idea then, how should we look at the year for the remaining of 2009?
Sig Cornelius: I have to get back to you as far as the variants. I am focused on the variants being that dramatic, but Clayton or Diane will get back to you on that.
Paul Cheng: Okay.
Clayton Reasor: What was your second question with that--?
Paul Cheng: And also on the international E&T versus the first quarter, if we add back the impairment charge to the second quarter, you went down about $50 million. But the oil and gas realization is up about $2.50 to $3 on a BOE basis. And so that seems it might have a swing. That means that you should contribute about $150 million or so, to you. And so that’s a -- will sponsor a swing about $200 million. Is that because of their higher implied unit cost? Or that’s just because of other reasons?
Sig Cornelius: Again, maybe we can get back to you on that one, because I’m not sure that -- there’s probably multiple things going to go on with that on both the cost and the revenue side so -- let’s just get back to you on that one.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Two final questions, one, with the change in the governorship in Alaska, any change in the plan for their gas pipelines for you guys, and where we are on that? And also with Iraq finish there, the first bidding ran, and that based on the terms that’s being offered by the government there, is that still a -- really an interested area for you guys?
Sig Cornelius: Well, with respect to the Alaska situation, it’s very early days with the new government at this point. We would hope to have a very constructive dialogue with them on moving the project forward and having them consider what we’re doing. It would be helpful to move their project along. But then again, its early days and we really haven’t engaged in any conversation yet with the governor on that project. With respect to Iraq, we look at opportunities as they come along. They recently announced their schedule for, basically a second round of bidding at this point. We’ll look at the opportunity. But every opportunity, not just in Iraq, but around the world has to compete with our existing portfolio. And we’ll seek opportunities as long as we realize the appropriate returns for the risks that we would undertake.
Paul Cheng: And do you guys see the security situation in Iraq currently as a sufficiently improved for you to actually put your own men on the ground?
Sig Cornelius: Well, we’ve participated in the first bid round, as you probably know. And we got comfortable that we could do that in those instances. So I guess the answer to that is yes.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Kessler [ph]. Please proceed.
Robert Kessler: Good morning. Just circling back to your US natural gas portfolio and thinking through the balance of the injection season, are there any cases where you expect you might be shut out of some production because of pipeline pressures or other logistical bottlenecks?
Sig Cornelius: Well, we think if we do get into a situation where it looks like the storage is going to be overfill position, that would be certainly signaled into the market with the price signals as a result. And certainly then, people would adjust based on those market signals more than they would the operational constraints.
Robert Kessler: And obviously, some areas would fare better than others. Have you stressed-test your portfolio to that scenario to see what sort of magnitude effect do it have on ConocoPhillips?
Sig Cornelius: Well, we continue to look at our portfolio on a lease-by-lease and a field-by-field basis. So we’re following the market very closely, and believe we’re on top of the situation.
Robert Kessler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman [ph]. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman: Sig and Clayton, good morning.
Sig Cornelius: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Gilman: A couple of things, on Shaw, Sig, can you talk about the fiscal regime and whether there was a front end entry payment. And is the fiscal regime, in fact nailed down at this point?
Sig Cornelius: It’s provided for in the agreements and -- but I don’t care to talk about it at this point.
Clayton Reasor: We typically don’t disclose what those agreements contain. So that one’s probably out of bounds.
Mark Gilman: Even in terms of type as opposed, you know, PFC or standard concession, something along those lines?
Sig Cornelius: I think that’s all we’re going to say about it right now, Mark.
Mark Gilman: Okay. Regarding Origin, Sig, did I hear you correctly when you said that there have been considerable interests from domestic Australian customers?
Sig Cornelius: No LNG buyers, in Asia. Maybe I said Australia, but I meant to say Asia.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. Is there any thought on your part of affiliating with one of the other alternative ventures that appear to be moving ahead at a slightly quicker phase?
Sig Cornelius: There have been conversations with all of them at certain levels and we remain open to that possibility. But I would say it’s doubtful that it would come together, that it would make sense for all parties at this point. But we’re certainly open to that opportunity.
Mark Gilman: Okay. Just a little more specifically, can you give us a plateau production number for North Belut, please?
Sig Cornelius: Yes. North Belut should plateau at about 20,000 barrels as day.
Mark Gilman: Is that BOE, Sig?
Sig Cornelius: BOEs, yes. 2010.
Mark Gilman: Is that an entitlement number?
Sig Cornelius: That’s in a PFC area so that would be as basically, current prices.
Mark Gilman: Okay. And just one final, when you referenced in your remarks on the production side about 30,000 equivalent a day, net impact of market factors, including OPEC curtailments, PFCs and Canadian royalties, can you dissect that number a little bit in terms of those three factors which contributed to it?
Sig Cornelius: Well. I can give you some of the areas and hopefully that will help you out. Indonesia was about ten of that, and that’s the PFC; Australia is about three, PFC related; Canadian situation is about 24; and we had about 8,000 barrels a day in Libya due to OPEC restrictions.
Mark Gilman: Thanks a lot, Sig.
Sig Cornelius: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Powell Maltunal [ph]. Please proceed.
Powell Maltunal: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Two quick points, number one, can you give us an update on where things stand on the Wood River expansion project?
Sig Cornelius: Wood River expansion project is moving along as planned. It’s start-up I believe is 2000--
Clayton Reasor: In '11?
Sig Cornelius: I think late 2010 or 2011. But moving along as per planned.
Clayton Reasor: We can follow-up and give you -- is there something specific about Wood River that you’re interested in?
Powell Maltunal: No. Just whether or not you are -- since one of the plans is to install a new coker, I was wondering if you are reconsidering any of those investments?
Sig Cornelius: No. No. It’s going forward as planned.
Powell Maltunal: Great. And then secondly, in terms of your downstream optimization program, do you have any retail assets that you have yet to divest based on your previous plans?
Sig Cornelius: So we’ve divested essentially all of our company operated stations. There are between 100 and 200 dealer-operated stores on the West Coast that are still being marketed.
Powell Maltunal: Got it. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: (Operator instructions) There are no further questions in queue. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate Affairs for any closing remarks.
Clayton Reasor: Thanks, Keisha. Appreciate everybody’s involvement, participation in the call this morning. Certainly, Diane and I are available to answer any follow-up questions and look forward to seeing you in the near future. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Clayton Reasor – VP, Corporate Affairs John Carrig – President and COO Sig Cornelius – SVP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company Erik Mielke – Merrill Lynch Robert Kessler – Simmons & Company Doug Leggate – Howard Weil
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President, Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, sir.
Clayton Reasor: Thanks. I’d like to welcome everybody to our conference call this morning. It’s great to be back in IR. I look forward to working with all of you, and just give us a call anytime you need to get answers to your questions. Today, we will be discussing our first quarter results for 2009. And joining me is John Carrig, our President, Chief Operating Officer; and, Sig Cornelius, our Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. This presentation, along with other information regarding the first quarter performance, is on our website. You can find it at conocophillips.com. On page two, you’ll find our Safe Harbor statement. It’s a reminder that we’ll be making forward-looking statements in our presentation in the conference call, and actual results may differ materially. Our SEC filings contain information on the items that could cause material differences. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to the most comparable GAAP, either in the appendix to this presentation or in the Investor Relations section of our Web site. I’d like to turn the call over now to John Carrig.
John Carrig: Thank you, Clayton. And thanks to all the investors and analysts for joining us on the call today. We are pleased to share our first quarter results with you. Now let’s start on page three, the first quarter overview. This slide shows a snapshot of our results for the quarter, which reflects earnings of $840 million and cash from operations of $1.9 billion. Our debt-to-capital ratio increased slightly, and I’ll take you through the details of that in a few minutes. In the upstream, we produced 2.63 million BOE per day, including an estimated 439,000 BOE per day from LUKOIL. In the downstream, utilization was lower at 81%, mainly due to planned maintenance in the United States. We are also pleased to see their operating costs are coming down due to the benefits from planned programs as well as some help from market conditions. So now let’s move on to page four, which shows our earnings variance. Our first quarter earnings were $840 million, compared with the fourth quarter adjusted earnings of $1.9 billion. Our largest variance is due to market prices. Compared to the fourth quarter, our realized crude and natural gas prices decreased by more than 20%. We also saw lower realized refining margins, which I’ll discuss later. Our overall price margin, and other market related impacts, decreased earnings by nearly $1.7 billion. Although our E&P production volumes were higher, the earnings impact of the lower downstream volumes for the ConocoPhillips and LUKOIL more than offset this benefit. As noted on the previous slide, we did see a benefit of lower operating cost in almost every segment, which improved earnings by more than $250 million. This benefit excludes the severance accrual that we made in the fourth quarter. And while we think that there could some timing benefits in the first quarter, we're clearly seeing some good progress on our cost reduction initiatives across the company. There was a benefit in the first quarter of around $500 million from lower export and production taxes in our LUKOIL segment as well as in Alaska. This improvement is in line with expectations given the decrease in the pricing environment. Finally, there are other items that, in the aggregate, improved first quarter income by $125 million, which will be detailed in the segment information. So let’s move on now to review our cash flow for the quarter. On page five, you see – we started the quarter with $800 million in cash, and generated $1.9 billion in cash from operations during the quarter. In addition, we borrowed an incremental amount of $1.9 billion. We had capital spending of $3.1 billion, and a dividend payment of $700 million. And we ended the quarter with $800 million in cash. Focusing on the debt increase for a moment, we announced the $12.5 billion capital program for 2009 that is directed at maintaining the operating integrity of our assets, funding major new projects and exploiting our core asset base. Our first quarter spend of $3.1 billion is on target with this full year amount. A portion of the debt increase was related to working capital increase of nearly $1 billion. The lion's share of that increase was due to inventory builds in response to the commodity market structure and commercial storage opportunities. Drawdown of these inventories in subsequent quarters will be dependent upon the underlying market conditions as we move throughout the year. As previously indicated, we plan to access the debt market some time during the second or third quarter. So let’s move on to page six, which addresses our capital structure. On the chart on page six, if you look at the chart on the – on the left, you can see that ended the first quarter with $56 billion of equity. Along with the increase in debt, it’s in the middle, our debt-to-capital ratio increased slightly to 34%. We continue to have a long term debt cap target of 20% to 25%. In the near term, lower commodity prices may mean that we stay at 34%, or potentially trend higher. However, we will continue to exercise our capital discipline as well as implement cost reduction initiatives to mitigate some of the impact – some of the effects of these price impacts. So now, let’s move on to our operating segment, starting with E&P on page seven. Consistent with the total company volumes, our E&P segment results were lower due to commodity price decreases. Our realized prices for both crude oil and natural gas decreased by around 20%. For crude oil, our realized price was $41.56 per barrel, which was $11.26 per barrel below the fourth quarter of 2008. Similarly, realized natural gas prices decreased by $1.39 per MCF to $4.93. Offsetting these price decreases were lower operating cost and lower production tax. Additionally, we saw improvements in production volumes, which I will detail now as I turn to slide eight, which discusses our production volumes. Production from our E&P segment was up again this quarter. Our total production in the first quarter was a little over 1.9 million BOE per day, which was 3% or 58,000 barrels per day higher than the fourth quarter of 2008. Moving to the first green bar, the biggest increase for the quarter came in Indonesia, as we benefited from the positive effects of lower prices and increased cost recovery as well as the higher sales nominations. In Russia, we had additional benefits from the ramp-up of the YK field, and are now close to the sustained production rates there. In the same bane, we had additional production in Vietnam, from the Su Tu Vang development, which came on line last quarter. In Australia, we benefited from a full quarter of APLNG production as well as lower planned downtime. When these increases are netted against the small decrease in all other regions, our total E&P volumes were 1.925 million BOE per day. Adding the estimate of our LUKOIL share equity – our equity share of LUKOIL's production, ConicoPhillips’ first quarter production totalled 2.364 billion BOE per day. Now moving on to page nine, which addresses E&P earnings. Starting at the left, E&P adjusted earnings for the fourth quarter were $1.4 billion. Prices, margins, and other market impacts reduced our first quarter income by $1 billion. Although there were fewer days in the quarter, we benefited from an increase in overall sales volumes driven by production growth. On the cost side, we were improved by nearly $200 million versus the last quarter. Now, some of this is timing as our exploration spend during the quarter was a bit less than rateable. And the first quarter tends to have less maintenance activity than other quarters. But even after you factor in these items, we are seeing cost reductions and expect these to continue to persist as we move further through the year. Consistent with the lower price environment, we had a benefit of $153 million on production taxes, primarily in Alaska. There were other items, which in the aggregate, decreased earnings by $73 million. These included first quarter foreign currency losses, which were partially offset by lower dry hole costs. This brings us to our total first quarter earnings of $700 million. Now, let’s move on to R&M segment. Like E&P, R&M’s earnings for the first quarter were impacted by prices and markets. We saw significant decreases in our global marketing margin as prices stabilize compared to the fourth quarter. We also saw a big change in our overall refining market capture, predominantly in the United States. And I’ll talk a bit more about that on the next slide. Domestic refining capacity utilization was 80% in the first quarter. This is 14% below the last quarter due to planned maintenance that impacted all of our Gulf Coast refineries as well as the East Coast region. International refining utilization was 85%, down from 89% in the previous quarter due to slightly higher market driven reductions Wilhelmshavener refinery in Germany. Worldwide, that gave us total refining utilization of 81%, which is 12% lower than the previous quarter. So the next slide addresses R&M’s earning variances. Starting on the left, on page 11, R&M’s fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $753 million. Overall, prices and margins decreased earnings by $325 million. Around 60% of this decrease was due to lower marketing margins. Another component of the decrease was lower international refining margins, which decline by nearly 40% compared to the fourth quarter. Although refining margins were up by $5 per barrel, the realized margin – refining margin in the US increased only $0.59. Another way of looking at this difference is our market capture or the realized margin versus the market indicator margin. Refining capture in the fourth quarter was 118% of the market indicator. While in the first quarter, it was closer to our normal range at 69%. There were two big factors that drove that change. First, the relationship between gasoline and distillate spreads change significantly. In the fourth quarter, gasoline spreads were essentially breakeven. So the fact that we yield around 20% less gasoline than implied by the market crack did not hurt our capture rate. In the first quarter, gasoline cracks were up by about 11% per barrel. And we did not get the full benefit of this increase because of our lower gasoline yield. On a sequential basis, this factor reduced our capture rate by some 30%. The other large driver of our lower US market capture was the compression of crude differentials. During the first quarter, the sour heavy crude such as Maya and Canadian sour created much closer to WTI. In addition, for the quarter, Brent traded at a premium to WTI. These crude differentials decreased our relative crude advantage and the rate of market capture. Now moving on to the other variances, you can see that the impact of our lower refining throughput and corresponding sales volumes was around $250 million. On the cost side, like upstream, we’re also seeing reductions in the downstream. This quarter we had a larger turnaround spending, but this was more than offset by the savings in our base operations. Finally, there were other items that in the aggregate decreased income by $14 million, bringing us to R&M’s earnings of $205 million. Now I’ll move on to Slide 12, earnings in other segments. Our estimate of the first quarter earnings from LUKOIL is $48 million, compared to an adjusted net income of $0 million in the fourth quarter. This increase is due to lower estimated export tariffs and extraction taxes, and the change in basis difference amortization stemming from the fourth quarter LUKOIL impairment. These improvements were partially offset by lower estimated volumes in prices and the absence of fourth quarter positive true up. Earnings from our midstream business were $123 million, which is $54 million higher than the previous quarter. As we indicated in the interim update, in the first quarter we booked an $88 million gain on shares previously held by – previously issued by our subsidiary of DCP, midstream. This gain was partially offset by lower realize prices in volumes. Our Chemicals JV had earnings of $23 million, compared to a loss of $6 million in the previous quarter. And in the emerging business segment, earnings were zero for this quarter, which is down from adjusted earnings of $60 million in the fourth quarter. This decrease is primarily attributable to lower international power margins. Finally, our corporate expenses were $259 million, which is $95 million lower than the previous quarter due to reduced foreign exchange losses. And continuing the theme from our operating segments, we also saw a lower corporate cost this quarter. So let’s move on to the per barrel metrics that are starting on page 13. You can see that income and cash per BOE in the upstream have come off with commodity prices. And compared to our peers, we could see a greater impact this quarter due to the heavy waiting of ConocoPhillips to North American natural gas. With that said, we still see good cash generation with the changes to our cost in capital structure. We expect that we will be competitive in a lower price environment. Page 14 shows similar comparisons for the downstream. Like upstream, our downstream performance also remains competitive with our peers. First quarter performance does reflect the market conditions that we discussed earlier, along with higher level of turnaround activity. So now, let’s move on to Page 15, which addresses the return on capital employed. This chart shows our return on capital employed for the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first quarter. Compared with previous periods, we’re no longer adjusting for purchase accounting and we probably have adjusted for certain items that you can see in the appendix. Our returns were lower in the first quarter in conjunction with the decrease prices and margins. While we don’t have yet data for our peers yet, we could see the peer group decreases, as well. Going forward, we’re focused on closing the gap between ourselves and the peer group. And will be showing this sequential progress quarter-by-quarter in this area. The next slide addresses our outlook. In E&P, we expect our full year 2009 production will be slightly higher than 2008. However, the second quarter is anticipated to decrease somewhat due to higher levels of plant maintenance and seasonality that will overshadow new production growth at Bohai and other areas. In the downstream, we expect our global refining capacity utilization to be in the upper 80% range. In the US, we expect to improve to the low 90% range. This improvement in our global utilization rate will be partially offset by lower utilization in our international refineries due to plant maintenance. Throughout the remainder of this year, we will continue to implement our cost reduction programs as previously outlined. On the capital side, our major projects are progressing well. And we expect to see first production from Bohai Bay Phase II in the second quarter. We are also nearing completion of the San Francisco hydrocracker project at our San Francisco refinery. We have seen a reduction in day rates for rigs in North America E&P. And we expect to see lower drilling costs for our exploitation programs. For now, we do not see any significant change to our announced capital program of $12.5 billion. So with that said, Clayton, I’ve now completed the prepared comments that we have and we'll open the call to questions.
Clayton Reasor: Great. Thanks a lot, John. Ken, you have any questions for us?
Operator: Yes, sir. (Operator instructions) Our first question, gentlemen, comes from Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Just a follow-up in terms of some of the operating cost reductions in E&P that you were discussing, it sounds like you’re feeling good that those are and will come through. If I look at your sequential comparison you showed here on, I think at page nine, you showed me – I think that’s inclusive in the operating cost of the exploration expense, which sequentially was down quite a bit. I guess, I’m just wondering on the production cost alone x exploration, what’ve you seen so far in terms of reductions and what you’re sort of expecting over the course of this year in the E&P segment. Thank you.
John Carrig: Well, thank you, Arjun. When we discussed with you our analyst meeting in March the objectives for the year, we expected that we would see about a $1.4 billion reduction on our controllable cost. And we’re still – we believe that we’re on target to achieve that. Yes. The first quarter did include some reductions in exploration cost and some other timing issues that we feel were on track. We had an excess of $400 million reduction and controllable cost. We feel we’re on track to deliver the $1.4 billion that we set out to deliver.
Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs: Got you. And is that both North America and International? Or is one area more important than the other in terms of the split?
John Carrig: Well, it’s both. And I actually – the $400 – yes, it’s both.
Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs: Yes, both US and international.
John Carrig: That was the consolidated number I was addressing, but yes.
Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. John, you’ve just mentioned that you don’t anticipate any changes in your CapEx program for 2009 for now, you quite really said. I wondered, could you talk a little about the sensitivities there in terms of re-planning? What you're spending, maybe for the year, given the way the cash flow match up against the CapEx of Q1? Thanks.
John Carrig: Thanks, Paul. What our plans – what the first quarter reflects is largely in line with expectations, our expectations, given the commodity pricing environment. We really think it’s pretty mature for us to be making any adjustments in the overall capital program. We have indicated that we would expect to see – if the current environment persists that we’d expect to see debt trend up somewhat. We will continue to evaluate this and look further as the year progresses. But right now, we don’t foresee an adjustment in capital program.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Right. My sense is that you’re going – you’ll likely to defend the volumes somewhat up and slightly higher. I think that’s the exact language you’ve used for volumes in 2009 and 2008. So I guess, if you would, CapEx later in the year, you’d be looking more at the downstream?
John Carrig: Well, we take a rigorous look across the board. And would cut – without getting into where, but we would cut where we felt who made the most sense. I don’t want to try to prejudge that at this moment.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Fair enough. On the working capital that you’ve talked about, taking of advantage of Contango in the market, has that positioned change throughout the quarter? I know that we've had some variation in the amounts of Contango. And going forward, if we continue with the various Contango, would you expect that working capital commitment in storage to rise more? Or have you reached – if you limited what you’re prepared to do?
John Carrig: Well, as you know, we have a commercial organization that trades around our assets, including taking advantage of market structures for the things like Contango in the market. The storage economics in the first quarter, as you indicated, were favorable. And as a – we took advantage of that to some extent. I don’t want to say we wouldn’t increase materially, but the – I don’t want to say we would increase or would or would not increase materially. We think that we’re taking advantage of about the right amount right now. And I don’t anticipate a significant working capital draw or cash draw – cash investment beyond what we’ve got today.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: I wonder that you’ve physically set the limits. I guess, your tanks might be full just about.
John Carrig: But you know we don’t comment on commercial terms or what we’re doing in the commercial arena. So I’d hate for us to comment on what capacity utilization we’re using on storage.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Let’s have one – last one for me. Thanks. Just of the 80% utilization that you’ve mentioned in Q1, was that entirely owing to turnarounds or was that some voluntary shutdown? Could you indicate the extent?
John Carrig: It was a modest amount of reductions that were impacted by hydro-skimming margins in Europe. But this was by far the heaviest turnaround portion of the year for us.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: So you expect to see highlights of that. Your utilization will ramp up in Q2 without – given what we’re seeing right now in the market, the expectation is therefore you have the low 90s, I think is what you’ve said.
John Carrig: Low 90s in the US and high 80s overall because we do have turnarounds. As you know, in Europe, it’s second quarter seasonally. That is the time when we do have turnarounds. And we do expect to have international – turnarounds internationally. So overall, high 80s, US mid 90s.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks, guys.
John Carrig: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Hey, guys. Two questions. One, John, when you guys were talking about the cost reduction, I presumed that you guys are not talking before your supplier or your vendor about cost reduction. And what’s their – are they being receptive that – on looking at even on the existing contract or those opening that you would only be looking? And that the new contract that you may go in to sign on to?
John Carrig: Well. Thank you, Paul. The relationship with vendors, we have a wide variety of relationships. Many of which – well, you can say, most of which are long term relationships. We don’t consider that anything is off the table. And what we try to do is to address our needs, which are we cannot wait for cost – the cost reductions to naturally occur, we have to go get them. And we need the commitment and the cooperation of the vendors on a long term basis to achieve that. So without getting into the details of what we might be – what we might be doing, we do have some contracts that roll off. And we do have a lot of flexibility in our existing contracts. So we’re both addressing new as well as the flexibility inherent in many of the contracts we–
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: John, can I ask in another way? You guys have indicated $1.4 billion of the controllable cost reduction target. How would that – how much of them maybe – is your target related to their existing contract, but not the new contracts?
John Carrig: We don’t really break it out by that way, Paul, because many of the existing contracts have the capacity to address changing market conditions in them already. So they’re not fixed price kind of contracts. I just don’t have – we can try to look and help you with – to quantify some – how we see this. But we don’t – we don’t address it I don’t think in precisely the way that you’re asking the question.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Well, how about the $1.4 billion, how much of them are related to headcount or human cost?
John Carrig: Well, we said we’d have a 4% reduction so when we took a $100 million accrual in the first quarter. So I would say the lion’s share is not in the headcount. It is in – there are some benefit of lower inflation, including vendors. And within the vendors is rig rates. There’s trying to do things to take more advantage of the overall environment that we have today, so.
Sig Cornelius: There’s also some market related items, Paul, around utility cost or market sensitive costs that, obviously, as commodity prices fall, our core structure fall.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Sure.
Sig Cornelius: That’s something we can get into detail with you, if you’d like more information on that.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Okay. And final one, ONG [ph], can you give us a progress if it’s still going to be on stream in 2010? Or given the market conditions that you guys may decide to go a bit slow?
John Carrig: Our current expectation is that we will come on stream in 2010.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Thank you.
John Carrig: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Flannery with Credit Suisse.
Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse: Hi. Yes. Just further on the cost if you – you mentioned the $1.4 billion reduction in controllable costs. I’m sorry if I missed this, but what is that as a percentage of your total controllable cost?
John Carrig: That’s 10%, Mark.
Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse: 10%. Right. So you think you’ve already done 400–
John Carrig: I’m sorry. It’s 10% of 2007 levels to be just clear.
Sig Cornelius: 2008.
John Carrig: I’m sorry, 2008 levels.
Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse: Okay. Some percentage of last year’s–
Sig Cornelius: That’s right.
Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse: Okay. Just changing over a little, you point out you have a 5% return on capital for the quarter. I just like an update on how you’re thinking about that. And it’s obviously pretty low. You’re obviously expecting some kind of improvement. Where do you think that needs to get to be in the acceptable levels?
John Carrig: What we’ve indicated and what we want to do is to get it, firstly, within the target range – in the peer range. And then continue to improve it over time.
Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse: Well let me ask you in another way, which is if you end up at current commodity prices with a single digit return on capital or you might have to take further action to improve that?
John Carrig: Well, right now we're focused on our cost reduction efforts, and I don't want to anticipate any further actions that we would take. We just have to evaluate what we might – what me might do going forward. Clearly, we are focused on delivering capital efficiency. But this is a – we recognize that this takes a concerted and persistent effort to achieve this gap closure over time.
Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
John Carrig: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Gilman with Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company: Good morning, guys. I have a couple of things. First, specifically, the refinery utilization rates, John, you quoted for the second quarter, does that include any economically or any extra curtailments?
John Carrig: I don't believe that includes a significant amount. I can't recall whether the – what the premise is for Wilhelmshaven, but I don't believe it's – I don't believe it's based on hydro-skimming margins.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company: Okay. Secondly, I wanted to clarify the Bohai Phase II comment that you made. I think your reference was the start-up of Bohai Phase II. Yet, it is to my understanding that several platforms associated with that project have been on line now for quite some time. Could you just clarify that and talk a little bit about the sequencing going forward.
John Carrig: Yes. You're correct, Mark. We did start – we have started up some of the platforms in some – I'm sorry for the confusion that may have caused. What I was referring to is the mating and hook-up of the floating, production, and storage offloading facility that will permit us to get our production, I believe, up to 69,000 barrels per day net sometime this year.
Sig Cornelius: 2011.
John Carrig: 2011.
Sig Cornelius: We expect it to be at 50,000 a day by 2010. We're about 20,000.
John Carrig: Sorry, Sig, why don't you repeat that.
Sig Cornelius: Yes. Currently, we're on 20,000 net today. We’re going to ramp up to around 49,000 to 50,000 by the end of the year. And in 2011, we'll be down at about 70,000 barrels a day.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company: Okay. Just shifting gears a little bit, could you comment about – I believe about, John, some increased nominations regarding Indonesian natural gas sales, which were up quite a bit. Were those just increased nominations under existing contracts? Or was there a new contract that kicked in that generated those increases?
John Carrig: No. Those were under – those were under existing contracts. But there was – there have been – one new field came on. But they're basically – I'll make it under existing long term contracts.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company: So that one shouldn't be netted necessarily to the sustainability of those volumes going forward?
John Carrig: Well they're demand based.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company: Right.
John Carrig: Yes. Looking at that $30 million or so increase in Indonesia, about half of that is PSC related.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company: Okay. And finally, just one more for me. The coal bed methane LNG industry in Australia seems, from a competitive standpoint, to be taking off, to say the least, with a lot of competitor projects out there, including yours with origin. Yet it has appeared, I guess to me, that the proposals being put forth by BG as well as Santos seem to be moving ahead at a slightly greater clip than yours with Origin. Is there some reason that things are moving a lot more slowly or seemingly so for your project?
John Carrig: No, Mark. That project is on – exactly on track as where we premised it to be when we went into it. We’ve approved the work program up to FID. The upstream work program is in place. We have filed the advice statement with the coordinator general approval stating the timeframe, in which we are advancing the project. And it's certainly along with our – marching along with our expectations right now.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company: Okay, guys. Thank you.
Sig Cornelius: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Your next question is from Erik Mielke with Merrill Lynch.
Erik Mielke – Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. I have two questions. The first one probably for Sig, and I guess the second probably be for John. Firstly, on the opportune segment in the first quarter, looking at the US relative to international. Your margins in international held up significantly better. And I know you've already touched on some of these issues around crude pricing, and I guess taxation would also be – would also be a factor. Was there anything else playing into the variance performance of the international versus US? I'm thinking foreign exchange. I'm thinking new projects that came on stream that may have had a lower unit cost. The change is quite significant.
Sig Cornelius: Yes. Primarily, the US gas prices related – where the gas prices around the world held up better and are not going to be reflective of what's going on in the US. And as you know, we're at the US natural gas player in Lower 48, so.
Erik Mielke – Merrill Lynch: But nothing beyond reorganizations?
Sig Cornelius: No.
Erik Mielke – Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. My second question relates to the leadership that you have shown as a company on US energy policy in particular and climate change through your participation in USCAP. And also, I noticed that one of your representatives was a witness yesterday at the hearings in Congress. I was wondering if you could make the comment a little bit on how you see the current proposals and how that might impact the oil industry.
John Carrig: Well, as you indicated, we are a participant in USCAP and we testified. Red Cavaney, representative of ConocoPhillips Washington office, testified yesterday on behalf of ConocoPhillips. We see that there are a number of issues as you get into the details here. We have specifically mentioned yesterday a comment on the allocation of allowances, cost containment, the impact of the low carbon fuel standard versus the renewable fuel standards, and how they overlay, and whether they should overlay. So those kinds of things we think were – the kind of comments that we made we believe were heard. And we hope that they will have some favorable response. And so that's part of the effort that we want to do. We want to make our views known and to help shape the outcome.
Erik Mielke – Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Kessler with Simmons & Company.
Robert Kessler – Simmons & Company: Good morning, gentlemen. Your interim update from early April indicated anticipated losses in the US Lower 48 and Canadian E&P operations. To what extent did you lose money in those regions in the quarter?
John Carrig: Well, in the report that's associated with the – that we attached to the – it's on our Web site. The US is broken out. And I believe we lost the $70 million in the Lower 48. Canada, we really don't break out. And Canada, of course, is itself – the way I think of it is you've got the Arctic, you've got ongoing exploration to the extent there is some on the East Coast heavy oil – heavy oil, and then Western Canada Gas. Western Canada Gas performed broadly in line with the way the US did. But the others, we just don't break out.
Sig Cornelius: Of course, that Lower 48 loss of $71 million was more than offset by the $244 million earnings that we had in Alaska.
Robert Kessler – Simmons & Company: Got you. I guess looking particularly at the US Lower 48 losing money, and then Western Canada Gas losing money. Assuming current commodity prices persist, when would you return to profitability in those segments do you think given the cost cutting initiatives you have in place?
John Carrig: Yes. I don't know if we've come out breakeven costs around net income. Maybe that's something we can work with you, Robert, on – based on the information that we provided externally.
Robert Kessler – Simmons & Company: Okay.
John Carrig: Let us come back to you on that one.
Robert Kessler – Simmons & Company: Fair enough. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Leggate with Howard Weil.
Doug Leggate – Howard Weil: Thank you. Good morning, John. John, my question is on LUKOIL. I'm trying to understand exactly what you meant by you – essentially what you've done to rebase the way that you accounted for that in the quarter. And what I'm referring to is that you don't know what LUKOIL is going to report ahead of time. So on the fourth quarter you assumed zero. And then LUKOIL came out with a fairly hefty loss and you did not take any retrospective negative adjustment as you would normally do. And then obviously in Q1, you're assuming $48 million positive. Can you just help me reconcile what is going there because I would have expected you to take that retrospective loss. And it looks like you didn't touch it this quarter.
John Carrig: Well thanks, Doug. I'll try to address that at conceptual level. But beyond that, maybe Sig can help out. But the reason for the phenomenon that you referenced is associated with the fact that you have a mark-to-market event. So when there's a mark-to-market event and there – and an impairment, I mean. And you're essentially writing it down to the investment down to market value. Yet, if there is any subsequent true up of a negative nature or even positive nature, but certainly the negative nature for sure, that has the effect of recording a negative equity earnings and reducing the investment, thereby the mark-to-market, which takes you back to the same answer mechanically in every situation. So it's a phenomenon associated only when there's a mark-to-market event. And we would not expect it to be an ongoing feature of the earnings analysis.
Sig Cornelius: Yes. I think as John said, Doug, it was a unique situation driven by the mark-to-market accounting. I related in the first quarter, the earnings – there are only two things going on with the earnings underlying loss that we're projecting around $10 million. And then we are recording earnings from the negative amortization of around $17 million a month, which we'll see as long as the stock price continues to rise above the – the value that we wrote it down to, so.
Doug Leggate – Howard Weil: Okay. I guess I understand the mechanics of it. But can you help me understand what – had you done it the normal way, what would the number have been in the first quarter, the retrospective adjustment to make you consistent with LUKOIL's reported earnings.
John Carrig: Are you just asking what's 20% of $1.6 billion?
Doug Leggate – Howard Weil: Well I guess there were some – well, the $1.6 billion includes some write offs. So I guess I was looking for the clean adjusted number, which has – you've got more – you're view on that would probably be more accurate than mine.
John Carrig: I think that's going to be – wouldn't you have to wait until – you have to give us a supplement.
Sig Cornelius: Doug, the number – the number if we would have done it true up as we've done in the past, we would have had a negative true up of $255 million. And as John said, that would have been immediately offset by the same amount on the write off to the investment. So effectively, it would have had no impact on first quarter earnings results.
Doug Leggate – Howard Weil: Got it. All right. Thanks very much (inaudible).
John Carrig: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator instructions) The next question is from Mark Gilman with Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company: John or Sig, I think that you made reference to, if I heard you correctly, intent to access the debt markets in the second or third quarter of the year. And I'm wondering whether that's incremental borrowing based on your outlook or whether it's funding of shorter term debt that you may have taken on after this point.
John Carrig: It would basically be to roll our current short term balances into longer term maturities.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company: Okay. So it's not an indication, at this point, of the expectation of an increase in the debt level per se?
John Carrig: That's correct.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Sig Cornelius: Okay. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Gentlemen, there are no further questions in the queue. I'll hand the call back to Clayton Reasor for closing remarks.
Clayton Reasor: Great. Well, we really appreciate everybody's participation in the call this morning. If you have any questions or follow-up, I think the number – or our number is in the bottom of the earnings release. You can find copies of our presentation material on conocophillips.com. I look forward to working with you in the future. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Russell – GM of IR Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO John Carrig – COO Sig Cornelius – SVP of Finance and CFO
Analysts: Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital Robert Kessler – Simmons & Company International Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities Mark Gilman – Benchmark Group Eric Mielke – Merrill Lynch Neil Mcmahon – Sanford Bernstein Doug [Flegitt] – Howard Weil
Operator: Ok Ladies and Gentleman and welcome to the ConocoPhillips fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. We will be facilitating a question and answer session towards the end of today's conference. If at any time during the call, you require assistance, please press * followed by 0 and a coordinator will be happy to assist you. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Mr. Gary Russell – GM of IR: Thanks, Jen, and welcome to everybody on our fourth quarter conference call. Joining me, today, are Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Carrig, our President and Chief Operating Officer, as well as Sig Cornelius, Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Jim will be taking you through our presentation today that has been prepared, and intended to help you with your understanding of our financial and operating performance in the fourth quarter of 2008.  This presentation, along with other information regarding the fourth quarter performance, can be found on our website, www.conocophillips.com. Now, if you turn to Page 2 you will find our Safe Harbor Statement, which simply states that forward, looking statements made in our presentation, today, in our conference call today, represent our management's current expectations. Actual results could materially differ from those expectations and you can find in our FCC filings information on items that could … material differences. Now this presentation today also contains non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to the most comparable general accounting principles, and measure either in the appendix of this presentation or in the investor relations section of our website. I'll now turn this call over to Jim Mulva.
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: Okay, Gary, thank you and I appreciate those who are participating In this conference call. Before I begin going through the slides, I'd like to briefly review the significant changes we encountered in the fourth quarter. You know commodity prices [cracks spread] experiences sharp declines and earlier in the quarter, we came to the conclusions we would experience a significant multi-year recession. We suspended our share repurchase program in mid-October and commenced downsizing our 2009 and 2010 operating capital investment programs in a way that is consistent with the anticipated business environment.  During the fourth quarter, our share price experienced a sharp decline and resulting decrease in marketing capitalization along with all our expected prices to large impairments, which I will discuss in the slide presentation. Our capital investment plans have been adjusted so we continue with our committed and strategic key projects while deferring other investment opportunities. They are planning for a prolonged and difficult business environment. 2009 and 2010 will be very challenging for our global economy and the energy business. We believe our decisions, actions, and plans will enable us to live within our means. That is, generate sufficient cash flow to fund our capital investment program and fund our dividends. So, with those opening comments, I am moving now, on to Side 3. As you can see on Slide 3, our adjusted earnings for the fourth quarter were $1.9 billion. That excludes $33.7 billion adjustments and I'll discuss those in more details in following slides. So, with these adjustments, we reported a loss of $31.8 billion. We generated $3.1 billion from cash from operations and our debt capital ratio increased to 33%. Now, in the EMP business, we have produced 2.32 billion BOE a day. That includes an estimated 451,000 BOE a day from our LUKOIL segment. So, if you exclude LUKOIL, our production was near 1.8 million BOE a day. The downstream of our crude procession utilization was 93% and in fourth quarter, we completed our Origin transaction. Moving on to slide 4, fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $1.9 billion, you can see that sort of in the middle of the slide. So we start with Goldbar and … after the chart. See, third quarter net income was $5.2 billion and then as we move to the right, prices margin and other market impacts reduced fourth quarter net income.  Higher bonds increased income $743 million. There was a benefit in the fourth quarter of $1.1 billion from lower taxes predominantly or production tax in Alaska in the lower 48. And we also saw lower estimated extraction and export taxes in our LUKOIL segment. This was expected given the sharply lowered price environment in the fourth quarter but these taxes in our LUKOIL segment were much higher than would be…by the price environment because of the lag effect. Then there are other things in the aggregate in the fourth-quarter improved income by $11 million, that brings us to our adjusted earnings of $1.9 billion, then we recorded the adjustment to $33.7 billion as we previously outlined. And most of our adjustments are a result of sharp decline in global equity markets, cloudy prices margins and that as well as a revised capital program that we announced on the 16th of January. And you will see, the segment impact these items as we go through each of these segments on the slides.  So with these adjustments we have net loss in the fourth quarter of $31.8 billion shown by the gold bar on the far right of the slide. Now go to the next slide 5. Total company cash flow, we started on the left. We started the quarter with cash balance $1.1 billion generated $3.1 billion in cash from operations. Then moving to the right you see we had proceeds from dispositions of 9 hundred and 11 million dollars, $5.4 billion increase in debt due primarily to the origin transaction and working capital needs.  So with these resources we funded $8.7 billion of our capital program, paid nearly $700 million in dividends, and purchased about $759 million of our shares. Then there were some other items in the aggregate that provided an additional $392 million leaving us with a cash balance of $755 million. Moving on to slide 6, the pie chart on the left shows the cash available during the year was $31 billion, $22.7 billion or 73% came from operations. $88.3 billion or 27% regenerated from combination of debt increase and proceeds from asset sales. If you look on the right, you can see how we used the $31 billion. We spent nearly $20 billion in our capital investment program including the origin transaction to purchase a little more than $8 billion of our stock and paid $2.9 billion in dividends.  So I now move to Page 7. Looking at our capital structure of the company, you can see the chart on the left. Our equity out of 2008 was $56 billion and that reflects the impact of the [paramounts] recorded in the fourth quarter. The debt at $27 and half billion at the end of the year shown in the middle part of the slide, our debt capital ratio at year-end was 33%, which was 14% higher than at the end of the third quarter shown on the chart on the right. So all of this increase of 14%, 10% is due to the adjustments that recorded in the fourth quarter and 4% is due to an increase in debt.  Then you can see in all the charts the year-end balance since 2003, and we are confident that we manage our financial position going forward in a way that returns our debt to capital ratio back to our target of 20 – 25%. I'd also like to point out that the … agencies just confirmed our AA1 credit ratings. I'm moving on to EMP Page 8. As mentioned earlier, our EMP segment was significantly impacted by impairment adjustment of $26 billion dollars in the fourth quarter. Crude oil prices were significantly lower during the fourth quarter as our realized group price was $52.82 a barrel. Now that is $59.37 barrel lower than the third quarter. Now turning to natural gas, as gas prices were lowered our realized natural gas price was $6.32 and MCF and that's $2.59 per MCF lower than the third quarter. Our fourth quarter production lines were higher than previous quarter and that's consistent with our guidance. You'll see more about this in details in the next slide.  So I'm on Slide 9. You can see production from our EMP segment in the fourth quarter was 1.867 BOE a day. That's 119,000 BOE a day higher than in the third quarter and you can see this in the gold bar on the left of this chart. So we move across on the right. Production in the UK was 53,000 BOE a day higher, and that's due to the ramp up of production from the Britannia Satellites. Then we also had lower planned and non-planned down time. With respect to Alaska, production improved 44,000 BOE a day. And this is planned to lessen planned down time and seasonality and we also had improved drilling and well performance. In the lower 48 we had improved drilling well performance, somewhat offset by unplanned downtime and normal decline, but the other, we see improvement of 9,000 BOE a day.  Then we have some other small variances that in total improved production 13,000 BOE a day. Then we have the segment from LUKOIL and the total was 2.318 million BOE a day in the fourth quarter. So for the full year production average excluding LUKOIL 1.79 million BOE a day, which includes the effect of hurricanes and production sharing contract impacts, if you adjust for these, then 2008 average production would have been 1.81 million BOE a day. That compares to 2007 full year average production of 1.88 million BOE a day, which includes two quarters of production from our expropriated Venezuelan assets when averaged over the year. That impact was 42,000 barrels per day. So if you look at this, we said earlier in 2008 our production excluding the LUKOIL segment would be about 1.8 million BOE a day and that's what we essentially did in 2008.  So moving on to Slide 10, the MPs adjustment earnings for the fourth quarter you can see towards the middle, or a little bit to the right $1.4 billion to start with the gold bar on the far left, in covering the third quarter was $3.9 billion then you move to the right. Prices margin, other impacts reduced fourth quarter income by $3.4 billion. We have higher sales volume that helped us $432 million and with significant lower crude oil prices or natural gas price on production prices. Essentially, in Alaska and lower 48 improved income $505 million compared to the third quarter. Then we have some other items, which in the aggregate improved earnings $41 million. That [ore DD&A]. Or operating costs, higher equity earnings somewhat offset by higher dry hole expenses mainly in the Gulf of Mexico and South America. We had some waste impairments and severance accruals. That brings us to our adjusted earnings of $1.4 billion. There were impairment adjustments in the fourth quarter, you can see, $25.7 billion bringing our total reported net loss to $24.3 billion shown by the gold bar on the far right.  Now I'm moving from EMP to refining marketing shown on the slide on Page 11. We find the marketing net income fourth quarter was also impacted by impairment adjustments that also refining margins in U.S. were significantly lower than the third quarter. You must realize that refining margins in the fourth quarter was $6.96 cents a barrel. Now that's $2.07 barrel lower that the third quarter. The significant decline in market cracks were only partially offset by the benefit we get at higher margins from secondary products and improved sour crude differential.  The international side, refining margin was $8.31 a barrel, that's $2.93 cents a barrel lower than the third quarter and mainly due to the continued poor hydro skinning margins. The domestic refining crude oil capacity realization the fourth quarter was 94% at 4% higher than the prior quarter. On the international side, utilization rate was 89%, that's up from 75% in the third quarter. The primary due that we saw some increase production and economic runs in our Wilhemshaven refinery in Germany. So worldwide, our crude oil capacity realization was 93%, which is 6% higher than the previous quarter. Now I'm going to Page 12 and we show fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $753 million, so we start with the gold bar on the left side. Third quarter income was $849 million as we move to the right, prices, margins. Other market impacts, reduced income $147 million. Then we had higher utilization improved sales bottoms, which helped us $40 million, and then there were some other items in the agrid that improved income $11 million, which brings us to $753 million. Then we had adjustments in the fourth quarter, $464 million which brings our total amount income fourth quarter to $289 million shown on the gold bar on the far right.  Now moving on to Slide 13, which is the other segments where we compare fourth quarter to the third quarter. We do not estimate fourth quarter earnings from the LUKOIL segment. This does include a positive true up of $101 million for the third quarter of 2008 but excludes the $7.4 billion reduction in the book value of our investments. Our fourth quarter income for the LUKOIL segment was a loss of $7.4 billion. We had some other items impacting LUKOIL segment in the quarter, which include lower estimated realized prices, somewhat offset by lower estimated extraction, export taxes, and higher estimated buy yields.  Turning to our mid stream business income was at $69 million, that's $104 million lower than in the prior quarter primarily due to lower realized natural gas prices. This is somewhat offset by higher vibes in the fourth quarter due to restoration of operations that were down in the third quarter due to hurricanes. Our chemicals joint venture had a net loss of $6 million dollars in the fourth quarter compared to income of $46 million in the third quarter. Variance is primarily due to lower margins and vibes in the fourth quarter.  Now our emerging business segment - Adjusted earnings for the fourth quarter was $60 million, higher than the third quarter income of $35 million due to higher international power generation results, but our reported income of fourth quarter when you include the adjustments was a loss of $25 million. Now our adjusted corporate expenses were $354 million, that's $73 million higher than the third quarter due to higher net interest expense, which included lower capitalized interest and higher environmental crude oils. The reported corporate expenses including the adjustment was $388 million.  Now moving to the profitability of upstream and downstream Slide 14, in these slides we report performance and income per barrel and cash contribution per barrel against what we see as the peer group to large publicly traded international oil companies, shaded in green, or shaded in grey. And that includes Exxon Mobile, Chevron, BP, Shell, and Total. So the chart shows our BMP incoming cash per BOE for the years 2003 – 2008. And in the green bars peer group shown in grey and well, we don't have data at this point for the fourth quarter 2008, we expect our income and cash contribution to be competitive.  Now go down to Slide 15, which shows the same metrics of income and cash contribution for refining and marketing, the peer group is the same, we have the same time period and we would expect when the results are known for the peer group for the fourth quarter we would expect to be competitive in both metrics.  Now I go on to Slide 16, return on capital. Again, it is the same peer group in the grey shaded area. Anyway, it reflects our return on capital with no adjustments for purchase accounting. As we've shown in the past, adjustments made to our peers are reflected, reflect purchase accounting shown on the table three. Our RROCE for the fourth quarter was 7% for the full year 2008 15%.  I'm going to the last slide of our presentation on 17 so I'm going to summarize. As we said in our most recent release to the media, we've created a self-sustaining competitive integrated energy company and our long-term strategy remains unchanged. Organic growth and prior business transactions, we have the resources and opportunity for growth. Our existing portfolio of high quality assets will enable us to replace our reserve, maintain our current production levels, and operate in a low price environment. We anticipate the company's first quarter EMP segment production will be near fourth quarter 2008 production and we expect expiration expenses to be around $400 million for the quarter. Comments with respect to the EMP segment production, this is before consideration of OPEC cuts, but we don't see significant impact of OPEC cuts on our production.  Downstream we anticipate worldwide refining crude oil capacity utilization rate. First quarter will be in the low 80% range. This is primarily due to – we have a lot of turnaround activity, both in the United States and international. We expect run reductions at the Wilhelmshaven refinery. Our turnaround costs, for the first quarter of 2009, we expect to be around $225 million before tax. In light of the business environment, that outlined as I started, we're reducing our cost structure and constraining our capital to live within our means. Then, we look forward to sharing these plans, operating capital plans, with you, when we meet the investment financial committee, in March 11, in New York. That concludes the prepared comments. Gary, I think we are now ready to entertain questions from those participating in the talk. 
Gary Russell – GM of IR: Thanks, Jim. We are ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press *, followed by 1 on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered, or you wish to withdraw your question, please press * followed by a 2. Press *1 to begin. We will stand by for the first question.  The first question comes from Arjun Murti, with Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs: Thanks, Jim. I was wondering if you could provide an update on the relationship with LUKOIL? I know you took an impairment charge, but otherwise still owned the stock. With Russian supply, looking like it's probably going to decline as a country, this year, and probably next year, are you starting to see the potential for more opportunities, given your ongoing partnership with LUKOIL? Or, in light of all the things that have gone on in Russia, with oil prices having fallen so much, has the relationship changed in a way where we shouldn’t think about gaining additional opportunities? I'm just hoping you can provide some update on LUKOIL and what you see in Russia, going forward.
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: Thank you, Arjun. Our relationship with LUKOIL continues very strong, Arjun, and I really shouldn't comment on the forecasts that they have, with respect to their production levels, and all. We are working quite well with LUKOIL on some investment opportunities, both inside and outside of Russia. Hopefully, as we go through 2009, those organic growth opportunities, we can make known to you and hopefully update some of that in March, with our presentation to the financial community.  The other thing is that we continue t work with Gazprom, on things we can be doing inside and outside of Russia, to a lesser extent Russneft, but I was just in Russia this past week. I can tell you, the ministry and the authorities are certainly looking at ways in which they can help promote investment opportunities for companies like ConocoPhillips to be working in Russia, as well as outside of Russia, as I said, both with LUKOIL, Gazprom, and Russneft and others. Hopefully, as we go through 2009, we can roll out some of these opportunities. They are in the formative stage. We recognize that there are a different pricing environment, and I would also say that Russian authorities recognize the importance of having the right fiscal take to generate and support those investment opportunities.  Pretty Bullish on Russia, but it remains to seen whether we can bring these new opportunities to the finish line.
Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs: Jim, thank you. That's very helpful. If I could ask one second one. You did announce that the Origin Energy investment closed in the fourth quarter. Obviously, the natural gas and oil price and the LNG price environment is very different. Can you talk about your plans to move forward with developing the LNG project there, or should we think that's on hold until the cycle recovers, more strongly, in the future?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: First of all, we announce the $5 billion of the of the Origin transaction and fortunately, we did hedge a significant part of that expenditure. The net cost of the investment at the start was $4.5 billion. In terms of our plans, we have not cut back at all on the drilling program. For the feed and the studies that worked for the LNG, that we have in mind to develop, our first train that we have in mind is going to be in 2014. We continue to work. Obviously, we know the oil prices, gas prices, and the problem that it is today. But, we look through that and we see a better pricing environment when we get into 2014 and subsequent periods of time.  We continue our drilling program in Queensland. The results that we get from our drilling program is just as we expected. There is really no change in that regard, Arjun.
Arjun Murti – Goldman Sachs: I appreciate your comments, Jim. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Mark Flannery, with Credit Suisse.
Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse: Thank you. I'm interested in the capital program. Maybe you could just give us some general color on the kinds of things, or the specific things that you will not be doing, now, versus what you might have had in the plans let's say, one or two quarters ago. In other words, where is the capital being extracted from?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: Well, the details of this will all come at our March presentation, in New York. First of all, there has been absolutely no cut back or reduction in expenses or capital spent on maintenance of our facilities around the world. The second point is all of our committed major projects, multi-year projects like LNG Projects in [Gutter], Shah Project, all of these different ones we have in mind doing, or that we've committed to doing, we still have in the $12.5 billion that we have announced.  Some of the upgrades in the refineries, we are deferring. We have deferred, somewhat, waiting for new capital investment numbers on Yanbu. We have cut back some of our drilling in the lower 48 and in Canada. Of course, that is kind of a swing factor that we have to look at what the prices are and returns are. Those are some of the areas that we have cut back. We will outline this in full detail when we come to meet with you, in March.
Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Kessler, with Simmons & Company.
Robert Kessler – Simmons & Company: Good morning, Jim, I wanted to see if you could provide your latest thoughts on the North American National gas market. You're opening comment certainly presented a fairly conservative or weak view for the energy markets, in general, for 2009 and 2010. I suppose that speaks to your lower expectation for demand for natural gas. In combination with that, and the recent success on the shale plays, I'm wondering what you are thinking could be the supply/demand balance in North America, for natural gas, the next couple of years.
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: Well, the next short period of the next two years or so, we see certainly having plentiful supply. The real question is what's taking place with respect with demand. Demand has a lot to do with the economy, industrial activity, weather and all of that. When we look at natural gas prices today, we are somewhat surprised at the whole $5 in MCF. Our plan is going forward, over the next year or two, we expect to see some improvement in natural gas prices, but not a lot more than $5 in MCF. If the market gives us $6 or more, obviously, that's helpful to the industry and to drilling programs. With these prices, I think what you're going to have is, most likely, less investment. That will lead to some correction in supply/demand. A lot has to do with we don't really know what's taking place on demand, because of the strength of the economy.  Our view is we see natural gas prices, in the short term, being around $5 in MCF, maybe a little bit better. Maybe that gives you the collar of what we plan and expect as we go over the next year or two.
Robert Kessler – Simmons & Company: Sure, that's helpful. Thank you for that. A real quick question on Gutter Gas 3, where that project stands now, in terms of expected start up. I want to say it's already slipped into 2010, but any additional color would be helpful.
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: Yes, I think you're right. I don't have the exact specific date. So much is being done over at [Rasol Fon] and it does take longer for each of the trains. Of course, our train follows each of the trains ahead of us. That's the way it works. The trains ahead of us have some delay. I think 2010 is the right year. We will update, specifically, that date when we see you, in March.
Robert Kessler – Simmons & Company: Thanks, Jim
Operator: Your next question is from Neil Mcmahon, with Sanford Bernstein.
Neil Mcmahon – Sanford Bernstein: Hi, I have a few questions. The first one, maybe I'll get a quick answer on this one. It may not be the best question to ask. Jim, I think, if you look at your return on Capital Employed, 2008 came in at 15%, at $100 per barrel of oil price. 2004 came in at 15% at a $42 oil price. From the outside looking in, it just doesn’t seem like the strategy of acquiring companies for growth is working all that well. Maybe you could have some comments on that. 
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: Well, it may be two questions, in some ways. First, for a historical perspective, when we look at what we've done in acquisitions, and the assumptions we used when we made the acquisitions, whether it was [HarcroAska], it was Tosko, Burlington, or the merger of the two companies, Conoco and Phillips, our experiences historically, we have either met or exceeded our expectations when it came to prices and cost and synergies.  As you look forward, with the pricing environment, I just think it's going to be most difficult to be looking at doing acquisitions of large entities, versus picking up acreage and picking up an asset that is close to you that seems to fit with where you have a large position. Historically, in hindsight, you can look at it, the price environment we are seeing today; the returns are not as great. If you see prices that are $70, $80, or $90 dollars, obviously, they are much better. I can tell you that everything we have done in the past, so far, the history has been that the premise that we used when we did the transactions, we have exceeded. I don't think you're going to see much of this, going forward, for ConocoPhillips.
Neil Mcmahon – Sanford Bernstein: I'm just concerned that when you try and look at metrics going forward, I know you make the argument about purchase accounting versus pooling, since that is quite a long way in the past, it's going to be very hard to catch up with some of your peer companies if you continue to have returns that are massively down on competitors. I'm just trying to understand how you're going to try to improve those returns in your cost base, if you're relying more and more on acquisitions for growth. 
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: I just said, Neil, that we're not relying on that acquisition for growth going forward, and our $12.5 billion capital program has nothing of acquisitions in it. Obviously, we have the portfolio that we have, today. That's what we're going to manage. We've historically been pretty good on exploitation and operations. There is a lot of emphasis, as I said, in opening comments and the slides. It's a real emphasis in this challenging business environment that we're in is we have to run well. We have to get the cost structure right. That cost structure is not only day-to-day operations, but we have to also be quite aggressive on procurement when we buy goods and services. The suppliers are not just going to offer it up to you. You have to be pretty aggressive to get it. We have the portfolio that we do. If our returns are less than the peer group, then it's up to us to take actions in our plans, how we invest our money, and operate to close that gap. We intend to do that.
Neil Mcmahon – Sanford Bernstein: Just one quick final one. Just looking at the first quarter, in terms of your cash position, which fell from Q3 into Q4, you're now carrying less cash than [HAS is] into Q1. With LUKOIL, potentially, likely to make a loss in Q1 as well, I'm just wondering what you are looking at, in terms of increase in debts in Q1 or indeed, through the first half of this year, or if you have any plans, there?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: First of all, with respect to LUKOIL, there is no requirement for us to be putting any cash into LUKOIL. All of their operations investment is done by the corporate entity of LUKOIL. We get a small dividend back, but it is cash flow positive. There is no drain, requirement, or call on cash from ConocoPhillips to fund or support LUKOIL.  When we look out, we are adjusting our operating plan and all, in such that with a low price environment, we want to operate and fund our dividends and our capital spending program, without a change in debt. If you look at this year, so far, based on what we would expect for the full year, the oil prices might be just about what we expected. The crack spreads a little bit better than we expected, and natural gas price is lower than expected. That is, so far in the first month of the year, how we look at it. Of course, it's the first month of the year, and it's the first month of the quarter.
Neil Mcmahon – Sanford Bernstein: Okay, so there is no plans to increase debt in the first quarter if conditions continue the way they are?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: Our plans are that as we go through each quarter, and as we go through the whole year, our plans are not to increase debt. Our plans are to hold debt constant. If the market helps us a little bit better, then we would be reducing debt. I'm not really disclosing or trying to disclose our internal forecast, the prices, or margins, but if you take the first call assessment of what our company is going to do, it has a cash flow in the neighborhood of around $16 billion, $15 billion, or $16 billion. If we spend $12.5 billion on capital and $3 billion for dividends, that is essentially, living within our means. That means that the debt won't go up or won't go down. If the market is a little bit helpful to us, then what the first call has, the debt will go down. If the environment is not as good, it goes up a little bit.
Neil Mcmahon – Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Mielke, with Merrill Lynch.
Eric Mielke – Merrill Lynch: Good morning. I would like to follow-up from the question that Neil just had, around acquisitions. I realize that you have an analyst meeting planned for March and you may want to defer some of these questions, until then. Given that you have just had to take a very significant write down on various assets on your balance sheet, are there things you would do differently, going forward? In particular, I'm thinking about … Origin. Is that the sort of deal that you might continue to do, or is that the sort of thing that we should not expect to see, going forward?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: First, we always, like any company, will look at all opportunities. In the case of the Origin transaction, we see as a minimum of four LNG trains. The first one is coming in 2014. We expect to see a better pricing environment than we see today. We expect natural gas to be tied to oil price, and we see a significant amount of resource there, over and above what is already publically been noted. We see a lot of upside in that.  So, we look back at what we've done. We like what we've done. We look at our investment for the long term. We are going to spend $12.5 billion in our capital program. There is nothing in it for acquisitions. We say we are going to live within our means.  There always is that opportunity to spend $50, $100, or $200 million if we have the right asset, acreage, or producing property, where we already have a position of strength. But, our plans to not envisage doing multi-billion dollar transactions, as we go through this near-term period of time.
Eric Mielke – Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you. Can I ask, do you have any update on recent expiration, any expiration that you have included within your $12.5 billion budget for 2009?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: No, I don't think so. Of course, we'll update what we're doing in expiration, on March 11.
Eric Mielke – Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Sankey, with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everyone. I have three very specific ones, if I could. In US oil, particularly, historically your realizations have tended to be below headline market prices. This is for Q3 and now Q4, those realizations have moved to a premium. Could you help me understand the dynamics of that? Thank you.
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: Maybe John Carrig would help out with that. I think it has to be just the portfolio. There is nothing unusual taking place, with respect to operating costs or taxes. We ran well. We are watching our costs very carefully. I don't think there is really anything unusual there, John. I don't know.
John Carrig – COO: Yes, Paul, I would have to come back to you. There is nothing in my mind that stands out. Certainly, it is an observation worthy of our reply to you, but I don't have anything, at the moment, that stands out.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you. Secondly, you mentioned the very low utilization in Q1 for refining. I was wondering whether that's a level of utilization that you see, already in January, or whether the down time that you're expecting is effectively back-end loaded in the quarter?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: Well, we have some major refineries down to thirty or forty-five days turnaround. It was all scheduled.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: I guess I'm asking if they're down now, or are they going to go down?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: They're down now.
John Carrig – COO: Yeah, but we just don't disclose that.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Oh, okay, but essentially I guess we can rate the down time, over the course of the quarter, as opposed to thinking of it as back-end loaded? 
John Carrig – COO: Paul, what we give is just 80% for the quarter. The precise allocation of that, in a typical environment, these are timed to deal with a variety of factors. How much is down in March versus February; I don't have that available, right now. 
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Fair enough, and finally, were there any goodwill implications from the Origin deal?
John Carrig – COO: No
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Fair enough, that was a straight answer, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Cheng, with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Hey guys. I just have a quick question. John or Jim, I presume that given you want to … we should assume a share buyback, right now is probably on hold?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: We suspended it in early or mid-October and plans are that it will continue to be suspended.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Okay, and you gave a first quarter outlook for production similar to the fourth quarter. Any rough estimate on how your 2009 [target] may look like?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: We will give that to you, in March.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Okay. Headcount reduction, can you tell us where is the … of the headcount is being cut? What functionality? 
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: Well, we are really in the process of continuing to work our 2009 operating plan, all the way down to business units. When we say the business unit, that is the geographic location in E&P and by individual refineries. We will share that with you, in March, but the detail of that is not yet really known.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Okay, Jim can you tell us is it more on the administrative side or on the technical, functional side of the business?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: Well, it is a bottoms-up process, Paul. It's based on the needs of each individual staff and operating unit. We are still in the midst of finalizing these plans and we will review them, internally, shortly. We don't have a breakdown for you of where. Maybe we will be able to give a little more color on that, in March.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Okay, two final, short questions. One, [Ann] Canada Joint Venture, is both the upstream and downstream development plans still remain on track as is it based on the previous program, or has that been changed? The second one, I'm wondering if you can give us some color, in terms of the industry-wide cost trend. Have you started seeing meaningful jobs in the … way, and if you do, when do you think the company will start to see some benefit showing up in your operating results, your financial results?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: First, on the downstream and joint venture with [Ann] Canada, there is no change in what we're doing. In terms of the upstream, there is no real change. It might be that some of the investment and adding on the wells slowed down somewhat. There is no change in strategy, what we're ultimately going to do, but maybe some slow down in terms of the capital and how quickly we bring on the production. Cost trend – know that costs are coming down, somewhat, but I can't really comment on that. Maybe John or Sig can, whether we have really seen significant reductions yet.
John Carrig - COO: I would comment that as you might expect, we are aggressively pursuing reductions, not just with our own direct costs, but also the companies with whom we do business. We are starting to see some reductions. I don't have the multiplier factors for you, at hand, but the time that will take to work its way into the system, a lot of it is capital. A lot of those costs get capitalized. Some is operating costs, but there is a LAG effect, just like there was a LAG effect on the way up. 
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: It's around the world, both upstream and downstream. Some of our projects that we defer, we are deferring not that we are going to do them. We just defer them because we want to go back and rebid or wait six or twelve months because we think we are going to get a better cost structure. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Gilman, with Benchmark
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Good morning, I had a couple of quick things. First, the release indicates you took the impairments in the downstream side on two refineries. Can you identify which ones they were, please?
John Carrig - COO: No Mark, obviously, we haven't' identified that. I don't know that we have any plans to do that. 
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: … solvent, or not, John?
John Carrig - COO: I don't think we have any plans to do that.
Unidentified Company Representative: We don't identify it for competitive reasons.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Okay, do you plan to be able to formally sanction the Shah Gas project in 2009? 
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: That is the plan.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: And it is not changed by anything in the environment, that you envision?
John Carrig - COO: Not that we see right now.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Can you give us a rough idea of the impact, in 2009, of the royalty changes in Canada, with respect to both the natural gas as well as the oil… inside? What is it going to cost you, in terms of production?
John Carrig - COO: In 2009, we would not expect a material impact because we our heavy oil projects were in the early phase. That still persists until – there is an early phase reduction that still persists. 
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: About natural gas?
John Carrig - COO: We don't see – there obviously are going to be some impacts. It's muted at lower prices, but we don't see a major impact.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Finally, in your interim, you talked a little bit about reserve ads in 2008 and other adjustments. Was there any production sharing contract related price benefit implicit in the additions number, which you provided at that time?
John Carrig - COO: Yes, there were price reductions that were, to some extent, offset by impact of production sharing contracts and Canadian royalty effects.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Quantify the positive impact of the [PFC] effect, John?
John Carrig - COO: No, we haven't done that, Mark.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Thanks guys, very much.
Operator: The next question is from Doug [Flegitt] with Howard Weil.
Doug [Flegitt] – Howard Weil: Thank you and good morning, guys. I have a couple of questions around reserves and portfolio debt. I guess that the first one is on LUKOIL. Just as you said, you can't estimate the earnings for LUKOIL; neither can you estimate what they are going to see about reserves when they come with DOT. Is there any risk, or have you fully taken account of any possibility that they're going to have significant impairments, also?
John Carrig - COO: Are you referring to the current outlook? 
Doug [Flegitt] – Howard Weil: Yes, I'm talking about the reserve changes that you've already announced. How have you taken into account what might happen with LUKOIL, in terms of potential impairments? You full consolidated, obviously.
John Carrig - COO: It's an equity affiliate, but yes, we apply the same – obviously, they're an equity affiliate. We do get – work with LUKOIL and we're not going to get ahead of what LUKOIL is going to determine, but from our perspective, we followed the same processes this year, that we followed in the prior years. It includes our assessment of LUKOIL reserves.
Doug [Flegitt] – Howard Weil: You have full access to the appropriate [sealing] test information, and so on?
John Carrig - COO: It's not a full cost accounting exercise, but yes.
Doug [Flegitt] – Howard Weil: Over the past few years now, if you look at the averages, obviously reserve replacement hasn't really been there. I guess the question is, do you feel confident with what you have, right now? This can relate to the acquisition question; have you got the portfolio depth, to sort of maintain the targets you had laid out over the last few years?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: What you will see from us, in March, is that we believe that we have the resources that we will replace our reserves over the next five years, without banking or having to have expiration success, or having to make an acquisition.
Doug [Flegitt] – Howard Weil: I guess, Jim, that the follow-up on that is, and I understand this is not something you want to disclose, at this point, but under pricing scenario, is that possible in a $50 environment, or does it require … to an $80 environment?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: No, let's put it this way. I don't want to give you the specific numbers, but it doesn't require $70 and $80 price environment. 
Doug [Flegitt] – Howard Weil: I guess the final one is going back to Mark's question on Shah. Shah and Origin are both fairly big CapEx items that you committed to, last year. Could you give us an idea, in light of just how significant those capital commitments could be, what are some of the indications of the break-even economics? Where do they not work, given that you have recommitted to sanctioning Shah, this year?
Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO: I don't have right at hand, and then for competitive reasons, I don't think we want to give that to you. In terms of commitment and the amount of money that is going to be included in our capital budget, you are going to see that when we come to you in March.
Doug [Flegitt] – Howard Weil: Right, I'll leave it there, thanks.
Operator: As there are no further questions in the queue, I will turn the call back to management for any closing remarks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks Jim, and we appreciate everybody that participated in the call, this morning. Let me remind you that you can find the presentation that Jim walked through, this morning, along with the transcript of the call today, on our website, www.conocophillips.com. I wish everybody a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today's call. This does conclude the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Russell - GM of IR Jim Mulva - Chairman and CEO John Carrig - COO Sig Cornelius - SVP of Finance and CFO
Analysts: Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Michael Lamotte - JPMorgan Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch Mark Gilman - Benchmark Neil Mcmahon - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Welcome to the ConocoPhillips third quarter 2008 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. 
Gary Russell: Thanks, Jen. Welcome to everybody on the call this morning to the third-quarter conference call for ConocoPhillips. Joining me today is Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Carrig, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Sig Cornelius, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. The slide presentation that Jim Mulva will take you through today is intended to help you with your understanding of our financial and operating performance in the third quarter. And you can find this presentation on our website, conocophillips.com. If you will turn to page two with me now, you will find our typical cautionary statement. That cautionary statement basically says that we will be making forward-looking statements in our presentation today, along with responses to your questions. And those forward-looking statements include our current view of expectations. Actual results can differ materially from what those expectations are and you can find those items that might cause expectations to be different than actual results in our SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Jim Mulva.
Jim Mulva: Welcome to our conference call. I am going now right to page three of our presentation, and as we normally do, we will go through these slides. You can see in the third quarter our income was $5.2 billion, which is $3.39 a share. We generated $7.5 billion of cash from operations, so our debt to capital ratio remained unchanged at 19%. Now on our upstream business, we produced 2.17 million BOE a day and that includes 422,000 BOE per day from our LUKOIL investments segment. Downstream, our refinery utilization rate was 87%, that's down from last quarter and it is primarily due to the hurricane impacts. We purchased $2.5 billion of our stock in the third quarter and that reduced our average shares outstanding to 1.528 billion shares; 116 million shares lower than the third quarter 2007 average. We are pretty pleased with our strong operating performance when you give consideration to the negative impacts from the Gulf Coast hurricanes in the third quarter. So I am moving now onto page four of the presentation, total company net income. Here you can see that third-quarter net income of $5.2 billion was $251 million lower than the prior quarter, which was $5.4 billion. That's shown on the gold bar on the left-hand side of the chart. So if you move from the left to the right, you could see our contribution from asset rationalizations in the third quarter was $129 million higher than the second quarter. Then we had prices, margins, and other market impacts reduce third-quarter income by $13 million. We had lower volumes, primarily from LUKOIL and refining and marketing segments. That reduced income of $232 million. I'll talk more about this when we go through the individual segments. There were a number of other items that in the aggregates had a negative impact of $135 million, and that's going to be covered more in subsequent slides. I'll now go over to the fifth slide, which is total company cash flow. And if you start on the left gold bar, you could see that in the third quarter we generated $7.5 billion of cash from operations. So that along with our cash balance at the start of the quarter $787 million, we had $8.3 billion in cash, which was available for use during the third quarter. As we move from left to right in the slide, you can see how we used this cash, which was $4 billion for our capital program, $710 million in dividends. We purchased about $2.5 billion of our shares. We ended with cash balance in the quarter of $1.1 billion. So I'm moving to slide six, which is our total company cash flow for the first nine months of the year. And you could see the pie chart on the left, total cash available for the first three quarters was $20.8 billion, of which $19.5 billion or 94% was generated from operations, $1.3 billion or 6% mainly came from a combination of a slight amount of debt increase and proceeds from asset sales. If you look at the pie chart on the right, you could see how we used $20.8 billion. We spent $11.2 billion on our capital program. We purchased $7.5 billion of our stock and paid $2.2 billion in dividends. Now, I am moving on to slide seven, start talking that Exploration & Production. And as you are aware, we experienced both lower crude oil and natural gas prices in the third quarter. Our realized crude oil price at the third quarter was $112.19 a barrel or $5.82 a barrel lower than the second quarter. Our realized natural gas price was $8.91 per Mcf, and that's $0.96 per Mcf lower than the prior quarter. And this is consistent with our previous guidance, as well as in our previous guidance, our production volumes were similar to last quarter and we are going to go through that in the next slide, which is page eight. Third-quarter production from E&P segment was 1.75 million BOE a day, which is basically flat from the second quarter, as we progress from the left-hand side of the slide to the right. Although, our production was basically flat during the third quarter, we had the variances which are positive and some that were down. So starting with the red bar on the left, you can see that production was 29,000 BOE a day lower in Alaska. This is primarily due to planned downtime and seasonality that we experience normally in this time of the year. Moving further to the right, our production in the Lower-48 was down 22,000 BOE a day, primarily due to the impact from the hurricanes. In Norway, our production was 19,000 BOE a day higher, mainly from the startup of our participation in the Alvheim Field. In Russia, production was up 15,000 BOE a day and that's due to the startup of the YK Field in the Timan-Pechora area up in Siberia. In addition, the production in Canada was 13,000 BOE a day higher due to lower planned downtime. Now it is important to note that even though production was higher in the UK, due to the startup of the Britannia satellite fields, that benefit was offset by planned and unplanned downtime and normal fuel decline. So when you add to this 1.75 million BOE a day, which is our E&P segment, and you add the equity share of LUKOIL's production, then our total company production totaled 2.17 million BOE a day in the third quarter. Now, moving on to slide nine, talking about E&P net income. Our income in the third quarter was $3.9 billion, compared to about $4 billion in the second quarter, which is shown on the gold bar on the left. So we move from the left to the right, contribution from asset sales increased income to $126 million, and prices and other market impacts reduced income $250 million when you compare third quarter to second quarter. Income has also improved $41 million compared to the previous quarter, as a result of just the impact of regional mix and divergence of effective tax rates on sales volumes. Then there were other items which improved earnings $13 million. This includes positive impacts from foreign exchange and production taxes. That's offset partially by higher DD&A and operating costs, as well as, adjustments and abandonment obligations. Now I'm going to move from the upstream to the downstream part of the company on slide 10. Our global realized marketing margins were higher in the third quarter. In the United States, the realized margin was $3.56 a barrel. Now that's up $2.33 a barrel from the second quarter and internationally $9.90 a barrel, which is up $0.85 a barrel compared to the second quarter. In the US, the realized refining margin in the third quarter was $9.03 a barrel, that's $1.26 a barrel lower than the previous quarter. We had the benefit from higher clean product yields and improved margin for secondary products, but that was more than offset by the narrowing of the heavy crude oil differentials and inventory impacts related to the decrease in crude and refined product prices. And then in addition, our ability to capture the higher Gulf Coast refining margins was impacted by the downtime in certain of our refineries associated with the hurricanes. Turning to the international market, our realized refining margin was at $11.24 a barrel, that's $4.54, a barrel higher than the previous quarter and that's due to reduction in temporary inventory builds and we had better clean product yields. International margins continue to be though negatively impacted by the poor hydroskimming margins associated with primarily our Wilhelmshaven Refinery. The domestic refining crude oil capacity utilization in the third quarter was 90%, that's 4% down from the second quarter, primarily due to the hurricane impacts. That impact was approximately 6% and was partially offset by lower turnaround activity. The international crude oil capacity utilization was 75%, its down from 88% the prior quarter and the weak hydroskimming margins continued to impact the utilization at the company's Wilhelmshaven Refinery. We didn't run the Wilhelmshaven Refinery at all time periods through the third quarter, because of the margins that impacts utilization. So worldwide, our Refining & Marketing crude oil capacity utilization rate was 86% compared to 93% in the prior quarter. Now I am going to go to the next slide, page 11, which is downstream net income. Our third quarter income was $849 million, which is $185 million higher than the second quarter, which was $664 million. That is reflected in the gold bar on the left-hand side of the chart. So if you move from the left to the right, you could see that prices, margin, other market impacts improved the income $207 million. This improvement is primarily attributed to higher global marketing margins. As previously mentioned, reduced volumes mainly as a result of the hurricanes, negatively impacted income a $128 million when you compare quarter-to-quarter. We did experience lower operating costs, mainly due to the reduced turnaround activity and this increased income is $77 million. There are a lot of other items in the aggregate that improved the income by $29 million. Now I'm moving on to page 12, the other segments. For financial reporting, page 12, our estimate of third quarter earnings from LUKOIL is $438 billion. This is lower than second-quarter estimate of $774 million. This is primarily due to lower volumes, prices, margin estimates. Net true up quarter-to-quarter was a positive $19 million. The income from our midstream business was $173 million that compares to $162 million in the second quarter, which is due primarily to higher margins, marketing activity and offset somewhat by the hurricane impacts. In Chemicals segment, our joint-venture contributed $46 million in income higher than the prior quarter of $18 million and primarily due to higher ethylene and polyethylene margins, offset somewhat by the impact of the hurricanes. Our emerging businesses contributed $35 million in the third quarter that compares to $8 million in the second quarter. It reflects primarily the higher spark spreads and foreign exchange impacts. Our corporate costs of $281 million were $95 million higher than the second quarter, primarily a result of foreign exchange impacts. So now I'm going to move on to our metrics, E&P and downstream on page 13. On page 13, it shows E&P income and cash per BOE for the years 2003 through 2007. By the way when we show our peer group, what we are really looking at is competition against the five largest publicly traded companies, and that is Shell and BP, and Total and Chevron, and Exxon. While we don't have peer data for the third quarter, obviously 2008, because we're the first one reporting, when you look at the third quarter, we would expect to be competitive on these metrics for E&P on an income and on cash per BOE. Now, I'm going to go to slide 14. We have the same peer group, and looking at the metrics for downstream on an income and on cash per barrel, it shows for the years 2003 through 2007 we expect to be competitive on both of these metrics as we look at the third quarter results. Now, I'm going to go to slide 15. Again the shaded areas are the same peer group, BP, Shell, Total, Exxon and Chevron. You can see that it reflects for a return on capital employed that no adjustments are made for purchase accounting. Adjustments made to the peer group reflect purchase accounting for them is attached to table three. So, our annualized ROCE for the third quarter of 2008 was 18%. That's compared to 17% for the first half. Then we go to the last slide, 16, which is our outlook. We recently announced a plan to create long-term Australasian natural gas business with Origin focused on coalbed methane production and liquefied natural gas processing and sales and expect to close this here in the next week or so. And then we recently announced the signing of an MOU with KazMunayGas in Kazakhstan and Mubadala from Abu Dhabi to negotiate terms for exploration and production in the N Block, the Nursultan block, offshore of Kazakhstan. This will be under a new subsoil use contract, and this is a new major exploration presence for ConocoPhillips in Kazakhstan. On downstream, we received our government approval in early September to keep permits associated with expansion of the Wood River refinery. It's located at Roxana, Illinois, and that's jointly owned by our company and EnCana. Then for the fourth quarter, we anticipate the company's E&P segment production will be higher in the fourth quarter than the third quarter. We expect our full year 2008 production to be slightly below 1.8 million BOE per day due to the impacts of the higher prices and the first three quarters of the year, higher prices and their impact on production sharing volumes. We experienced production loss associated with the hurricanes in the third quarter. We expect our exploration expenses to be in the range of $400 million in the fourth quarter. Now, on downstream fourth quarter, our crude oil capacity utilization rate is expected to be in the mid-90% range. Our turnaround costs are expected to be about $75 million before tax. Share repurchases have continued into the fourth quarter. Through the end of October, we will have purchased about $8 billion in 2008 under our previously announced program. Stock repurchase levels for the balance of the year will depend on the market conditions that we see in our capital commitments, and we're going to update the market in the early to mid part of December on the anticipated level of share repurchase that we expect for remainder of the fourth quarter. Along with that announcement, we will announce what we have in mind for our 2009 capital program along with anticipated share repurchase plans for 2009. So, that completes the prepared remarks, Gary. And so, I think we are ready now to take questions and comments from those participating in our conference call. Gary Russell Okay, Jen, go ahead and queue up the questions please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Robert Kessler with Simmons & Company.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: I appreciate you're going to give us a more complete update in December in terms of your capital program and share buybacks, but it seems every day brings new volatility and a lot of shifting opportunities one would think in the balance between buybacks, organic investments, and potential M&A. I'm curious if you could just give us perhaps some more qualitative comments at this point in terms of how you are thinking about the relative mix between those three buckets.
Jim Mulva: When we look at the marketplace, the business environment and the worldwide economy and the political situation, when we look at how we are going to manage through this difficult time period and the challenges just outlined, we are looking at not just the remainder of this year, November and December, we are already looking out for all of 2009. So, we're really looking at this 14-month time period. Obviously, we look beyond 2009. So, what we have done as a company, we are very pleased with adding new opportunities. And I'll just name a few of them: the Nursultan block that we expect to close later this year, the Shah sour gas large project that we are involved with in, in Abu Dhabi and then the Origin joint venture in Australia. So, we have added quite a few new things to an already pretty substantial opportunity list of what we are going to be investing on over the next five years or so. So, as we look at this, first and foremost is that we want to maintain a really strong financial balance sheet position with flexibility and credit capability. Second, we want to fund those capital commitments and opportunities that we have as a company. So looking at what we have added and what we're already doing, and I am not enumerating all the different things that you are very familiar with, we expect that we will most likely have a capital program in 2009 that looks a lot like what we're going to experience in 2008, which is in the neighborhood of, say, $15 billion. After always maintaining a strong balance sheet and funding our capital program -- by the way, when we fund our capital program we don't want to ever lose optionality. So, there are some things just because of market conditions, say, drilling programs and all because of the lower price environment that we see in North America, say, Canada and Lower 48, there are things that we can defer, but we don't lose the optionality. We are making all of this fit. So, having maintained a strong balance sheet, funding our capital program through this downcycle, we like the discipline of annual increases and dividends. And then whatever the market gives us over and above all of those things, then we will be considering buying our shares back in, because we like the price that we see for buying our shares in. So, that gives you hopefully the color of how we approach looking at things. It's not just November, December. It's what we look at between now and the end of 2009. Then the other thing is that we like to have a fair degree of flexibility capability. There will be the opportunities to pick up some attractive acreage where we already have strong positions, say, in Canada and the Lower 48. We are not talking about large amounts, but there may be the opportunities for $100 million or $200 million or $300 million. And we want to do that to really support our basic business not just today, but over the next number of years. So, hopefully I've given you the color of how we approach the priority and the sequencing if we look through this challenging environment that we are managing through.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Jim thanks for the color, and I appreciate the preliminary $15 billion number kind of flat year-on-year. Any thoughts as to what kind of inflation or deflation, as the case may be, embedded into that figure so far?
Jim Mulva: Well, we haven't really built in expectations of lower costs. So, we are still using pretty strong inflation expectations for 2009 and subsequent periods. But we are starting to see the moderation inflation and some cost reduction in some of the things that we procure. And we're starting to see that there is maybe some softness in the rig rates. So that's not been built into our forecast. So, to some extent, you might view that as some upside. So that's how we have approached it.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Jim, we've seen very weak demand over the past few weeks, and I wondered if you could just make any observations that you've got in that respect. Our concern is that demand is now so weak that we may get to the point where we are at the cash cost of production for certain producers. Just from your perspective, given your position in Alaska, given your position in the North Sea, perhaps also your view of LUKOIL in Russia, could you just talk a little bit about what you think the cash cost is for you to produce in those regions? And also, you just referenced there, but if you could talk a little bit more about the extent to which those costs will fall as the oil price falls. Thanks.
Jim Mulva: Well, thank you. I thought you're headed first towards the downstream, and then as the nature of your question, it's more on the upstream side. But I'm going to use the opportunity to first talk about the downstream. We watch very, very closely what is the cash cost associated with each barrel of production by each of our refineries. So, obviously it will constrain production in the refineries if we're not covering our cash costs. But we monitor this very closely certainly on a day-to-day basis. And at this point in time, other than when we talk about Wilhelmshaven where we've cut back because of hydro-skimming margins, even though in difficult times, we see positive cash margins in the downstream. In terms of the demand, obviously the demand is down around the world, and you know all the statistics associated with that. In terms of upstream part of the company, maybe John Carrig or Sig Cornelius could talk more about it. But we are watching our cash costs very, very closely. But even with the levels of oil and gas prices that we see, we continue to see positive generation from all of our production. So John or Sig do you have something more to comment on?
John Carrig: I don't have any specific numbers for you, Paul. Jim went over the per barrel metrics and you can see the profitability associated with those as well as the cash costs. And you can infer from that what the level of DD&A is. Obviously, the three big factors or perhaps four, one is the absolute price of the realized product, two the tax level, three the DD&A, and four the operating costs which were impacted by utility costs as well. As prices come down, they do come down somewhat, but there are some costs that would be more fixed in nature? As Jim has indicated, there is some softness in rigs and tubular goods and we would hope to see that manifest itself particularly as if there was a significant and extended downturn, but we will plan to provide more granularity on that probably in March, but certainly as we progress.
Jim Mulva: Obviously, when we talk about a $15 billion program, if we go forward into 2009, we will not be as aggressive in our drilling programs, in the Lower 48 and Canada, but we are not losing the optionality to ultimately drill those wells. Also, we are looking at if we think that we are going to see costs come in, lower costs, the timing of that, both from the market standpoint, but also the cost of drilling those wells, you could say, well, maybe some deferral makes some sense just from the cost side. So, just want you to know how we approached looking at this. I don't know Sig; if you had something you wanted to comment on?
Sig Cornelius: No, I really can't add any more than what's already been said by John.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: What you are saying is that, let's say we are at 70 or somewhat softer today, but around that level your entire portfolio is now cash positive and I guess what you are telling me is that the operating costs are falling. Could you give me a sense of what percentage of the cost are the rigs? I mean, I'm thinking that labor probably will be pretty sticky in terms of costs. I guess obviously the DD&A for instance will be sticky, but could you just give me a sense for the sensitivities of the various components?
Jim Mulva: Not really. Maybe we could do that off-line, but we don't have, I don't have that immediately in front of me.
Gary Russell: Paul, what I would suggest is to take a look at the appendix in the presentation that we made in March at the analyst meeting, and there's some pretty good information on cost and cash contribution by region, and that's a pretty good place to start.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Yes, I appreciate that Gary. And you guys' disclosure is excellent. It is the sensitivity that we are really struggling with, but I take the point and we won't labor it. Jim, one thing you didn't mention if I could just briefly ask you, management change, you've made some shifts. Could you just make any observations about that? And I will leave it there, thanks.
Jim Mulva: Well, we made changes. Obviously, I have got a number of years to go as Chairman and CEO of the company and for personal reasons, several in our Management team have decided to not work full time, and so we just felt that at this point in time it made sense to make changes, not piecemeal, as we go through the next several years. So we put in place, we like the idea of having a Chief Operating Officer in John Carrig. If you look at all the changes that we've made, people are pretty familiar with having worked together in all of these areas. We think we have put a lot more focus, not that we haven't in the past, but there is more focus on basic operations of the company and cost discipline and everything. So we're pretty pleased with this and by having a Chief Operating Officer, we even put more focus on this during a period of time like this, and also the importance of relationships in all the projects that we are working on. So we put in place this team and I don't think you're going to see much change. You never know what's going to happen with respect to health issues or whatever. Everyone is healthy, and so, I don't think you're going to see much change over the next several years. We put it in place at this point in time and it's not piecemeal.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Gentlemen, I just have a quick question. Jim, thank you for giving us the priority of your cash use. Just want to follow-up, given the current market condition, should we assume you will be willing to borrow money for share buyback or I will ask the question that you want to live within your means.
Jim Mulva: Well, thank you. Your last comment is really true. We want to live within our means, which means we look at our cash flow and we want to make sure that we are covering our capital program. We like both the dividend, and we like the discipline of annual increases in dividends. So we start with that basic approach, live within our means. Now, we say with our balance sheet, our debt ratio is 20% to 25%. And we like to keep it right in that area, but now to the extent that we see less volatility, a little more certainty in terms of the marketplace. Both in terms of the environment of what we think oil prices and gas prices and crack spreads might look like as we go through the next 12 or 24 months. And we see that the credit markets become more attractive. Certainly at this point in time, there's not much depth or size and cost doesn't make much sense to us to be in the public debt markets. To the extent that we see a more certainty or more probability, what we think the environment looks like and the political situation, and the credit markets, well then we can consider whether we would be interested in bringing our debt up somewhat for share repurchase, but until we see more certainty or probability, I think our concentration is to live within our means, which is going to be strong balance sheet, maintain liquidity, and cash position and credit capacity, fund our capital program, right dividend increases. As to the extent that we see a better marketplace and better credit markets, then we would consider taking leverage up and buying our shares.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Jim, given the current stock market and the bond market turmoil, stock market has dropped say, more than 20% in a matter of say, weeks. Should we assume that any hit to your pension and correspondingly that you need to increase substantially your pension contribution, cash contribution or is there any hit on the P&L related to that?
Jim Mulva: We do have already in mind that we will put in more money into our pension fund and it has already been factored into our operating plans that we are putting in place for 2009, but it is not materially that different than what we have been doing over the last several years. We would update the financial community when we make our normal annual presentation, which I think is in March.
Gary Russell: Yes.
Jim Mulva: It's March of this year.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. That's great. And in the international E&P operation, the effective tax rate is about 4% lower than the second quarter. Is that just purely the production mix or is there any special adjustment we should be aware?
Gary Russell: That's the mix.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: It's just the mix. Okay. And in the international refining margin, I think, Jim mentioned that you guys benefit from some inventory changes. Can you quantify for us how big the benefit is?
John Carrig: The inventory changes are also a function of the realized crack. You can segregate those out, but the realized crack basically doubled or went up by $5 from $6 to $11 from the second to the third quarter. Some of that was inventory, some of that was the yields, and it all factors into the margin. So, clearly there are certain inventory effects, but they were largely impacts that we suffered some in the second quarter and the inventory impacts were basically reversed in the third.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Yes, because, John, if we are looking at even your own indicators, seems like the international margin was down sequentially, so it's a bit surprising that how strong it turned out to be. So should we assume that the entire increase is really related to the inventory benefit or that is only a small portion?
John Carrig: No, we would characterize it as relatively modest. The marketing margins were better.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: No, but I'm talking about your realization in the refining margin in the international. It's up $5 nearly and based on even your own benchmark indicator it is down sequentially, so we are trying to reconcile what is causing such a great margin realization.
John Carrig: Once again, I think from our perspective in relative terms we felt that the margin in the second quarter wasn't as good as it could be. That was to some extent impacted or offset when the third quarter showed up. So the realized margin in the third quarter. Gary can try to help you off-line if there is more detail, Paul, but that is overall how we see it.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: That's great, final question. All region, can you give us some kind of production outlook for the next two or three years?
Jim Mulva: Well, production is going to be rather modest over the next several years, but we are going to update that when we announce doing the transaction. But you will get more of that in March.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lamotte with JPMorgan.
Michael Lamotte - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning, gentlemen. Would you mind sharing with us your thoughts on financing for Origin? I guess given the short-term nature of the commitment you will borrow against your existing credit lines, but in light of what's going on in the broader credit markets, I just was curious as to what the long-term financing might look like.
Sig Cornelius: Well, we have already essentially arranged all the financing for Origin. We have the cash on hand. We have several billion dollars in commercial paper that we use, and we have a strong A1/P1 rating and access to the marketplace is good. And so, we don't like the long-term markets at this point in time. But as we go into 2009, we probably will pick some of that long-term. And we just think that the markets will settle down and we will have better opportunities. We just don't want to burden the company with issuing any kind of fixed rate money long-term at interest rates that we think are much higher than we ought to be paying. So it's already arranged. And so that's basically what our plan is.
Michael Lamotte - JPMorgan: Okay. I'm hearing from other companies that issuance premiums today are sort of running 50 to 75 basis points just given how locked up the credit markets are. Is that about the kind of break that we would be looking to see before you would term some of this out?
Sig Cornelius: Well, I don't want to talk about other companies, but a few companies, sizable large companies both in and outside of our industry have done some longer-term public issuance and have been in the neighborhood of 400 basis points over treasuries. We'd like to see dramatically better spreads than that. So, we just don't like to be paying kind of those spreads, don't think we should.
Michael Lamotte - JPMorgan: I agree. Jim, on the political front, our Washington analyst team thinks that's the Obama camp would like to come after big oil to the tune of about $10 billion to fund alternatives and renewables. Do you have any thoughts on where we stand with windfall profits or other potential changes in taxes that would impact you next year?
Jim Mulva: No, I don't have any further thoughts with respect to the specifics that you've outlined. But there is a little doubt that our industry is going to be really challenged with respect to the public's view towards the income that we are earning and reporting. Of course, in our industry, we are really the primary solution to providing energy in the future. So, we think that any increase in taxation takes away from our ability to fund our capital programs. And then furthermore, it's a direct impact on employment. I mean we are the ones that know how to do this. We are making the investments. We need to make the investments, and it really relates not only to providing energy, but also jobs. The other thing is as we already pay taxes that are at a rate double of what the rest of industry in the United States do. Now, that's what the rules are, and that's fine. But on the other hand, any increased taxes are going to result in less investment, less supply and less jobs. On the other hand, we have seen the market work. $147 oil price was too high, but the market has adjusted and worked. And oil prices and natural gas prices and crack spreads have adjusted. That's how the market works. And so, we have a real challenge in front of us. And our challenge is we understand the public domain with respect to the volatility and cost of energy, but we also are working in a political process that doesn't have a great deal of knowledge and understanding of what our industry really does. And so, we have to really stand up and talk and make known our point that increased taxation and regulation is just not the thing to do. The other thing is we have reported our earnings for the third quarter. You know what the oil and gas price and crack spreads are. The sustainability of earnings if we just report our third quarter is not going to be $5.2 billion. It's going to be dramatically less, given the metrics that we look at and the market conditions. So, those are the things that we have to make known in the public domain.
Michael Lamotte - JPMorgan: Well, I would hope that as you pointed out with the corrections in those margins and commodity prices as well as the sensitivity to jobs in the current economy that sort of cooler heads would prevail. But I'm glad to hear you are sort of prepared for the worst it sounds like.
Jim Mulva: I don't know how well prepared, but we are certainly going to make known --.
Michael Lamotte - JPMorgan: Working to make sure it doesn't happen, I guess.
Jim Mulva: And we certainly solicit your help as well.
Michael Lamotte - JPMorgan: Fair enough. Last question for me on LUKOIL. Given the intensity of the credit crisis and sort of market confidence issues in Russia in general and the importance that LUKOIL has had in terms of contributing to volumes and reserves for Conoco the last year, in the event that they run into credit issues or cash issues, do you have the ability to sort of maintain their programs with some sort of credit extension to them or a true-up in terms of increasing interest and share projects and that kind of a thing?
Jim Mulva: Well, we stay in close communication with LUKOIL and with Vagit Alekperov, and we certainly recognize what's happening in the Russian marketplace and the issues in terms of access to the markets and the capital markets. But they have their challenges, and they work through them, and they know what their operating capital programs are and the financial plan. But there is no discussion or no plans with respect to ConocoPhillips changing our ownership position from 20% LUKOIL, and we have no plans to be extending credit or cash advances to LUKOIL.
Michael Lamotte - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator:
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch:
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. I'd like to stay with the theme of LUKOIL and Russia and just asking you about the changes in the taxes that we are seeing over there. Firstly, there is a temporary reduction in the export duty in the fourth quarter. What the impact would be on your profitability from the YK fields? And also, if you can comment on the extension of the tax reductions to Timan-Pechora, which I think would take effect from next year; whether the YK fields would qualify for that tax reduction? Finally a broader question on Russia. Given the turmoil and the changes that we are seeing there, whether you are seeing increased opportunities for you to pursue additional projects and partnerships with LUKOIL or with others?
Jim Mulva: Okay, the first question, the YK field, does qualify for these changes in taxation. And the result will be as we ramp up production in 2009, we will see increased profitability return from that production. So that's going to be helpful to us in Russia. And the second point, it's quite true. We see opportunities. Of course, we have to work through these and make sure that working with LUKOIL and with Gazprom and others that what are those opportunities to invest primarily in the upstream part of the business in Russia, possibly outside of Russia, but let's just talk about inside Russia. I think there will be more opportunities, because Russian leadership has indicated that they feel that it is important to have international companies not just in the oil and gas business, but international companies in all industry participating and making investments in Russia and Russia is wanting to grow and develop their relationships in the world community. So, we do see that there will be some opportunities, but we need to work them very closely and make sure that they meet the objectives of what we (inaudible) and that they also meet the objectives, whether it's LUKOIL or Gazprom. So, it's during periods of time like this that we do see the opportunities, but you have to really work them well and make sure that you get them sorted out right for the long-term for the company.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: And then there are sort of things that you are considering with Gazprom, would that be focused on the LNG markets or the domestic market?
Jim Mulva: Well, I don't think it's probably appropriate for me to get into that. I just a week or two ago met with Alexei Miller, CEO of Gazprom, and we are discussing several of those opportunities. But I don't think it's appropriate to go through what specifically they may be.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. Can I ask on the current trading environment for both crude and for products? Given the financial markets and the turbulence that we have seen there, how is that impacting who you trade with and how you do business and what do you think of the prices that we see on the screens?
Jim Mulva: Well, we watch this very carefully. What we have seen is that the financial markets seem to have less presence in backing away from being in the trading business, the commercial business. We as a company have a pretty sizable commercial organization, but we don't speculate and take flat price risk or anything, we just trade around our assets and our volumes. We need 3 million barrels a day to run our refineries and we have 1.8 million BOE a day of production that we need to sell at competitive prices. So we actually see an opportunity to some extent in the commercial side of the business, and we see the financial participants having less of a presence. So commercial organization continues to make contribution both upstream and downstream and whatever we earn in trading around our assets and our volumes, we actually allocate that back into higher realized prices both upstream and downstream.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Final one from me, on the exploration expense guidance for the fourth quarter, $400 million, somewhat higher than where you have been running recently, any specific projects you want to highlight?
Jim Mulva: No, I don't think so.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gilman with Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: I have two things. First, I was wondering if you could just give a brief update on where things stand vis-à-vis an upgrading project at Wilhelmshaven. Secondly, going back to an objective discussed in March of this year, Jim, you commented on an effort underway to essentially rebuild the exploration component of the company's upstream program. Since that point in time, yes, you have acquired some leases in the (inaudible); the memorandum of understanding in terms of the N-Block, but frankly it seems as if the focus has really been a bit more on discovered resource opportunities, namely Abu Dhabi and Origin. Is the objective vis-à-vis the exploration program still very much intact or are you thinking of shifting?
Jim Mulva: Okay. First on Wilhelmshaven, even with the challenging market conditions that we see when we look at our conversion project at Wilhelmshaven and it really has a good rate of return. So we look at how can we do it even better? That is in our capital program going forward. No change in exploration. Maybe, we haven't come out and identified exactly this program, where we are going and how we are adding to it, but we will do better and you will see more of that when you see the March presentation, but there's no change with respect to our direction. We've actually put quite a bit of money during 2008 towards capturing these opportunities and picking up acreage. So I don't thing think we've done as good a job obviously that we could have with respect to yourself, Mark, or others. So we need to do that better.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay. If I could just follow-up, that $400 million expense in the fourth quarter, I would assume that that's not drilling activity, but perhaps G&G and/or additional lease amortization.
Jim Mulva: Well, let us come back to you on the details of that, because I don't have that right in front of me, but Gary, you can call Mark.
Gary Russell: Yes, I'll call you, Mark. I would say its all three components. It's not heavily oriented towards one or the other.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil McMahon with Sanford Bernstein.
Neil Mcmahon - Sanford Bernstein: A few questions. Maybe to start off with first one on Origin, given what's happened to the market conditions while you were negotiating this deal, paying by our calculations 30% premium above the BG bid on a unit basis for the gas position seems a bit rich, and sort of feels like what happened during the Burlington acquisition in terms of timing. Is there any chance to renegotiate this bid, given what's happened to the entire energy complex even though Australia has held up reasonably and before you pay the $5 billion upfront payment?
Jim Mulva: Well first, there is no real opportunity to renegotiate in the transaction that we have agreed to do and with respect to the premium over and above what you outlined for British Gas. Of course there's different assumptions that could be made, what we see ultimately is four [trillions] of LNG and that was factored into our forecast. And even though we had some pretty strong inflation assumptions as we went forward over this next number of years and to the extent that we see some help on terms of inflation constraint, that is going to help with respect to our returns, but no, we expect to close the transaction here in the next week or two.
Neil Mcmahon - Sanford Bernstein: Jim, this may be a bit flippant a point, but is there not an issue just with the overall strategy going forward? As you continue to put in a higher bid than the next company, that one could argue that you are nearly bidding away any price raise from LNG you may see in the future and you will never really get that uplift in returns and therefore be competitive if you keep doing these sort of deals. I just thought it was odd for you to go into something you've never done before really and pay a price well in excess of where the stock was trading at the start of this year.
Jim Mulva: Well, first of all, we utilized our expectations of prices that were not prices that were in the marketplace at the time we actually agreed and announced the transaction. So, we have far more modest assumptions. Second, this is our business. We are one of the biggest coal bed methane producers through our experience in San Juan and other places in the world, we really know this business well and we know how to do LNG and we are in the markets in LNG in Asia. So we really know this well. That's really how we've approached doing the transaction. We like the country from their political perspective and we like the markets. We certainly understand what's going on at this point in time in the marketplace, but what we are really looking to is delivering LNG starting in 2014/2015 and subsequent years, and we expect the markets for liquefied natural gas to be much stronger than we see today. So that's really what we are investing at this point in time as for delivering these projects in 2014/2015. So that's how we have approached it and we felt realistic expectations in what the natural gas price would be in those years.
Neil Mcmahon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Maybe just moving onto the US gas production, sorry if I missed this one already. Just looking at the Lower 48 production, can you give us a sense from a natural gas point of view, what the drop was as a result of the hurricanes versus natural field decline for your US gas business in the third quarter both sequentially and year-over-year?
John Carrig: What we said was over 17,000 barrels a day quarter-to-quarter was the impact of hurricanes in the Lower 48.
Neil Mcmahon - Sanford Bernstein: Right, so let's put it another way. Do you think your onshore natural gas volumes from San Juan and other areas, did they go up or down in the quarter?
Jim Mulva: There were some impact on onshore just simply because some of the processing facilities and pipelines were backed up, because of hurricane stoppage, but the majority of the impact was certainly offshore, but there was some collateral impact onshore. I don't know what the onshore number is.
Neil Mcmahon - Sanford Bernstein: Well, where I am going with all of this, in the past you have commented that you've got a very little cost base for US natural gas production. I for one have been a bit surprised you haven't sort of picked up the drilling activity there if it is such a good economic base. Are we still looking at growing or keeping US gas production at least flat going into next year from the onshore developments or can you give us any new guidance given the market conditions?
Jim Mulva: We're actually working that right at this point in time and trying to determine just how much do we might want to invest in that production. Do we want to hold it flat? Just what do we want to do? Do we want to increase it, let it go down some? So we look at what is a return and what are the priorities in the capital program? Then what is very important for us is we don't want to lose the optionality of ultimately drilling those wells. So the plan doesn't change, it's just at what time do we drill the wells? So you made good points and the points that you made is what we take into consideration.
Neil Mcmahon: Right, because I've just been surprised that if the returns are so good should this not be the opportunity to even think about stepping up activity in gas if you look forward and potentially we've got a tightening supply market into next year if everybody starts cutting CapEx, what about you quys?
Jim Mulva: Well, for a $15 billion capital program, we will be cutting back some of our capital program, discretionary capital programs in North America, but as we said, we don't want to lose the optionality of drilling the wells. The details of that is, given the market conditions that we are living with and we don't know exactly what they're going to look like not only two or three months from now as it looks in 2009 it is something that we haven't finalized our position at this point in time yet.
Neil Mcmahon - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, as this is all the time we have allotted for Q&A, I will now turn the call back to Management for any closing remarks.
Gary Russell: Thanks, Jen. We just again want to a thank everybody for participating this morning and a reminder that you can find the material that we went through this morning on our website, conocophillips.com, and there will be a transcript of this conference call available later. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we do thank you for your participation in today's conference.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Russell – GM of IR Jim Mulva – Chairman and CEO John Carrig – EVP of Finance and CFO
Analysts: Michael LaMotte – J. P. Morgan Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Kasey Raydon – Sanford Bernstein Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company Eric Milkie – Merrill Lynch Jason Gamel [ph] – McCorey [ph]  
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator instructions) I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Gary Russell: Thank you, Jen and welcome to all who have joined us on the earnings conference call for ConocoPhillips for the second quarter of 2008. I have with me today Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO and John Carrig, our Executive Vice President of Finance and CFO.  Jim will be taking us through a slide presentation that’s been prepared to help you understand the financial and operating performances of the company during the second quarter of this year. This presentation along with other supplemental information can be found on our website, www.conocophilips.com.  If you turn to page two now, you’ll see our Safe Harbor statement and this statement simply says that there will be forward-looking statements made during our presentation today in the conference call and these forward-looking statements represent our management’s current expectations. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations. If you’ll take a look at our SEC filings, you’ll find information on items that could cause these material differences. So at this point, I’ll turn the call over to Jim Mulva.
Jim Mulva:  Okay, Gary, thank you, and I appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call. I’m going to start off on page three. See in the second quarter, our income was $5.4 billion, that’s $3.50 per share, and generated $5.4 billion in cash from operations. Our debt-to-cap ratio is 19%. It’s the same as it was at the end of the first quarter. In our upstream business, we’ve produced 2.2 million BOE a day, and that includes an estimated 448,000 BOE a day from our LUKOIL Investment segment. On the downstream, crude processing capacity utilization was 93%, that’s up from the 89% during the first quarter. As we have told the market, we purchased 2.5 billion of our stock in the second quarter, reducing average shares outstanding to 1.555 billion shares. It’s 103 million shares lower than the second quarter 2007 average. Share repurchase programs had a favorable impact on our per share metrics and you can see that on the next slide, slide four. Seen in this slide from last quarter, on the left-hand side, you can see the 103 million share reduction I just referred to. On the right side of the chart, you can see second quarter 2008 earnings per share were $0.60 higher than the same quarter last year. Now, that’s after adjusting for the Venezuelan impairment last year. $0.22 of that improvement is directly attributable to our share repurchases.  Now, we will update you on our future share repurchase plans for 2009. We will do that most likely December when we come out and announce our capital spending program for 2009. So, you can expect us to be doing between 2 billion and 3 billion share repurchase in the third quarter and the fourth quarter.  I’m going now to page five, second quarter net income was $5.4 billion and this is $1.3 billion higher than the previous quarter of $4.1 billion shown on the left-hand side of the slide. As you move from the left to the right, you can see the contribution from our asset rationalization program. The first quarter was higher than the second quarter by $114 million. Prices margin, other impacts improved second quarter by $2.1 billion, it’s the green bar, or net sales volumes in our LUKOIL and E&P segments harshly offset by higher volumes in our downstream and midstream segments. We reduced income, $97 million  As a result of the current price environment, production taxes in the second quarter were $264 million higher than the last quarter and most of this relates to Alaska. Operating costs were about $276 million higher than the previous quarter and we’ll go into more detail on that in subsequent slides. And there are other items that in the aggregate reduced income $85 million in the second quarter and most significant of that was a LUKOIL true up, which was outlined in our interim release earlier this month. And moving to page six, total company cash flow, we start with gold bar on the left, you can see we generated $5.4 billion cash from our operations in the second quarter, then you combine that with our beginning cash balance. So we had $6.9 billion of cash available for the second quarter. So, as we move from left to right, you see we also had additional cash from asset sales of $362 million. We used the cash to fund $3.6 billion of capital programs, $719 million of dividends and $2.5 billion in share repurchase. There is a slight increase, $432 million, in our debt balance and that has a lot to do with respect to the timing of substantial tax payments that we made in the U.S. as well as in Norway. Moving to page seven, total company cash flow, pie chart in the left shows total cash available during the first half of the year of $13.6 billion, 88% or $12 billion comes from operations, the remaining 12% from asset sales and reduction in cash balances and small increase in debt. So, looking in the right, what did we do with the $13.6 billion? We spent $7.2 billion on our capital program. Repurchased $5 billion of our stock and paid $1.4 billion in dividends. Now we go to page eight, starting on the left-hand side of the slide, we grew our equity to $94 billion. Our debt balance, shown in the middle is $21.9 billion and you could see on the right, our debt-to-capital ratio remains at 19%. So moving to slide nine, talk about E&P quarter to quarter. Realized price for both crude oil and natural gas were higher in this quarter. Our realized crude oil price was $118.01, that's $25.13 per barrel higher than the previous quarter and our realized natural gas price was $9.87 per MCF, that’s $1.84 per MCF higher than the first quarter. As we indicated in our interim, E&P’s production volumes were lower than the previous quarter and we’ll talk more about this on the other slide, and we had higher production taxes mainly in Alaska and that had a negative impact on earnings. So I go to page ten to talk about our production sequentially quarter to quarter. Production in the second quarter from our E&P segment, now that excludes LUKOIL, was 1.75 million BOE a day, that’s 44,000 BOE a day lower than the first quarter, which was 1.79 million BOE a day, that’s shown on the left-hand side of the slide. So you move across from left to right, you can see that production was lower in Norway, Canada, United Kingdom and Alaska, and all of that totaled 61,000 BOE a day. Now, the vast majority of this reduction is due to planned maintenance and seasonality. Production in the Lower 48 was 17,000 BOE a day higher as we had reduced production due to planning maintenance in the second quarter. That was more than offset by the impact of restoring the production in the San Juan Basin that had quite a negative impact on us in the first quarter. And that related to the non-operated natural gas processing plant in the San Juan Basin.  Then you add our equity share of LUKOIL production and that takes you up to 2.2 million BOE a day, shown on the right-hand side of the slide. Moving to page 11, E&P net income for the second quarter was $4 billion, that compares to $2.9 billion in the first quarter. So we start with the green bar in the left, prices and other market impacts improved income $1.5 billion. As you move to the right, you could see that sales volumes negatively impacted income $47 million in the second quarter. Now this includes an adverse impact from inventory changes that does reflect the regional mix and the divergence of effective tax rates, rather complicated, but all in this $47 million. As mentioned earlier, production taxes were $264 million higher in the second quarter primarily in Alaska. Operating costs were higher primarily due to increased plant maintenance and we had also a higher olefin cost and this reduced our income to $107 million compared to first quarter. There are some other items in the aggregate that improved income $32 million; that's how you get to the $4 billion. Moving to page 12, downstream, our realized worldwide refinery margins were higher than the first quarter. Our U.S. margins were $10.29 a barrel and that’s $2.29 a barrel higher and then the international margins were $6.70 a barrel and that’s higher by $0.28 a barrel in the second quarter compared to the first. As we outlined in our interim update earlier this month, we do not fully realize the improvement in refinery margins in the second quarter and this is due to the significant negative impact from secondary products such as fuel oil, natural gas liquids and petroleum coke. These secondary products represent about 20% of overall refined product production in the second quarter. Our global capacity utilization was 93%, that's up 4% from the 89% in the first quarter. In the U.S., utilization was 94%, that’s 4% higher than the first quarter as our Gulf Coast refineries ran much better. International utilization was 88%. It was 2% higher than our first quarter, but we really move our hydroskimming margins (inaudible) impact with the Wilhelmshaven refinery. So, we have pretty good hydroskimming margins. We have run it and when we don’t, we shut it back in terms of production, and this impacts the utilization rate. If we look now to page 13, you can see downstream second quarter income was $664 million, $144 million higher than the first quarter income of $520 million shown on the left-hand side of the slide. You move from left to right, you could see the contribution from asset rationalization was $114 million lower in the second quarter than the first. Prices, margin and other market impacts increased income in the second quarter by $249 million, primarily driven by higher realized margins, partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange and higher utility prices. Overall, our downstream, we improved our volumes, which is the result of the higher U.S. utilization and that improved income to $84 million. We had higher operating cost mainly due to turnaround activity in the second quarter and that reduced income $102 million. There were other items in the aggregate improved income $27 million, the largest of that $27 million was higher equity earnings from affiliates. So now I go to slide 14, all the other segments we cover in this slide. Our estimate of second quarter equity earnings from LUKOIL is $774 million. It’s higher than the $710 million in the first quarter primarily due to higher realized prices for crude and refined products, partially offset by the true up that we previously reported. Now, the downstream income was $162 million compared to $137 million in the first quarter, mainly due to higher realized NGO prices. Our Chemicals joint venture, the income was $18 million, that’s lower than the previous quarter and the first quarter was $52 million and this is mainly due to benzene and polyethylene margins, which were negatively impacted by the higher of feedstock cost. And further, in the Chemical business, we had utility and turnaround costs were higher in the second quarter. Emerging businesses contributed $8 million in the second quarter compared to $12 million in the first, which reflects lower U.S. spot [ph] spreads and then we also had some plant maintenance. And our corporate costs were $186 million and that’s $7 million higher than the first quarter, primarily as a result of lower interest income on cash balances. Let’s move to slide 15, if we look at the E&P metrics, you could see the chart shows our E&P income and cash per BOE go back to year 2003 and then through the first two quarters of 2008. While we don’t have the period, the data obviously for the second quarter for the peer group, we would expect the effect of purchase accounting to continue to impact our earnings per BOE when compared to our peers, but when you look at our cash contribution per BOE, we continue to be very competitive and we expect to be in the second quarter. Go to the next slide, page 16, which is the downstream and you could see both on an income per barrel and a cash contribution per barrel, we continue to be competitive and expect to be in the second quarter. Then I go to page 17, which is return on capital employed. By the way, the shaded area on the peer group there is made up with the largest integrated public utility companies – that’s Exxon, Mobil, BP, Shell, Chevron and Total.  This pie chart reflects the company’s return on capital employed with no adjustments for purchase accounting but we do make adjustments for peer group reflect purchase accounting for them, for their transactions that they’ve done in prior years and that’s shown in table three, which is attached to the presentation.  Our annualized return on capital employed for the second quarter of 2008 was 20%, that’s 6% higher than the year of 2007, 5% higher than the first quarter of 2008. And I go to the last slide 18, the outlook. See now, we recently signed interim agreement with Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC) to develop the Shah gas field in Abu Dhabi and elsewhere in the Middle East, we approved the continued funding, moving forward for the development of the Yanbu Export Refinery project with Saudi Aramco. We’re pleased to be working with both ADNOC and Saudi Aramco on these world-class projects. It helps meet the growing demand for energy not only in the old Middle East but also around the world. We recently signed a MoU with Petrobras, as you know the largest to Brazilian Energy company, and with this agreement we hope to sort through opportunities to work together in our core businesses, upstream and downstream, as well as energy opportunities such as ethanol in Brazil. In North America, our joint venture with TransCanada, we plan to expand the Keystone crude oil pipeline system, providing additional capacity of 500,000 barrels per day from Western Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast. Then we look ahead in the third quarter, we expect our E&P segment production will be similar to the second quarter. We expect full-year 2008 production will be consistent with our operating plan, which we announced at the beginning of the year and that is 1.8 million BOE a day excluding the LUKOIL segment. We expect exploration expenses to be about $375 million in the third quarter. In our downstream refining business, we expect continued negative impacts on market cash due to the secondary product margins that I covered when going through the downstream part of the company. We anticipate our worldwide crude oil capacity utilization will be similar to the second quarter, reflecting continued lower utilization at our Wilhelmshaven refinery due to the weak hydroskimming margins. Turnaround costs in the downstream are expected to be $100 million before tax in the third quarter and then we expect our share repurchases in the third quarter to be between $2 billion and $3 billion, which supports our objective of doing $10 billion in share repurchases for 2008. So that completes going through the prepared comments and so we are ready to take whatever questions that those who are participating in the call may have of us.
Gary Russell:  Okay. Jen, could we go ahead and line up our questions please?
Operator:  Yes, sir. (Operator instructions) Our first question will come from Michael LaMotte of J.P. Morgan.
Michael LaMotte – J.P. Morgan:  Thanks, good morning. Jim, I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit on the Memorandum of Understanding with Petrobras? How that came to pass and I’m sure ultimately where you think it can go?
Jim Mulva:  Well, obviously, we are quite pleased with starting to work with Petrobras. We’ve worked a little bit with them in the past. We very much respect what they’ve done around the world and certainly in Brazil.  We’re merely looking at the opportunities on how we can participate in exploration and production both in Brazil as well as outside Brazil and then we also, with our large refining segment in North America, we kind of explore and ultimately, we’re having more crude oil production when there is an opportunities for us to be working with each other in the downstream part of the company and then for both companies. And then we also are working at – we need a lot of ethanol ultimately to blend into our gasoline and so we’re looking to opportunities of being such large ethanol producer in Brazil and how Petrobras participates in that where there’s opportunities for us to be working with each other. So to go any further than that, we are really in initial phases of this study work of the MoU but we‘re really pleased to be working with Petrobras.
Michael LaMotte – J.P. Morgan:  Is it possible that, and I know its early days, but is it possible that the relationship would even evolve JV-ing on hard assets or do you think at this point it would be left to project specific?
Jim Mulva:  We really don’t know. I mean we’re going to explore all the different opportunities but it’s just too early to come out and furthermore, this is always a sensitive area, so we just have to wait and see how this develops with time.
Michael LaMotte – J.P. Morgan:  Okay. And if I can ask you to sort of, I know you have good access and contacts in D.C. and if I could ask you on two issues kicking around Washington now, the windfall profits on the super majors and also the UCS [ph], if you have any comments on those?
Jim Mulva:  Well, first of all, we know that the public opinion has really been moving here in just the last few months, certainly understanding the challenge and issues with respect to energy and the high cost of oil and gas and so to the extent that the Washington and the states are looking at opening up more acreage, we think that’s something that the industry has always been looking for and we know there’s a lot of resources that are indigenous to the United States that we can develop without any compromise to the environment and so that’s very, very encouraging. So hopefully we’re going to see continued movement on that. With respect to windfall profits tax, we know that that's – with the high prices and all and the financial performance that companies, that’s an easy one to talk about, but on the other hand, the companies are reinvesting their income back into development of energy and that’s upstream and downstream, and we really need this cash to reinvest, to fund our opportunities and everything that we do would cost a lot more than the barrels that we produced in the past, so we really all think windfall profits tax is warranted given the huge cost, the capital cost and operating cost that we have to continue to replace what we produced. And furthermore, as a company or as an industry, we know that windfall profits tax in past has been tried. It really hasn’t to work. It’s actually led less supply and then actually higher impact on cost of energy. So, it’s really important for us to get that message out. We continue to do that. We just don’t think it’s warranted but we understand that it is talked about.
Michael LaMotte – J.P. Morgan:  Do you sense that the swing in public opinion towards more drilling, etc., sort of zaps the momentum for windfall profits?
Jim Mulva:  Well, it’s difficult to say on that. They’re really in some ways, (inaudible) but it is encouraged that I think the American public, it’s such an important issue to them and we recognize the hardship it has, the cost of energy, on everyone particularly those with less income. And so to the extent that we can be adding supply and moderating the impact on energy is something, and price of energy is something we really need to do to the American public. I think the media is becoming more balanced in all of this. The American public understands this although it’s such a challenge and it’s difficult. We need to add supply and I think that’s what’s happening with public opinion.
Michael LaMotte – J.P. Morgan:  That’s great. Thanks, Jim.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Paul Cheng with Lehman Brothers.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers:  Hey, gentlemen, good morning.
Jim Mulva:  Good morning.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers:  Jim, on the Shah gas project, any kind of preliminary production schedule or development plan you can share and what kind of reserve booking that we may be looking at in 2008?
Jim Mulva:  Well, I think it’s pretty mature to be getting into production levels or anything on Shah project. Obviously, we’ve been working as pretty closely with ADNOC for quite some period of time and we’re very pleased that we have come forward with our agreement. We’ve dedicated teams from both ADNOC and ourselves. We’re working well together. It’s a challenging project. We’ve taken quite an innovative approach toward how to do this one with ADNOC and I know there’s quite a number of issues with respect to value creation from the gas production, value creation from the liquids, since we had pretty innovatively put together and it’s just premature for us to get into reserve bookings or expected production levels. I think that will come probably more likely when we meet with the analyst in the early part of next year. But I will say that is in reasonable expectations on values of cost and values for oil and natural gas prices or whatever, we see that in no way have we compromised in going forward with the Shah project, have we compromised our hurdle rates of what we expect for returns on investment.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers:  Sure. Jim, I know signed on any day [ph], should we assumed that you will be able to book some reserve this year and also do you have a percentage of what is the H2S gas as a percent?
Jim Mulva:  No, I don’t think that you can expect us to be looking at booking reserves in 2008. I think in subsequent years, we will be doing that.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers:  And do you have a rough idea, is it 30% H2S gas or that is less?
Jim Mulva:  Well, why don’t we come back to you on that, but yes, it’s pretty sour gas and that’s why it is challenging and we’ve got really make sure we do our technical work and all in a way that this is done in no way and I know ADNOC feels very strongly about this and no way do we comprise environmental safety performance.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers:  Okay. I think that the next two questions, one is, BP and Shell recently have moved into the pipe gas in North America through acquisition. I’m wondering, Jim, when you’re looking at your portfolio, what’s your appetite on those non-conventional gas play in the U.S.? You already have some in your portfolio, any appetite to substantially increase it fixing the path [ph] as the other two guys did?
Jim Mulva:  Well, we’ve got a nice portfolio, both conventional and unconventional. What we need to do is really exploit it, which we certainly intend to do over the next number of years as we said in all of our conference calls and presentations. We spread this out in a way so that we make sure we do it well. We don’t give up any opportunity of drilling the wells ultimately.  It is not a question of how fast we go but we’ve got a really great portfolio, conventional and unconventional. And when we look at getting more aggressive, it’s exploitation but it’s also – we do continue to pick up acreage. And so, our approach really is picking up acreage. And so, we quietly do that and we are always working for – not only in the existing areas but what we think will become the new areas and new know how we place in the future. So, that’s really our strategy and where it is directed.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers:  So, Jim, based on what you just say, I suppose that we should not assume you’re going to make any multi-billion dollar acquisition, they are trying to (inaudible) expenditures. It is going to be more of a solution gradually, I think.
Jim Mulva:  Your assessment is correct. Making large acquisitions of assets is – we have done that in the past but we just don't think the environment is right to do that in creating value for our shareholders. So, what we were doing – our growth is really directed towards organic growth as I just outlined.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers:  Great. Two final questions, one, Alaskan gas pipeline, the Alaskan legislation just get approval to one of your competitive proposal. Wondering if you can give us an update what exactly that mean. Does that mean that you guys go with that one, or that does not really mean anything to your current proposal? And then last question is for John. Looking at the international, I’m not sure why do we have 140% tax credit and it is not in your special items. So, can you just give us some idea about what is that?
Jim Mulva:  Okay, first on the gas pipeline in Alaska. We know that in the state of Alaska, the legislators is considering approving the process of state working with TransCanada. We will have to see how that sorts out. With respect to the Denali project they were doing with BP, irrespective of what takes place with the approval or not by the state legislature, we continue to go forward with BP and the Denali Project doing our fieldwork this summer and moving right through a process of open season that we expect here in the next few years. So, it does not change at all, the aggressiveness in the plan that we’ve announced with respect to Denali and our work between ConocoPhillips and BP.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers:  Jim, on that, did Exxon have indicated whether they are going to join you guys or not?
Jim Mulva:  Well, ultimately, we would like to see everyone participating in the pipeline, all the producers, and whether pipeline company participates, and all that remains to be seen. I really shouldn’t be speculating or indicating for another company like Exxon. I think that is really appropriate for them to answer. Now with respect – as I said ultimately, I think everyone needs to participate. The question you had on the downstream for John, I will let John answer.
John Carrig:  The negative international tax rate primarily is due to outperformance by equity companies, which don’t record any tax on the equity earnings, because that is just by nature of the structure. And then, there were losses in some of the marketing and other businesses that we have internationally that produced a tax benefit in the consolidated accounts, and that resulted in a negative tax rate.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers:  So, there is no tax adjustment or anything, that is why you didn’t put it all as a special item.
John Carrig:  That is correct.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers:  I see. Very good. Thank you.
Operator:  The next question is from Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank:  Hi guys, good morning. It feels like a couple of the big ticket if you like guidance items are back in line here. Obviously you’re absolutely in line on buyback and we are looking at I guess levels of CapEx, if could confirm that they are exactly in line with what you have guided. The one area that you seem to be falling a bit short or at least based on what you’re saying seems to be falling short is on volume. I guess the previous guidance was for full year 1.8 million barrel per day ex LUKOIL. You talked about flat in Q3. I guess we can reasonably expect a bounce back in Q4, but could you just talk a little bit about where we can expect volumes to pan out at the end of the year?
Jim Mulva:  Okay, thanks. On share repurchase, I did comment on and so, market can expect we are going do $10 billion share repurchase in 2008 and going at a rate of $2.5 billion a quarter. Capital spending is going to be around $15 billion, maybe a little bit more, but $15 billion, $16 billion. But what we said, we are going to spend this year is about where we are going to be. On volumes, we said 1.8 million BOE a day ex LUKOIL. So, we are a little bit below that so you can expect with a flat second quarter or third quarter, that the fourth quarter comes up, and we still stand behind the 1.8 million BOE a day for 2008.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank:  Great, that is good. Good news. The second thing I had, Jim, was on Saudi. You said that you have agreed to spend more or rather continued funding for the development. Could you just clarify firstly what that means in terms of capital commitment? And secondly, could you give us a date around which you expect that maybe we might see some volumes out of that project? Thanks.
Jim Mulva:  Well, it’s a foreign [ph] project and I think we would come back here, I will say, I think it’s about 2012 when we really get going somewhere in there but we are in the process of actually going into the marketplace with the bids for the large units of that refinery. We expect to have a lot of interest and hopefully they will be within our ballpark guidelines of what we think the bid should be. And then, assuming that is all in place, then we announce we go forward with the project. So, that is where we are. We are working really well with Saudi Aramco. It is a challenging project, but once it is done and built, it creates a lot of value for both Saudi Aramco and ourselves. So, that is where we are right now in a marketplace with our bid packages, and we don't see big surprises, any real big negative surprises and it fits the guidelines and we will be going forward announcing.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank:  That’s good on the date. Jim, any hints you can give us about what kind of prices you are looking out for that refinery of that scale?
Jim Mulva:  We will tell you once we have confirmed the bids and so that is probably going to be something that we talk to the marketplace in the first quarter next year.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank:  Very good. Thanks very much, indeed.
Operator:  The next question is from Neil McMahon with Sanford Bernstein.
Kasey Raydon – Sanford Bernstein:  Hi, this is actually Kasey Raydon [ph] on behalf of Neil McMahon at Sanford Bernstein. We just wanted to ask you what your latest fees on Arctic exploration and what your drilling sands were there in the next year or so?
Jim Mulva:  Okay. Is this related to the Arctic?
Kasey Raydon – Sanford Bernstein:  Yes.
Jim Mulva:  I think you’re probably – most of your question is really related to Chukchi Shale, is that correct?
Kasey Raydon – Sanford Bernstein:  Yes.
Jim Mulva:  Yes, well, we are quite pleased that we’ve won the acreage and we are working through. It is a tough area that we have to do a lot of planning, but we know that we’ve got ten years I believe on these licenses, and so we have to get going pretty quickly. I don’t have right at hand. I don’t think you are going to see drilling anytime real soon because we got to do a lot of planning and get a lot of permits and approvals to do this. But we are working the schedule pretty aggressively and this is one that I just going to have to get a little more time before we give you more substance to just how this is going to be done.  
John Carrig: Yes, my guess would be you’re going to hear a lot more about it in the analyst meeting next year, but probably not a lot between now and then.
Kasey Raydon – Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  The next question is from Mark Gilman with Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company:  Guys, good morning. First question by the way of clarification, these adverse inventory effects, Jim, I believe you referred to one in the upstream, the press release were first to one in the downstream. Could you quantify these effects and explain a little bit more what gave rise to it? I think the downstream one internationally was associated with an inventory build, but would still love some clarification.
Jim Mulva:  Okay, John, maybe you can – 
John Carrig: The downstream inventory build, I don’t have a precise number at hand, but it relates to just an inventory cost and that resulted in an inventory charge in the second quarter. With respect to the upstream, that’s more of a mixed issue where it has to do with under list and over list quarter to quarter. And a mix of those between high – relatively high tax rate jurisdictions and less high tax rate jurisdictions and that mix resulted in an impact to the sales volume.
Gary Russell :  Mark, I would say further that when we look at the downstream inventory impacts, we would expect that to be a temporary impact because it is related to an inventory build in the second quarter and we would expect that to be liquidated before the end of the year.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company:  Gary, that is why I was asking for the quantification. I expect it is temporary also.
Gary Russell:  Yes.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company:  If I could ask another one, this one is for John Carrig a little bit off the wall. Your first quarter 10-Q indicated that you chose to defer the implementation of SAF 57 fair value accounting with respect to business combinations, John. Can you tell me why you exercised your option to defer that?
John Carrig:  Just to get more time. We don’t have any large business combinations that we are dealing with. So, there is no sense of urgency to get that in place.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company:  Doesn’t that relate to BR in particular and others?
John Carrig:  Not materially. There is some residual impact that you might have like some impacts related possibly to taxes, but those were not the drivers in that decision.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company:  Okay. One more if I could just, are you yet incurring take or pay obligations with respect to your commitments on free port and can you give us an idea of what that might be? If you were unable to utilize the capacity which you contracted for?
John Carrig:  Well, we will incur take or pay charges related to free port. As you may recall, we signed up for a term to process LNG and then we are also – because we funded that, we will receive some amount of that back. So, the net impact – I don’t have an annual number. That’s something that we can work to try to provide, if not in the next quarter, certainly at our analyst meeting 
Jim Mulva:  But isn’t it something that's rolled in every month. It’s not something that’s expected to be at one time.
John Carrig:  Right. Yes, that’s right. It’s going to be a – it’s an executory obligation and if we have the volumes, they will offset the transportation or the processing charges. If we don’t, then we’ll have the typical take or pay arrangement where you have an expense in the month where you don’t utilize the capacity.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark Company:  Will it show up in U.S. E&P?
John Carrig:  Likely, yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Milkie with Merrill Lynch.
Eric Milkie – Merrill Lynch:  Good Morning. A couple of quick questions on the – firstly, on the proposed Keystone expansion, can you elaborate what exactly it would mean for Conoco? Do you expect to have any shipping volumes toward the receiving end and if that (inaudible) near term impact on CapEx as well?
Jim Mulva:  Well, on Keystone, the expansion, yes, we expect to use it by taking Canadian crude all the way down to the Gulf Coast because there's good optionality to be in our refineries in Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast, both from Canada as well as from say Venezuela and other crudes that we can get from Mexico and other places around the world. So, we expect to do that. In terms of capital spending, it’s already been geared into our capital spending for this year and for subsequent years, but it’s going to be an equity investment but all of the cost and all of the capital will be just part of our capital program.
Eric Milkie – Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Thanks. Can I ask about your joint venture with EnCana and with any change to that joint venture from the corporate changes at EnCana, and in the event that there were to be a change of ultimate control of the EnCana part of the joint venture, would you have preemption rights?
Jim Mulva:  We don’t see any change in our EnCana joint venture. Obviously, EnCana is splitting into two companies but the joint venture will be not in the pure gas company. We are working to know the management well and they were part of the formation, obviously as a joint venture. In terms of – once it’s completed, which is going to take some time, we don’t have preemptive rights on things with respect to this joint venture.
Eric Milkie – Merrill Lynch:  Can I ask quickly on refining modes that you mentioned there was an asset rationalization with the net costs of I think it was $140 million. Would you elaborate exactly what that rationalization was?  
John Carrig:  Well, that rationalization related to the sequential difference. So there was a gain in the first quarter that didn’t show up in the second quarter because we didn’t have any asset –material asset sales from the second quarter. And so that variance is reflected in that $114 million dollar difference in the R&M chart.
Eric Milkie – Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  The next question is from Jason Gamel [ph] with McCorey [ph].
Jason Gamel – McCorey:  Thank you. Jim, you made reference earlier to your strong position in non-conventional resource in North America. There’s something you might be able to expand a little bit about, what your activity levels look like currently in the Bakken Shale and the Montney Shale, and then possibly even rank where you see the best prospectivity between those two plays and maybe put the Piceance and Barnett into that as well?
Jim Mulva:  Well, I think it’s probably better we’ve come in the back to you (inaudible) on that because really I don’t have right at hand just what our position is in terms of to date and what we expect to do. So maybe Gary, you could do that. In terms of whether how we rank them, what’s more perspective than others, that’s more of a competitive issue and I don’t think we’d like to share that with others but in terms of precision and all, maybe Gary, you can do that all fine.
Gary Russell :  Yes, I’ll get back with you Jason. 
Jason Gamel – McCorey:  Okay, great and then one more if I could. A lot of the macrostatistics are indicating sort of a 2.5%, 3% decline in U.S. demand for refined products. With your own experience as a marketer tend to confirm those numbers? Do you think they’re too high, too low? 
Jim Mulva:  Oh, we’re seeing demand down in all the markets particularly in the West Coast. So, we have to configure our operations and all the – to make sure that we run the right – have the right inventories. It’s – don’t want to have too much and certainly want to have the inventories you need to supply the marketplace and yet, on the other hand, the way we operate, we continue to expect that we’re going to operate our refineries with the exception of Wilhelmshaven because it’s a relatively unsophisticated refinery in the bid 90% level all in probably the whole 90s. So, yes, we’re seeing the demand falling off more on the West Coast than the other paths.
Jason Gamel – McCorey:  Okay and then maybe if I could just ask one last question on the strategic level. You have taken ownership in pipeline infrastructure that would generally have attracted utility rates return. Can you expand a little more on the optionality you see in ownership of assets like Rex and Keystone and I think you’ve only touched on Keystone a little bit. 
Jim Mulva:  Well, first of all we can see in terms of the capital invested. Obviously there’s some external financing in most of those and so the return on capital investment is pretty good and acceptable but doesn’t take (inaudible) flexibility over time to do something else but if we would like to, we can always do that but when you make a commitment– your economic commitment, then why pay someone else to do some of the financing for it on the basis of your commitment to use pipelines.  So, we look at that and say unless we see something that’s really attractive in terms of use someone else’s funds or financing. Then we might as well do it ourselves but yet not give up the option or flexibility refinance it differently in the future.
Jason Gamel – McCorey:  Okay. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator:  Next question is from Paul Cheng with Lehman Brothers.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers: Hi. Thank you. Jim, can you give us an update about the EnCana joint venture. I mean, how well is the progression ramp up. And also I think you were having some difficulty receiving the permit for it would there be any update on there. And also, where are we in the Surmont and also the YK production [method].
Jim Mulva: Okay, a number of questions. First EnCana, this joint venture both upstream and downstream is very integrated. We work upstream and downstream well separately as well, but really has worked well. From the top down to all the operating people, it’s a joint venture that’s going as well as any. We’re pleased with that. In terms of the production, we had some issues on our production with some mechanical problems in the first quarter but yet we seem to be doing a lot better. And so, for the year, we might be down 1,000 or 2,000 barrels a day net on this but we seem to be doing pretty much better than we did in the first quarter in terms of volumes coming from the EnCana joint venture. The permit for whatever cost, we’re working that because it’s pretty costly with EPA as well as the state of Illinois and I think, we’d like to think– I’m always an optimist– try to think we’re going to get this sorted out here in the next few months. We’re working very aggressively on it. We’re working with all the right people. So hopefully, we’ll have some use on that sooner than you might think. It is important for us to get sorted up. We think we’ll get there.  On the YK field, we did start our production and maybe John or Gary could tell you that it has come on pretty smoothly. And we’re quite pleased with what’s going on with respect to YK and hopefully, we’ll see some different fiscal. Some of the impact of the Russian fiscal tax changes will have some beneficial impact on the return for that project but in terms of volume, it’s already starting to ramp up.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers: What’s the current production, I’m sorry, with YK?
Jim Mulva: I don’t have the precise number on the current production. I know that we’re – it’s early production and continues to ramp up in line with our expectations but I don’t have the –
John Carrig:  Tell me (inaudible), with you Paul.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers: Okay, thank you.
Jim Mulva: It’s just actually starting up with its first (inaudible) and so, it changes from day to day as we sort this out but Gary we certainly have more info on our conference call next quarter.
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers: How about Surmont. Are we still looking at just 20,000 debt per day at this point.
Jim Mulva: Where?
Paul Cheng – Lehman Brothers:  The Surmont Oilsands Project.
John Carrig:  Surmont
John Carrig:  Surmont
Jim Mulva: Surmont is actually running quite well and Gary, maybe you have the numbers. I don’t have them in front of me for Surmont –
Gary Russell :  Well, we were looking at it as gross – about 100,000 barrels a day at peak and so the ramp up is going really well. We just started production early this year so you wouldn’t expect it to be at peak yet but it’s certainly within 15,000 or 20,000 barrels a day net pass we think it’s what we’re looking at. So I’ll get back with the actual numbers but–
Jim Mulva: It’s important to get the actual numbers on this.
Gary Russell :  I do know it’s in line – slightly ahead of the line to slightly ahead of expectations.
Operator:  Thank you, gentlemen. I will now hand the call over to management for closing remarks.
Gary Russell :  Yes, thanks, Jim. Again, we appreciate it – by participating on the call today and I would remind you that presentation material that we went through today along with the supplemental schedules are available for your use and viewing on our website, www.conocophilips.com. Thank you and have a good day. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Gary Russell - General Manager, Investor Relations Jim Mulva - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer John Carrig - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers Mark Gilman - Benchmark Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch
Operator:  Welcome to the ConocoPhillips first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. 
Gary Russell:  With me today is Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and John Carrig, Executive Vice President of Finance and our CFO; are here with me today. Jim's going to be taking you through a presentation that we believe will help you understand more fully the financial and operating performance of the company during the first quarter of this year. The presentation, as always, you can find on our website, www.ConocoPhillips.com. If you turn to Page 2, our normal cautionary statement, it basically says that during the presentation this morning and in answering your questions we'll be making forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, and those expectations could be materially different than actual results. You could find the items or the issues that might cause those differences in our SEC filings. So I'll now turn the call over to Jim Mulva.
Jim Mulva: . And I appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call. My comments are going to start on Slide No. 3.  You see in the first quarter net income was $4.1 billion. We generated $6.6 billion of cash from operations. Debt equity ratio is 19%.  During the quarter, as outlined previously, we purchased $2.5 billion of our stock, so if you go back and look back to the first quarter of '07, we've reduced our average shares outstanding by 5.2%. I have a slide here a little bit later to talk about that.  Upstream business, we've produced 2.25 million BOE a day. That includes 459,000 BOE a day, which is our estimate of production coming from the LUKOIL investment segment. On the downstream, our crude processing capacity utilization was 89%. That's down from 95% in the first quarter last year.  And during the quarter we announced a 15% increase in our dividend, so go back to 2002, we've been increasing our dividend at an average dividend at an average annual rate of 15%.  So I'm going on to Slide No. 4. You'll see our first quarter net income, $4.14 billion, or $2.62 a share. That was $230 million less than in the fourth quarter of last year, which was $4.37 billion shown on the left-hand side of the chart. As we move along toward the right from the left-hand side of the slide, you can see we had $88 million improvement from the results of our asset rationalization program when you go from one quarter to the next. We had prices, margins and other market impacts help us this quarter to $269 million. This benefit was more than offset by the impact of lower volumes in both upstream and downstream that reduced our first quarter net income by $283 million. Of the tax impacts, which are mainly the absence of the fourth quarter benefits including a one-time E&P item related to the Canadian tax rate change and then there's another in Chemicals which was related to a capital loss, these two things reduced net income $437 million when you compare this quarter to the fourth quarter of last year. Then there were other items that in the aggregate improved first quarter income $130 million. These included lower controllable costs or impairments or net interest expense, but this was partially offset by the options of a fourth quarter benefit related to the extinguishment of the Hamaca, that's the Venezuelan Hamaca project financing.  So we'll discuss these variances in more detail in our subsequent slide, so I'm going over to Page 5 or Slide 5, and we'll be including this in our future conference calls because we've been buying quite a bit of shares each quarter now. And if you look at the chart on the left you can see that we've reduced our average shares outstanding 87 million shares, about 5% compared to the first quarter of last year. Looking at the chart on the right, that reduction in average shares outstanding improved our first quarter earnings by about $0.14 compared to last year. I'm moving down to Slide No. 6, total company cash flow. So you start on the left-hand side, you can see that we generated $6.6 billion of cash from operations this quarter. So with this cash we funded the capital program of $3.5 billion, paid $730 million in dividends, and reduced debt $195 million. You can see we purchased $2.5 billion of our shares. We also had $335 million from asset sales and other sources that left us a cash balance at the end of the first quarter of $1.4 billion, pretty similar to what we started the quarter with.  So now I'm going on to Slide No. 7, the capital structure of the company. You can see on the left our equity grew to $91 billion. Our debt balance, shown in the middle part, a slight reduction. We ended the quarter at $21.5 billion of balance sheet debt. You can see our debt ratio on the right at 19%.  So now moving on to Slide No. 8, we start talking about E&P. Our worldwide realized crude oil and natural gas prices were higher this quarter than last. In the first quarter our realized crude oil price was $92.88 a barrel. Now that's $8.35 a barrel higher. And our realized natural gas price was $8.03 an MCF. That's $1.37 per MCF higher. Our E&P in production and sales volume were somewhat lower than the previous quarter, and we're going talk about that more in the next slide, which is Slide 9. Production in the first quarter from our E&P segment was 1.79 million BOE a day. It's consistent with what we gave in our guidance. This is 41,000 BOE a day lower than the first quarter production of 1.84 million BOE a day, and that's reflected in the gold bar on the left-hand side of this chart.  So we move along toward the right, production in the Lower 48 was down 61,000 BOE a day, and that's largely due to the unplanned shutdown of a nonoperated natural gas processing facility in the San Juan Basin and then also the absence of a one-time NGL volume adjustment that we had in the fourth quarter last year.  Production in the Timor Sea was up 14,000 BOE a day. That includes an improvement of 19,000 BOE a day due to the completion of fourth quarter planned maintenance and a 5,000 BOE a day reduction due to the impact of production sharing contracts.  And there was other items that increased first quarter production 6,000 BOE a day as compared to the prior quarter. Then you add our equity share of LUKOIL production, and so that totals 2.25 million BOE a day in the first quarter.  I'm moving on to Slide No. 10 about the income of E&P. Net income in the first quarter was $2.9 billion. That compares to $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter last year. So start on the left, you can see we had lower gains from our asset sales program and that reduced our first quarter income $17 million, and we had prices and other market impacts that improved income $743 million. Lower production and sales volume reduced income $168 million. And we had tax impacts, which were discussed earlier, reducing first quarter income $283 million. So there are a number of other items in the aggregate that helped us by $4 million this quarter and they included benefits or impairments, lower controllable costs, lower DD&A, which was mostly offset by the absence of that fourth quarter benefit from Hamaca project financing. I'm moving on now to the downstream. Slide No. 11, our global capacity was 89%. Now that's down 6% from last quarter. On our domestic capacity, our utilization was 90%, and that's 6% lower than the previous quarter. And that's due to higher planned maintenance in our refineries on the East Coast, and then we had the unplanned downtime at some of our refineries on the Gulf Coast. Now our international utilization was 86%. That's also 6% lower than last quarter, and it's due to weak hydroskimming margins that led to run reductions at our Wilhelmshaven refinery in Germany.  Now with respect to Wilhelmshaven, for a good share of the first quarter the hydroskimming margins were below $2 a barrel, which is lower than our cost to operate and therefore we made run reductions. And we saw similar market conditions in several regions in the U.S., and particularly around the Chicago and San Francisco as well as certain parts on the East Coast, where refining indicators were below operating cost for some of the time periods during the first quarter. In spite of these conditions, we chose to optimize our refining operations than to make significant run reductions. Our realized worldwide refining margins were lower this quarter than last. U.S. margin was $8 a barrel, that's $3.56 a barrel lower than the fourth quarter and the international margin, was $6.42 a barrel and that's $0.30 a barrel lower than the fourth quarter. And then our U.S. realized marketing margins were down $0.25 a barrel.  Now going to the next slide, the Refining & Marketing net income slide, you can see that in the first quarter our income was $500 million. And that's about $600 million lower than the fourth quarter of $1.12 billion, and that's shown on the left-hand side of the chart. And as you move from the left to the right, you can see we had the benefit of asset rationalizations in the first quarter. It helped us $105 million. However, prices, margins and other market impacts reduced first quarter a little over $600 million if you compare quarter to quarter. Now the largest portion of this variance relates to the absence of fourth quarter benefits from our planned crude and refined product inventory reductions.  So during the first quarter of this year, we were building inventories in anticipation of the switchover to summer grade gasoline; we just routinely do this. In addition, we had operating problems through most of the first quarter with respect to our FCC at the Humber U.K. refinery, and that reduced clean product yield and certainly impacted negatively margins and income.  So overall, our volumes in R&M were lower than the fourth quarter. That reduced net income $127 million. It's mainly due to lower utilization, as I talked earlier, reduction in our ownership of the Borger, Texas refinery from 85% to 65% that’s consistent with our joint venture agreement with EnCana and then there are other items that in the aggregate improved income by $21 million, and that included lower operating costs somewhat offset by higher taxes.  I'm now going to go on to Slide No. 13, the other segments. Our estimate of first quarter equity earnings from LUKOIL is $710 million, slightly higher than last quarter, which we estimate at $649 million. It's primarily due to higher estimated realized prices for crude and refined products and to some offset by higher export tariffs and extraction taxes.  Now, our earnings reflect that we own 20.6% of LUKOIL. In the second quarter we expect our ownership to go back down to 20%, and this is the result of LUKOIL's issuance of treasury shares with an acquisition they made, a purchase of a power company in Russia.  Income from our Midstream business was $137 million. That compares to $162 million in the fourth quarter, and it's down primarily due to lower realized NGL prices.  And our Chemicals joint venture contributed $52 million, a little bit higher than the previous quarter after you adjust for this one-time capital loss tax benefit of $65 million in the fourth quarter. So after the adjustment, the higher income is mainly due to better olefin and polyolefin margins.  And the Emerging Businesses contributed $12 million in the first quarter compared to $2 million in the last. It reflects primarily improvements in income from our Immingham plant in the United Kingdom. This improvement is mainly the result of higher spark spreads, somewhat offset by unplanned downtime. Then our Corporate costs, $170 million that's $92 million less than the fourth quarter. It's primarily lower interest expense and reduced losses from foreign exchange.  Then we go on to Slide 14, we look at our E&P metrics on a BOE equivalent and we compare that to prior periods of time. And then when we use the peer group on all of our slides, like in the past, our peer group is made up of the large international oil companies. That's Exxon Mobile, BPShell, Chevron and Total. Obviously, we don't have the information yet because they haven't reported it in the first quarter of '08. So the chart, top of the chart, shows income and cash per BOE. It goes from 2003 all the way through the first quarter of '08. Effective purchase accounting certainly negatively impacts our earnings per BOE because about everything that we've done in the past in terms of acquisition merges with purchase accounting. But you can see that our cash contribution continues to be very competitive as does the income contribution.  So we go from E&P, then, to the next slide, which is Refining and Marketing, and it's for the same peer group and the same time periods of comparison. Obviously the downstream is a bit under pressure because of them market conditions, but we think we will see that our income and our cost per barrel will continue to competitive with the peer group. So now I'm going to move on to Slide 16, return of capital employed. Again, the shaded area in the back on this slide represents the high and the low of the peer group that I previously mentioned, and the bar chart reflects our return on capital employed. There's no adjustments for purchase accounting. Adjustments made to the peer group reflect purchase accounting for them. We always include it as an attachment in Table 3 for the presentation. And then you can see for the first quarter of '08 our return on capital employed is 15%. It's 1% higher than for the annual number last year of 2007.  Now I'm going to the last slide that I have under outlook. We made a number of announcements and developments in our company. The first, we're quite pleased to be working with BP on their development and construction of the gas pipeline that moves natural gas from Alaska's North Slope through Canada to the Lower 48. Ultimately the pipeline will move 4 billion cubic feet of natural gas to the markets in North America, the Lower 48. We're pleased to be under way with developing this project. Then in addition we were the successful bidder on several prospective leases in Alaska's Chukchi and the Gulf of Mexico recent lease sales, and this is an important step in the development of our exploration portfolio.  And then we look to the second quarter. We expect the company's E&P segment production will be lower than the first quarter, and this is the result of seasonal planned maintenance. But for the full year 2008 production we expect to be consistent with our operating plan as we outlined at the March New York analyst meeting.  Our second quarter exploration expense is to be about 250 million. In the downstream, we expect crude capacity utilization to be in the lower 90% range in the second quarter. This reflects primarily some planned maintenance at several of our facilities and also taking into consideration the potential of ongoing weak hydroskimming margins at our Wilhelmshaven refinery. Our second quarter pre-tax turnaround costs should be about $175 million, and we expect our share repurchases in the second quarter will be like the last several quarters, between $2 and $3 billion, which is in line with our plans to complete $10 billion in share repurchases for calendar year 2008. So that completes our prepared remarks, and so now John, Gary and myself will respond to questions and observations that you may have of our performance.
Operator:   (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: In the Middle East, the Shaw gas project would obviously represent an important and positive development. And while you guys have experience on projects of that nature, I was wondering what two to three factors do you feel differentiate ConocoPhillips as it relates to selection on that project? And also, while I realize that it's very early, the path forward that's ahead of us on development of this project during the next 12 to 24 months. 
Jim Mulva: Well, we do have experience in handling sour gas, and of course this is a very attractive project, a very large project technically and challenging for any company and also for ourselves. We've been very interested in pursuing this project. Nothing has been formally announced, but we continue to work very closely on all the aspects of this project with ADNOC. And so we would expect hopefully in the next month or so that we can be making a formal announcement going forward on this really important project for our company. We think our approach towards this project is pretty innovative, both on the technical aspect as well as the commercial aspect. As I've said, Doug, we've been working on this for actually several years, and this is really a good, important one. And hopefully - as I said, I'm optimistic - that we'll make a formal announcement on this here in the next month or two. 
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Jim, you guys were successful on almost 100 tracts in the Chukchi Sea. And while I realize that you wouldn't be involved if you were not optimistic, my question is how optimistic are you in that area, and also the next steps as it relates to drilling and development in the Chukchi Sea?
Jim Mulva: Well, we have 10-year leases. We feel that we really know the area quite well. This goes all the way back to the historic presence of ourselves through ARCO Alaska. And of course we have the benefit of that and the experience. We think that a lot of the things that we see in the Chukchi is similar to what we see in the North Slope of Alaska. Even though they're 10-year leases, we have to get under way pretty quickly, so we are working really hard, both on the technical side but also ultimately the lining up that we will be doing our drilling as soon as we can.  But we have the infrastructure in Alaska, and we're really pretty pleased about this promising area. And as you know, several wells have already been drilled out there, so we know that we're on hydrocarbon province. So it really fits in really well for us to develop our exploration portfolio, but it also helps as we continue to look at exploitation of the oil resources we have, then the gas pipeline from Alaska, and then Chukchi, really, hopefully being successful, sets us up for many decades to come in Alaska. 
Operator: The next question is from Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs:  Jim, I realize the analyst meeting was only about six weeks ago, but even since that time oil prices have continued to move higher and I think general confidence in the bullish natural gas outlook in the U.S. has improved. Can you comment on how you're thinking about capital spending over the next year or so? I think relative to your $15 billion budget, you'd talked about potentially plus or minus $1 billion around that. How are you guys thinking about capital spending now in light of commodity prices?
Jim Mulva: We see an environment that's pretty surprising to ourselves in terms of very robust oil and gas prices. But our capital spend as we look at 2008 - 2009 is still going to be around $15 billion. It may be because of cost pressures or some other unique opportunities it might be up a billion or two, maybe a billion this year, maybe $1 or $2 billion next year, but we're really thinking about $15 or $16 billion.  As we said, the priority is not debt reduction. We're very satisfied and think we've got the right capital structure. So if we find that we have more cash flow, it's not really going to be going toward capital spending. It's going to be going towards more distributions to the shareholder in the form of share repurchase.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's really helpful. One follow up. On your Lower 48 gas production, it had been pretty steady between 2.1 and 2.2 BCF a day. It looks like it fell a little bit in the first quarter. Is that natural declines or is it some one-off effects and would come back to a higher level going forward?
Jim Mulva: I think it primarily goes back to the San Juan gas processing plant that was down. That is a real significant impact to our natural gas production in the Lower 48, and it's really the primary reason why we are somewhat less on the total company's BOE production.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: The last question was just on the Alaska gas pipeline. Can that substantively move forward without Exxon's participation?
Jim Mulva: Obviously, it makes a lot of sense for all of us to be a participant, so we continue to work very closely obviously with BP, but we also work closely in everything that we do with Exxon Mobil. So hopefully in time I would like to see and would expect and hopefully that all three producers are part of the project. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: A quick follow up on the San Juan, is it back up now? Is there going to be any impact in the second quarter?
Jim Mulva: Yes, it's back up and running, and I don't think there's any impact in the second quarter.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: And then to return to this question of Capex briefly, help me perhaps understand a little bit better the return trade-off, if you will, between increasing Capex on the upstream side and increasing the buyback. I would imagine with the higher commodity prices that the returns have to be pretty good in the upstream. Certainly, the returns that we're seeing from the independent producers in the Lower 48 would suggest that. How do you all view it? I mean, clearly excess cash goes to buyback, but if I look at returns of a buyback program versus Capex, what's the thought process there?
Jim Mulva: Well, first of all, we don't give up the optionality of doing any of the drilling in the future. The question is when do we want to capture those opportunities? Do you want to do them today or you want to do them a year or two from now? We like the discipline of the share repurchase. We think the purchase of shares is a very attractive investment opportunity for the company.  And then we also want to make sure that we're concerned that the service industry and our own people, that we have the oversight of doing this really well. So, while you never give up the opportunity option of drilling the wells and adding to the production, it's really a timing question. We take all those into consideration and that's why we'll drill these wells, but it may not be this month or this year. It may be next year.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: And then on the service side in particular, a couple of your peers in the Lower 48 have talked about - after several quarters of falling services costs - have talked about stabilization. I'm wondering if you're seeing the same thing and if there's an opportunity to perhaps go long in terms of contract duration to try to stave off any potential reinflation in service costs over the next few quarters.
Jim Mulva: That's difficult for me. I'm not as close to it as our operating people on what we're seeing on the cost side. I think there might be in some unique areas a little bit of moderation in escalation or cost. That's good; we'd like to see it go quite a bit further. But no, I don't know. John, do you have anything more to say on that?
John Carrig:  We tend to look at it where we have long-term utilization needs; we will go a little bit longer. But we do see some moderation, but whether it has an uptick as a result of the recent surge in gas prices remains to be seen. So we try to manage the cost structure across the board, some long, some short, but by and large we're current with prices. 
Jim Mulva: And historically we don't go out and line up long-term rate contracts. 
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: On the downstream. Jim, perhaps you could provide some color on what the biggest differences are in ethanol's impact in the gasoline market this year versus last year.
Jim Mulva: Well, obviously there's more ethanol, and that is a substitute for volumes. And we see that. We also see that there's some indication of reduced demand because of the cost side of it. So for these reasons, obviously we do see some impact, particularly on the gasoline side of the business.  As you know, the margins and the crack spreads are very strong on the distillate side of the business, not strong on the gasoline side of the business. So you can see that that does have impact with respect to ethanol as a substitute and as well as demand in terms of the cost structure of gasoline. 
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Is there a notable difference this year in terms of the distribution and logistics around ethanol versus last year, at risk of dislocations to gasoline markets and a potential spike here in the second quarter? 
Jim Mulva: I don't think so, but maybe we could come back and talk with our people and respond back to you offline.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: On Alaska, I think you talked about $30 billion for that pipeline. Could you, to the extent that you possibly can, talk a little bit more about how you get to that number and about the timeframe there?
Jim Mulva: Well, really, this is on the basis of old studies several years ago. And that's one of the things that we really are working on very hard over this next several years with BP, and that is just what is the cost structure going to be as well as the engineering and the environmental and the permits and working towards the open season. So there's no basis. It's really old numbers. We're going to have to do the work to come up with the new basis of what we think is the cost structure.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Jim, I was with John Carrig not long ago, and I think he was saying that almost from the point of construction start it's going to take 10 years to build. Is that something that, you know, are we literally that far away from this thing ever delivering?
Jim Mulva: Well, I'm not going to dispute what John said in anyway. He's sitting right next to me. But on the other hand, from the time we are right here we're looking at 10 years, maybe longer than 10 years. By the time you go through all this study work and engineering and permitting and then going through with the open season and then the construction of the pipeline, we're looking at 10-plus years. But we've got to start now, which is what we've done with BP. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And I think, Jim, what you're saying is $600 million over what timeframe with BP is that, just in the initial work?
Jim Mulva: Over the next year or two. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  Right.
Jim Mulva: The next two years, plus. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  In the past we talked about Mackenzie Delta coming first. Could you update us on that pipeline?
Jim Mulva: We continue to work that really closely with partners and with the regional authorities and all. I will just say I'm pretty optimistic. I think we're going to see something hopefully happen as we go through 2008 on Mackenzie Delta pipeline. And I think Mackenzie Delta will come before Alaska. This makes a lot of sense. I know it's very important for the partners. It's important for Canada. But I think sequencing in terms of purchase of steel and use of services to do these pipelines; it makes sense for Mackenzie Delta to come first. And it's further along than the gas pipeline in Alaska.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: The tentative date there, are we five years away maybe?
Jim Mulva: Oh, I don't know. Maybe we could talk to our people and come back to you on that.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: On the downstream, you've talked about guidance for how much utilization you'll have in 2Q. How much of that is the required turnaround work and how much of that is the voluntary shutdowns that you've talked about? In other words, what would you be running at if it was - if we were in a strong crack environment? 
Jim Mulva: We have quite a bit of planned maintenance, as we do in the second quarter. In terms of what's impacting, that impacts our utilization. Normally, we run 95% or so, so when we say below 90s, we're taking into consideration planned turnaround. I think really the only facility we expect to run everything other than planned turnarounds, other than Wilhelmshaven. And what we're really saying is we're under way with making that a very sophisticated refinery but until we do so, that's the one that's going to impact utilization. It's really Wilhelmshaven. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Jim is that then totally shut down, Wilhelmshaven, not running?
Jim Mulva: We make run reductions. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: So we can kind of strip out 50% of Wilhelmshaven's capacity, perhaps, in terms of getting it the other way?
Jim Mulva: Well, I don't know what percent it is. But, I mean, there are times that we have accelerated turnarounds that have I think this past year we went almost to a full shutdown - that we were doing maintenance. But normally we make run reductions. We don't shut the facility down completely.
Operator: The next question is from Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns.
Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns: So on the Denali project, I'm just curious, have you had discussions yet with the Alaska legislators, and what is the status of the AGIA program? Is that ongoing?
Jim Mulva: We talk with everyone, both the Federal government, the Canadian authorities, and we certainly talk with Governor Palin, her administration, the legislators, everyone up in Alaska. And so the AGIA process continues to go, but as the governor indicated, she, you know, is seeing ourselves going forward with BP and hopefully in time with Exxon Mobil. The AGIA process has been helpful to move everything along, so I give credit to the governor.  But what the governor has said and what we hear from everyone in Alaska, they're very pleased that BP and Exxon are moving out on this gas pipeline. So what it really is saying is there's far more certainty that this project is going forward and it's going to be done. 
Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns: But there are two proposals on the table right now, the AGIA proposal that I think TransCanada is heading up, and your proposal.
Jim Mulva: Well, the governor and the state legislature are going to have to sort through how they handle AGIA. But what we've announced is BP and ourselves, we're going forward with our project. It's not dependent upon funding from anyone. It's not dependent upon any approval by the state or the legislature. We're going forward with the project, and we think given our history and our knowledge and given that we are producers, we think we are really the right project to be going forward to see this pipeline come with certainty.
Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns: operating costs seem to have stabilized this quarter which is somewhat surprising given the higher commodity price environment. Can you comment on whether that is the case and maybe on whether it's a product of the environment or more due to self-help? And particularly my observation is in the downstream, where I think you made some comment, Jim, on lower operating costs quarter-over-quarter. 
Jim Mulva: Well, what we've been doing is everywhere we can, but let's talk about the downstream. We're trying to use productivity improvements, efficiency, whatever to hold our cost structure on an absolute basis constant. But if you're having some unplanned turnarounds, that gets hard to do on a per-unit cost. But what we're really trying to do, as we outlined at the New York analyst meeting, we're trying to hold our absolute cost structure flat as we go through the next several years.  On the upstream, if you look at our charts and all, it looks like - it certainly looks like the incoming cash flow came to the bottom line far better in terms of our upstream than in the fourth quarter, but in the fourth quarter we had a lot of unusual items. The first quarter this year was, you know, really very, very clean. It's just a few discrete items that you can see.  But there's - all of us in our industry, but certainly in our company a lot of emphasis on let's make sure we minimize our lost profit opportunities, let's be on top of our cost structure. But we continue to see push in terms of escalation, and the foreign locations are not helped by the weakness of the dollar.  But I think we are doing everything we can to constrain our costs and maybe you're starting to see that in the operating results in the first quarter.
Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns: So getting back to the downstream, could you provide some detail on the lower operating costs?
Jim Mulva: I'll get back with you, Nikki. I can do that.
Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns: Where was the asset sale in the downstream? Was it domestic or international?
Jim Mulva: It was mainly retail locations domestically.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  Jim, when we're talking about Chukchi and Alaska, can you tell us what kind of drilling program that you have in mind and in terms of the timeframe and how many wells you're going to drill? I know it's just early days any kind of rough idea how big is the structure over there compared to, say, Prudhoe. Any kind of estimate or insight that you can provide.
Jim Mulva: Well first of all, what I referred to earlier in our call, I don't know exactly what the drilling program will be. But given 10 years and it takes a lot of time to do things - many years - we just know that we have to get under way pretty quickly on the drilling of the first well or two. And maybe our people will come out and we can give you some more information on that. I don't have it readily available to me. Now given obviously we have to have some pretty large structures out there because it's a challenging, tough environment, so they're quite expensive. So we expect to see some pretty large accumulations otherwise we wouldn't be bidding the way we did in this 10-year timeframe. So I really don't have more that I can pass along that that. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: On the Saudi Aramco refinery project, any update there?
Jim Mulva: Well, we continue to work really closely with Saudi Aramco. I think we're starting to move up towards 20% of engineering completed. I think in the next few months you're going to - next two or three months you'll hear exactly what we're going to do on Yanbu, but hopefully we can get to a position ourselves with Saudi Aramco to announce that we're going forward with it. But it's premature to do that, but we continue to work technically and commercially really well with them. I think you'll hear more on this as we go through this next quarter.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: And Jim, any update on Sunrise?
Jim Mulva: Sunrise, no. I know that Woodside and Shell, we continue to be exploring all the different opportunities whether to do that offshore or to do that by way of coming to Darwin or going to East Timor. We continue to progress that work, both technically and commercially. I'd like to think - I don't have anything right in front of me - but I'd like to think as we go into the latter part of '08, early '09 that we get to a position that we make a decision on just what we want to do on Sunrise.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: John, at the end of March, your production or your inventory, is under lift or over lift for the corporation? By the end of the first quarter because this quarter could be under lift or over lift, maybe it's coming from residual on last year, so I just want to know at the end of the quarter, from an inventory standpoint, are we over lift or under lift at that point? 
John Carrig: I don't have the number of barrels on the water for you. We could try to get back to you on that, but overall sales were less than production for the quarter.
Jim Mulva:  We ended last year pretty close in balance, so if anything we're close to right in balance or a little bit less sales than production.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: So we should expect, if everything is equal, that the second quarter should be a little bit higher sales than the production going in?
John Carrig:  Assuming that the end of the second quarter doesn't have barrels on the water that would tip that in the opposite direction.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: John, in your analyst meeting you were very kind to provide what is the full year company expense. With the first quarter result out, any update on that number?
John Carrig: No. I mean, we estimated that the Corporate would be $1.2 billion for the year, so that's $100 million a month. And we don't see that changing, that monthly rate changing, on average. 
Operator:  The next question is from Mark Gilman - Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark:  Jim, can we assume that re: the Alaska gas pipeline project, that you and BP have essentially relinquished the conditionality that was in place previously regarding tax and fiscal certainty?
Jim Mulva: Oh, we're just going forward. We know that at some point in time we're going to have to talk about the fiscal situation that applies to the gas pipeline, so we're not - nothing is tied to anything in the past. We know at some point in time, though, once we go through engineering and permitting and all that we're going to have to sit down with the state and discuss that.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: So that's still an open issue?
Jim Mulva: It's an open issue.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: I notice that we've seen a very steep downtrend in pretax interest expenses going all the way back toward the very early part of last year that's disproportionate with the decline in debt over the same period. Have you dramatically changed the financial structure, shortened up the maturity curve, if you will, to account for that, or is something else responsible for it?
John Carrig: No. We might be a little bit more short-term oriented versus long-term, but our fixedtofloating ratio is not that dramatically different. Now the floating rates have been positive, and because of the cash performance of the company we've had somewhat higher interest income during these periods. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: I was focusing on strictly expense, John.
John Carrig: Well, I was focusing on net expense as well. But the gross expense, no, there are other factors that get into that number but no, we haven't changed the financial profile of the company dramatically.
Jim Mulva: John, in a way the off balance sheet financing and debt is about the same. The balance sheet's about the same. 
John Carrig: Yes, it would come into the fixed floating ratio. But there are tax accruals and other things that get that interest expense number.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: I can't help but noticing what's become the rather staggering difference between your equity and earnings of LUKOIL and the cash that would be allocable to your proportionate interest. I make this observation in the context of LUKOIL's apparent announcement this morning regarding a dividend increase, but it still seems as if their payout ratios are comparatively low. Are you lobbying at all, Jim, to try to get that payout ratio up so that you can monetize your interest to a somewhat greater extent from a cash standpoint?
Jim Mulva: Well, are we lobbying? Well, we continue to talk and discuss. You make a good observation. Our investment, all the earnings aren't paid out. It has a rather low payout. On the other hand, I do see Vagit Alekperov pretty routinely. We talk about the company. And of course what they have is a lot of opportunity for investment, and they want to continue to fund their investments versus an aggressive payout. But we talk about it, but I don't think you're going to see dramatic changes in what LUKOIL's doing.
Operator: The next question is from Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access:  The Achilles heel of your worldwide refining system, at least in the current environment, has been Wilhelmshaven. Can you discuss where you stand with regard to the equipment upgrading, if anything can be done to sort of accelerate the upgrading at Wilhelmshaven? And then also two or more years, I guess, into the acquisition, could you critique that acquisition vis-à-vis your expectation for Wilhelmshaven at the time that you entered into the agreement?
Jim Mulva: We bought Wilhelmshaven and we purchased it with the idea that we were going to immediately start a deep conversion project I'm going to say, I can't recall, it was 2006. So when we looked at the deep conversion project, we felt it was overly complex and quite expensive, so we took the better part of a year or 15 months to rethink it, and so now we've embarked upon it, improved it, we're going forward. I wish we could do it more quickly than we expect. I can't recall the exact number, but it's the better part of maybe closer to five years than four years.  But we want to make sure that when we do the project that we've got this figured out and we get not too aggressive. We don't want to just throw money at trying to make a schedule that ends up increased costs and don't get the schedule we want. So we want to be realistic in that regard. Now if you look at the acquisition costs and the cost of what it's going to take to do this, there's no doubt in our mind that we - even at today's crack spreads and margins - this has been a good investment. Now we wish that we made a sophisticated refinery out of it within three years or two or three years, but we can't do it that quickly. And when we use modest normalized crack spreads - whatever you want to say those are - we're looking at a rate of return unlevered in the mid-teens.  So therefore, you know, it makes a lot of sense for us to do this project. 
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: And basically I think, John, what you were saying is that the $170 million Corporate item that you're showing for the first quarter is kind of an anomalously low number; that you would sort of guide us to something closer to $300 million a quarter?
John Carrig: Yes, we think you should use the $300 a quarter. Hopefully we can do better than that, but that's what you should use. 
Operator: The next question is from Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch. 
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch:  . Would you mind giving us a quick update on some of the key projects that you're developing in 2008, particularly Britannia satellite and the Timan-Pechora project with YK project in Timan-Pechora with LUKOIL?
Jim Mulva: YK project, I think we're getting close to the first, we have the first production or a small amount of production, so that's going right as we scheduled and outlined at the analyst meeting.  What was the other project? BritSat. Well, we've got quite a schedule in terms of how we're getting ready to bring them on stream, and I think we're looking at no difference in what we said. Production in the John or Gary, it's the third quarter, isn't it? Third quarter of this year is production from BritSat.
Gary Russell: That's the expectation. 
John Carrig: So no change.
Jim Mulva: No change. 
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: The LUKOIL number that you reported for 1Q, is that a clean number? Was their a first quarter catch-up involved as well?
John Carrig: There was a modest what we call true-up, but not overall significant.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: And on the Shaw field that you're negotiating in Abu Dhabi and obviously you can't comment on the economics given that you haven't signed anything yet can you perhaps give us some guidance on where you see the economics in the project, gas versus liquids versus sulfur, particularly in light of some of the stories that have been in the industry press.
Jim Mulva: Well, as we've indicated, we felt that what would distinguish our company and how we competed, hopefully, for this opportunity was a rather unique bid, both in terms of technical bid as well as a commercial bid. And it's not appropriate first, we have not been formally awarded this project and I think for other reasons it's not appropriate at this time for us to get into how that would be done.  But I think, assuming that it goes forward, we're named. And for the formal announcement in the next month or two, you could expect there in the next quarter conference call, if we follow that schedule, we'll talk quite a bit more about the project and what are the drivers and what we see in it. 
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Very good. And final one from me is on share buybacks, where you were pretty explicit about if you have additional free cash during the course of 2008 you'll be more likely to be handing that back in the form of share buybacks. Would that be a fourth quarter event? Would you wait until the end of the year before seeing where cash flows are? Could you conceivably accelerate buybacks during Q2 and Q3?
Jim Mulva: Well, I don't think you're going to see it in the second quarter, probably not even in the third quarter. But that's something that's very tactical we have to address and see. What we've really set up for the company is we come out in the fourth quarter in December and we say okay, we've pretty well finished the year. Here's what we expect or what we're going to approve, and go to our Board for approval on the capital program for 2009. And with that, we will be making an announcement to what we see the share repurchase is for 2009. We like the idea of doing this on an annual basis. Now, we recognize that a question came from Arjun Murti, what would happen if you have a little bit more cash flow, what would you do? It's really the timing. You know, we'll look at our capital program and if we have more cash for a share repurchase, this is a tactic question and when would we do it. But we like the idea of making an annual announcement on share repurchase because that's pretty finite. Instead of saying something for three to five years, we say, here's what we're going to do next year. And then it's pretty clear, with discipline, that's what we are going to do. And the marketplace and the shareholders look at it and say that's what we expect you to do.  So that's really the plan of what we'll probably do.
Operator: There are no more questions in queue.
Gary Russell: We do appreciate everybody's interest and participation on the call this morning. We'd remind you that, again, the presentation that we went through this morning is available on our website, and soon we will also include a transcript of the conference call there as well. Again, the website is ConocoPhillips.com. And we appreciate your participation and wish you good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Russell - GM of Investor Relations Jim Mulva - Chairman and CEO John Carrig - EVP of Finance and CFO
Analysts: Dave Gutterman - Hurrington Research Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley Michael LaMotte - J. P. Morgan Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers Eric Milkie - Merrill Lynch Doug Leggate - Citigroup Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. My name is Jen, and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Gary Russell: Thanks, Jen, and welcome everyone to our conference call this morning for the fourth quarter 2007. Joining me this morning is Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and John Carrig, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. The presentation that we will be going through this morning, has been prepared to help you more fully understand the financial and operating results of the company during the fourth quarter of 2007. You can find this presentation and access it on our web site, conocophillips.com. On page two, you are familiar with our Safe Harbor statement. It essentially says that during our presentation today and answering any questions that you might have, that we will be including forward-looking statements based on what we currently expect. Actual results may differ materially from those expectations. You can find a list of items that might cause material differences in our SEC filings. Now I will turn this call now over to Jim Mulva.
Jim Mulva: Okay. Gary, thank you, and we appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call. I'm really on page three, which is the fourth quarter highlights. You can see in the fourth quarter, our net income was $4.4 billion. Our operations in the quarter generated $6.9 billion of cash. We reduced our debt-to-cap ratio to 19%, and we purchased $2.5 billion of our common stock. On our upstream business we've produced 2.26 million BOE a day, and that includes an estimated 426,000 BOE per day from our LUKOIL Investment segment. On the downstream, we improved our crude processing capacity utilization by 1% from the previous quarter to 95%. Now, I'm moving on to page number four. Total company net income, where we compared the fourth quarter to the prior quarter. You can see in the fourth quarter, net income of $4.4 billion, that's $2.71 per share, and that's about $700 million more than the prior quarter. Then we start on the left side of the chart, you can see that we have lower gains this quarter from our asset rationalization program, which reduced our fourth quarter net income by $211 million when you compared to the third quarter. Then moving over towards the right, prices, margins and other market impacts improved fourth quarter income by about $1.4 billion, while higher volumes in E&P were more than offset by lower volumes in LUKOIL and Chemicals, thereby reducing fourth quarter net income $57 million when compared to the third quarter. Now, we had higher production taxes in Alaska as a result of recent legislation that also reduced fourth quarter net income by $234 million. And then there are number of other items, that in the aggregate reduced fourth quarter net income by $243 million on a sequential basis. I am going to talk about all these variances in more detail in the subsequent slide. So, I am going to move on to page number five, total company cash flow. Can we start on the left, and you can see that we generated $6.9 billion of cash from operations in the fourth quarter, that's about $1 billion more than the third quarter. Then this along with our beginning cash balance, provided about $8.3 billion in available funds, that was available for use in the fourth quarter. So during the quarter we spent just about $4.3 billion on our capital program. We paid $652 million in dividends, reduced our debt by $189 million and we repurchased 2.5 billion of our shares. We have $515 million in proceeds from assets sales, and $243 million in other sources to give to you up near that $758 million green bar towards the right side. And that left us with a cash balance at the end of the fourth quarter of $1.4 billion, just a little bit more than what we had at the end of the third quarter. Now I am going to go on to page six, total company cash flow where we look at what were all the funds that were available in 2007 on the left hand side and then what did we do with all those funds. Again, this summarizes for the full year 2007. If you look at the pie chart on the left you can see that during the year we generated about $24.6 billion in cash from operations, and we had $3.6 billion from asset sales and other sources bringing us to total available funds of $28.1 billion in cash. Then you go look on the right, the pie chart in the right you can see that we spent $12.9 billion on our capital investment program. Now that's slightly lower than our announced program of $13.5 billion. We paid out $2.7 billion in dividends and purchased $7 billion of out stock. Of that $7 billion in purchase for our stock, about $5 billion was in the third and fourth quarter. And we reduced our debt by $5.4 billion. So you can see essentially on the pie chart to the right, a little bit less than half of our funds were directed toward our capital program, and a little more than half was debt reduction, share repurchase and dividends. Now for 2008, we do not plan for debt reduction. Those funds are really going towards our capital program, our dividends and share repurchase. We have $10 billion remaining in our previously announced share repurchase program, and we expect first quarter repurchases to be between $2 billion and $3 billion. I'm going to move on to slide number seven. We'll look at the capitalization structure of the company. On the left hand side of the slide you can see we ended 2007 with $90 billion of equity and $21.7 billion of debt. We brought our debt-to-capital ratio down to 19%, which is slightly below the bottom of our target range at 20% to 25%. I'm going to move on to the operating segments of the company, first E&P on page eight, and you can see the highlights when we look at the comparison of the fourth quarter with the third quarter. Our realized crude oil and natural gas prices around the world were higher. Our realized crude oil price was $84.53 a barrel in the fourth quarter. That was $13.19 a barrel higher and our realized natural gas price in fourth quarter was $6.66 per MCF, and that was a $1.10 per MCF higher. Consistent with our previous guidance, E&P's production and sales volumes were higher than the previous quarter. I'll talk more about this on the next slide, and also as mentioned earlier, the fourth quarter earnings were negatively impacted by the effect of the tax changes in Alaska which increased our production taxes. So now I'm moving on to page nine, which looks at our E&P production. Production in the fourth quarter from our E&P segment was 1.84 million BOE a day and that was 76,000 BOE a day higher than the third quarter. As you can see starting from the left we saw improved production of the United Kingdom and Alaska due to seasonality and lower planned and unplanned downtime. We increased production 9,000 BOE a day essentially in the Lower 48, and then when you add 426,000 BOE a day, which is our estimate of the equity share of LUKOIL's production, you can see our totals of 2.26 million BOE a day in the fourth quarter. Before moving on, I refer back to our conference call in the second quarter. I mean in the second quarter we recognized the effect of the expropriation of our Venezuelan position and we said at the second quarter that our full year production, including LUKOIL, would be 2.325 million BOE a day. And if you look at what we actually did in all of '07, we did that, it was 2.324 million BOE a day. So now I'm moving on to page 10 E&P net income. You can see our fourth quarter income of $2.6 billion, that's about $500 million higher than the third quarter. So I start with the red bar on the left, and you can see there, lower gains from our asset rationalization program compared with the third quarter, and its impact was the reduction of $103 million when you compare the two quarters. Prices and other market impacts improved income by $883 million. Overall, our E&P sales and production volumes in the fourth quarter were higher than the third quarter, and that's improved income $34 million. Now I'd like you to note that our crude sales volumes in the US were about 40,000 barrels a day lower than the prior quarter due to timing of shipments in Alaska. Essentially, we saw more in the third quarter, caught up in the fourth, so essentially if you look at it as over lift or under lift, we're just balanced as we go in from '07 into '08. I mentioned earlier, Alaska recently passed legislation and retroactively increased production taxes. Now the impact of this tax legislation reduced fourth quarter income $234 million, of which $95 million relates to periods prior to the fourth quarter of 2007. We also had increased production taxes in the fourth quarter as a result of higher crude oil prices and production volumes, and the majority of this is related to Alaska. Resulting decrease in net income is included with other items in the red bar on the right which shows a $54 million sequential decrease in net income. Also included in the other category, is the impact of the favorable effect of a one-time Alaska Quality Bank adjustment that occurred in the third quarter but obviously didn't occur in the fourth quarter, and we also had higher impairments. These were partially offset by deferred tax adjustments in Canada as a result of a reduction in the Canadian federal income tax and the release of escrowed funds in connection with the extinguishment of the Hamaca, that's the Venezuelan project financing indebtedness and other miscellaneous items. So, all these things were in that $54 million bar. Now I am going to move from E&P to Refining and Marketing, so I am going to slide or page 11. In our downstream business we improved our crude capacity utilization to 95%, so that's up 1% compared to third quarter. Our realized worldwide refining margins were higher than the third quarter, but our US margin stood at $11.56 a barrel, now that's $0.70 a barrel higher than the third quarter, and our international margin was $6.72 a barrel and that's $0.67 higher than the third quarter. I'll go over our realized margins in more detail in the next slide, and then, the other last point I'd like to make on this slide is that our turnaround and utility costs were also higher in the fourth quarter. So now I am going to move on to the net income of Refining and Marketing on page 12. Our fourth quarter net income was about $1.1 billion, which is approximately $200 million lower than the third quarter. You can see in the first red bar on the left that the fourth quarter did not have a $141 million benefit from tax legislation in Germany that was in our third quarter results. We also had lower gains from our asset rationalization program, and that reduced fourth quarter income by $108 million as compared to the previous quarter. Our prices, margins and other market impacts improved net income, that's a green bar, by $229 million. We previously indicated that we expected fourth quarter results to benefit from our planned crude and refined product inventory reductions. We estimate that prior year LIFO layer liquidation impact to be about $260 million, and most of this is associated with the formation of our downstream EnCana joint venture. Now as a result of our realized refining margins in the US, they were higher than the previous quarter in spite of lower US market indicators. Crude differentials, higher clean product yield and commercial trading and transactions contributed to the improvement. Now in the first quarter of 2008, we will likely be building inventories in anticipation of the switch over to summer grade gasoline, we normally do this. So, we would expect our refining business to return to a more normalized market capture, which for the US is around 75%. Now given our, hydroskimmer refinery at Wilhelmshaven, our international market capture is lower than 75%, so on a blended basis around the world you might look at something like 70%. So in other words, we don't see the inventory impacts that we experienced as a result of the EnCana joint venture and market movements that took place in 2007 to have the same impacts as we go into the first quarter in 2008. Our overall volumes in Refining and Marketing were higher than the prior quarter. That's consistent with higher refinery utilization, but then you have to look at the regional mix. The net impact resulted in the $36 million reduction in income. Now we have higher value West Coast and Gulf Coast refining volumes were lower than the previous quarter, but those volumes were more than offset by lower value volumes from our East Coast operations and the Central US and by much lower value volumes from the Wilhelmshaven refinery. But then there were other items in the aggregate. You can see that red bar that reduced income by $129 million. These items were higher operating costs, higher turnaround costs, utilities and higher environmental accruals. And I'm going to go from 12 to page 13. This is where we talk about LUKOIL and the joint ventures and corporate costs. Our estimate of fourth quarter equity earnings from LUKOIL was $649 million. This was $262 million higher than the previous quarter, mainly due to higher estimated realized prices in the absence of an $85 million reduction recorded in third quarter to align our estimate to actual results reported by LUKOIL. The net effect of alignment was an improvement in the fourth quarter income regarding LUKOIL of $94 million. Turning to the Midstream business, income was $162 million compared to $104 million in the third quarter. Chemicals joint venture with Chevron contributed net income of $99 million. This included a one-time capital loss tax benefit of $65 million, the $65 million is included in the $99 million. Our income in the third quarter was a $110 million. Our Emerging Businesses contributed $2 million in the fourth quarter, that's down a $1 from $3 million in the prior quarter. Now our Corporate costs were $271 million in the fourth quarter compared to $320 million last quarter. This decrease was the result of lower net interest expense, and lower acquisition-related cost, partially offset by the net impact of foreign exchange losses. For guidance going forward, I think you should be looking at around $300 million in quarterly corporate costs. Now moving onto the next page, 14. We look at our E&P metrics, first E&P and then second the downstream. By the way our Peer Group, when we look at our Peer Group, we look at the largest integrated international oil companies, that's made up of Exxon Mobil, BP, Shell, Total and Chevron. So this chart shows E&P's income and cash per BOE for the years 2003 through 2006, as well as first three quarters, and then we have the fourth quarter of '07. You know the effect of purchase accounting has impacted our earnings per BOE when compared to peers. In both '06 and '07 you can see our cash contribution per BOE now remains very competitive. Since we're the first international oil company, we just don't have comparisons at this point for the fourth quarter. Now moving onto slide 15, Refining and Marketing, Peer Group is the same, the largest international public integrated oil companies, and you can see our income per barrel and our cash per barrel continues to be quite competitive with our Peer Group. And I move onto page 16, we look at return on capital employed. The shaded area shows the same international oil company peer group. And the bar chart reflects that ROCE with no adjustments for purchase accounting, we do make adjustments for the Peer Group to reflect purchase accounting and that is shown how the adjustments are made in table 3 attached to this presentation. Our annualized fourth quarter ROCE was 15%, that's 1% higher than the first three quarters annualized. And then I go to the last slide or page 17, outlook. We just recently announced yesterday, that we acquired 50% in the Keystone crude oil pipeline. We have significant transportation requirements on the pipeline, so it's logical for us to have equity ownership. This pipeline will play a critical role in supplying Canadian crude oil to refineries in the US Mid-Continent. We also recently announced the decision to join and support the World Bank's Global Gas Flaring Reduction partnership. We think that this is a very good program minimizing the environmental impact, improving the energy and material efficiency of our operations. I think this partnership will do lot of good things for reducing gas flaring around the world. With respect to our production in the first quarter, we expect our E&P first quarter segment production will be 1.8 million BOE a day, now remember the 1.8 million BOE a day excludes the LUKOIL segment. And we expect, that it's essentially flat, the same as the fourth quarter. We expect exploration expenses to be in the range of $250 million to $300 million in the first quarter. Downstream, we expect worldwide refining crude oil capacity utilization to be in the mid 90% range. Turnaround costs in the first quarter to be about $125 million before tax. With respect to our share repurchases, we will be repurchasing between $2 billion and $3 billion in the first quarter. Remember we've got a remaining $10 billion on our program that we have for 2008. And then we continue to work on our asset rationalization efforts as we go into 2008, and that includes a completion of disposition of our US retail assets and we are always looking at other assets that we feel may have more value in a tax efficient way to others. And then, as you know we look forward to discussing in far more detail our 2008 and subsequent years' capital and operating plans when we meet the investment community in New York on March 12th. So that completes the presentation and the comments on the slide. So, Gary and John, I think we are ready now to take questions that anyone has of us.
Gary Russell:  Okay, Jen, I think we are ready for questions if you'll queue them up.
Dave Gutterman - Hurrington Research: Hello.
Gary Russell: Hello, Dan.
Dave Gutterman - Hurrington Research: Yeah, this is actually [Dave Gutterman with Hurrington Research]. A couple of questions for you guys, especially James. What are your operational improvement initiatives this year for manufacturing, TP and Six Sigma? And how do you see those benefiting your business?
Jim Mulva: Well, operating excellence is obviously so important, first and foremost for good safety and environmental performance and we've been on a program over the last several years, multi-year program continue to improve our operating excellence. And we believe good financial results come from good operations and good safety environmental performance. So it's a multi-year effort. A lot of emphasis on process hazard analysis, continuing to update everything that we do upstream and downstream in pipelines. And so this program has never been over, but we are always looking for that operational reliability of another 1% or 2%. So you will hear, if you come to our March 12th financial community presentation, a lot of emphasis that we have, and continue to place on, will be operational reliability. If you have reasonably higher oil prices and gas prices and crack spreads, you don't realize them if you don't run well. And so by running well, we realized that better financial performance. But by running well and not taking operations up and down, we know that we have far more safer operations and it really does contribute towards lower end and constraining our cost of operations.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Your next question is from Doug Terreson with Morgan Stanley.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley:  Hi, Jim, congratulations on your results!
Jim Mulva:  Thank you. Good morning.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: On E&P and Refining and Marketing, profits were penalized by what you guys called lower net gains from asset rationalization by right around $0.13 per share and less than previous period. So, for clarification, my question regards to the absolute level of gains from asset rationalization during the period, meaning: while the sequential earnings benefit was lower, by what amount did it positively affect profits during the period?
Jim Mulva: Okay. No, John, I don't have that number immediately at hand for myself. Doug, what you are saying is: just what are the gains?
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Yeah.
Jim Mulva: And net gains from what we sold in the fourth quarter?
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: That's right.
Jim Mulva: Well, while they look at that we also had some impairment because we wrote-down some assets, even though they weren't sold. We did write-down some things like our position in Ecuador.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Yeah.
Jim Mulva: And other places, but I don't know, maybe I have to come down.
John Carrig: Well, I can tell you in E&P they are about $48 million.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
John Carrig: In R&M, yeah, Doug, I think if you look at the certain items page, you'll pick up about $25 million for E&P and $147 million for international E&P, and a few other nits and nats, probably total $170, $180 million.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Jim Mulva: The gains from asset disposition are pretty modest in the fourth quarter. The other thing I would say, we boys put a lot of emphasis on making sure that when we sell something, that's tax efficient. And when I just saw the report during this past day that if you look at our disposition program that we announced in the latter part of 2006, if we go through 2006 and '07, when we've already sold, it's been very tax efficient. I don't want to go on the exact number. But that's what we thought was important and we're not interested in selling something at high price and then paying half of the proceeds to tax entities. So it's been very efficient. But we continue to look as we go on to 2008, what else can we be looking at selling and making sure that it doesn't hurt us in anyway in terms of our strategic objectives, but it's also tax efficient.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And Jim, I also have a strategic question too. On Sunrise, a variety of different fields may eventually be included in that project, and liquefaction and re-gasification options are multiple too. And so I want to see: whether you can provide an update on this project? Specifically plant drilling activities in the area in 2008, if you may have? And also: whether a most likely development outcome has emerged? If there is such a thing, and if so: what it might be in your opinion?
Jim Mulva: Well, Sunrise is important to us, and we feel that as a result of Bayu-Undan, we have a really nice position in Darwin to look at doing Sunrise by taking LNG to Darwin shows as our partner at Sunrise and they've always had an interest in doing a [floating] LNG concept. Our other larger partner is Woodside. What we do, we feel that the time is come to advance and develop Sunrise. I know that East Timor feels the same way. So here recently the CEO's of Woodside, Mitchell and myself really have come to the decision that this is the year that we need to be moving out on Sunrise. In terms of whether it’s a Darwin proposal or its offshore or something else, I think this is the year that we've all agreed that we need to advance Sunrise. So hopefully, as we go through the year, this is going to come on harvest that the project to be developed.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Okay. It sounds like real progress. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Michael LaMotte with J.P. Morgan.
Michael LaMotte – J. P. Morgan: Thank you, and good morning. Jim, first question, just wanted clarification in the press release U.S. crude differentials is also mentioned as one of the reasons: why is their capture rate is so high, as well as clean product yield? And then in your comment you mentioned just the inventory factors. Wondering: if you could give us the sense as to how much of that capture was inventory versus as other items such as differentials?
Jim Mulva: Okay. We've said in our comments that $260 million really relates to going in to LIFO layer, that is associated with the formation of WRB joint venture with EnCana. Now we also had some pretty -- we had commercial trading results associated with how we build and reduce inventory as we go through the year to support our operations. And so that's really where it comes from.
Michael LaMotte – J. P. Morgan: Okay. So, on the product side nothing really there?
Jim Mulva: No, it's just that the way we always build inventories as we go through the year getting ready for a different seasonality and then summer to the winter. And we do that in a way that gets our operating plans for our downstream operations. So we don't speculate in any way, but we do take positions that support our physical volumes and the way we handle that was done really in the right way with the market movements, it created a lot of value capture in our results.
Michael LaMotte – J. P. Morgan: Okay, great. Thank you. And then, secondly, there are lot of assets on the block right now, both upstream and downstream, and obviously you've been in a rationalization mode for a while. Wondering: if you could talk about the M&A environment as we get head into '08, what you're thinking about value on the price side?
Jim Mulva: We always get this question. As a company if you look at how we've been formed since 1999, we've done mergers, we've done joint ventures, BD developments, acquisitions and recently we really haven't done that much because we really have created the company that we like. We don't feel we have glaring holes in our portfolio, but I just don't see that the M&A environment fits into plans. As we look at 2008-2009, we have a lot on our plate in terms of our capital program. If you look at the M&A environment or substantial asset acquisitions, they just don't seem to work in terms of really what's available, the quality necessarily or the price or whether it's even doable. So, we are really staying despite what we've done and how we've created our company. We are really sticking with knitting of our capital program that we've announced, which is $15.3 billion. The cash side of that $14.6 billion. We are going to be very aggressive in terms of our share repurchase and we'd like to raise our dividend each year. So, I don't see the M&A markets and sizable acquisitions fitting into our plans over the next several years.
Michael LaMotte – J P. Morgan: That's great. Thanks Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Paul Cheng with Lehman Brothers.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  Good morning gentlemen.
Jim Mulva: Good morning.
John Carrig: Good morning.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Jim, can you give us an update about YK, then your Timan-Pechora joint venture: how is that? Is your development progressing? 
Jim Mulva: Okay, we have a small amount of production, very small, but I think really I can't remember the exact month, but it really does come out in production as we go into 2008. It's a challenging project because it's way up there in North Siberia, so it's challenging technically and that's challenging just because of harsh climatic conditions, but we expected it and we'll comeback to you on this ramping up of our production as we go through 2008.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: When do you expect to get to the 200 amount? Any change from the previous guidance?
Jim Mulva: No, there is no change in previous guidance. And in terms of any new or changes to that, I'm not aware of, but we'll go through that in our financial presentation on March 12.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  Okay, Jim, wondering for the Burlington Resources acquisition. It is now close to two years. If we do a look back, I'm sure that you guys did it: any positive or negative surprises from that transaction, and what you had learned, that may lead you to do somewhat differently going into the future?
Jim Mulva: Okay. First of all the volumes, the resource base and the volumes production is spot on, it's not really different from what we expected when we did the transaction. The synergy capture is higher than we expected and in terms of the Henry Hub price that we used when we made the acquisition in the first two years, it was less than what we assume and as we go through 2008, the gas prices we are seeing today are higher. So essentially as we go through 2008 to the extent that natural gas prices at Henry Hub are north of $6 to $6.50 per MCF. We essentially are capturing back where we were lower on 2006 and 2007. And so we continue with the kind of markets we're seeing today. At the end of three years, we essentially are going to be for three years average where we thought we are going to be.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  So you think that the process at the time you're looking at Burlington Resources is the right process? And: you don't see any changes to that?
Jim Mulva: Well, in terms of the assumptions, we made the acquisition.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  No, not assumptions, but the way how you look at, say, concession or that looking at how to evaluate those assets. Do you think that the process is -- do you reason the public is satisfied that, other than the macro environment, nothing has fundamentally changed from what you previously assumed when you're getting into the transaction?
Jim Mulva: Well, fundamentally, we look at: yes, inventories in the U.S. are higher than we would have expected as a result of weather and all weather that's summer or the winter. But our view towards natural gas markets in North America has not changed, and in fact I think we feel more bullish about natural gas markets longer-term in North America than we did at the time we announce and did the transaction. And the reason for that as far as imports coming from Canada for all the reason why there will be less imports from Canada, and we also think that the availability of LNG coming to the U.S. is going to be take longer and less amounts, because I think a lot of that LNG is going to be competed the way the stronger markets in Europe and Asia. So compared to when we actually did the transaction, we feel just as stronger and stronger about natural gas in North America than at the time we did it. And there is one other thing about Burlington, even though the natural gas prices for '06 and '07 are somewhat less than we expected when we did the transaction, are really catching up in '08. This has a very sizable cash flow. And you can see cash flow from the production and the asset base, and you can see our cash flow per BOE, you may not see the net income per barrel because you are using purchase accounting, but you do see the impact already even in the fourth quarter little bit better than natural gas price and oil price has quite an impact in our cash flow per barrel.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Sure. I find those short one, this is for John, in your pension plan asset, is there any meaningful exposure to the CDO or the [exotic] debt instruments?
John Carrig: No, we have not identified any meaningful exposure to the CDOs.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen. Your next question is from Eric Milkie with Merrill Lynch.
Eric Milkie - Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. My question relates to your strategy for increasing long-term access and exposure to the Middle East, pertaining with the spread to cut on also Abu Dhabi? And how we should think about some of your initiatives in that region? You recently signed an MOU with Qatar Petroleum to pursue energy prices outside Qatar. Do you think this could be linked downstream projects in Qatar? Or you are looking at downstream projects particularly in the LNG value chain? And other than gaining a credible partner, do you expect this partnership would improve your access to further projects in Qatar when the moratorium is lifted?
Jim Mulva: Well, first, with respect to Qatar, we've had a really strong relationship and it's been a great investment for us, first, on the chemical side and now what we are working on which is Qatargas 3, our LNG project, which is planning to start up in 2009. But obviously we want to do good job but anything we haven't got because to the extent that there is more opportunity after there you see the developments of reservoir performance of the Northfield, we know it would be strong competition, but we would like to do more in Qatar. We stock about more in Qatar that both on the chemical side through our joint venture but also we would like be doing more on both the oil and the liquid side as well as well as natural gas. The MOU that we signed and they do sign with other company bourses because of this relationship. What more could we do, to some extent inside the country, but really outside the country both upstream and downstream. And those discussions have really just started. So it's premature to say just what they would lead to, but we really do like and respect each other. We are looking for more things to do. Other countries in the Middle East that we'd like to more with., obviously we are in competition, we'd like to be doing things, some are gas with Abu-Dhabi, and hopefully other things in Abu Dhabi. Kuwait has not really opened up yet, but we'd like to see possibly, maybe we can do something in Kuwait and to the extent that we have petroleum oil and we have security, we'd like to be doing things in Iraq. We can't do anything with Iran, but to the extent that that's maybe at some point in time sanctions get lifted and better of what you call relationships, Iran would be a country we would surely we want to take a look at. So, the Middle East has and we expect that we have strategic importance to our company.
Eric Milkie - Merrill Lynch: Just staying on that thing, on Iraq: Can you update on the West Qurna project with LUKOIL? Or: is it not on the table at the moment?
Jim Mulva: No, I think we'll talk more about this at our March 12th, but continue to work with Vagit Alekperov, the CEO of LUKOIL, working both with the Russian political side as well as the Iraqi side and U.S. government side to see. We really believe that their contracts should be affirmed and we are the right company technically and commercially to do West Qurna and so we work that pretty hard.
Eric Milkie - Merrill Lynch: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Doug Leggate with Citigroup.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Hi, good morning, gentlemen. It's Doug from Citi. Couple of questions, if I may. First one I guess on the upstream [Joan Tarik], the tax change in Alaska: does that come through in on the tax line, or does it come above the tax line as production tax? Can you just give us some clarification on where we should look for that?
John Carrig: You should look for that in the production taxes, not in the income tax line.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. So it's obviously not stripped out in the tax line this quarter?
John Carrig: That's correct.
Doug Leggate – Citigroup: Okay. And the second question is just a guess relate following on to Eric's question. In the event that you are successful in winning some of these projects and obviously we're going to have great deal of speculation about Abu Dhabi in particular: Can you just give us some idea of what your anticipated [head run] on capital expenditure would be, where does the CapEx line go, assuming you get everything you were aiming for, how would expect your CapEx guidance to move?
Jim Mulva: I don't think you're going to see a great deal of movement in our capital expenditure in 2008, that's going to be more in 2009 and subsequent years and we do build in something and we will talk more about this on March 12. But I think the '08 program if we set $14.6 billion in cash, I mean realistically that could be between $13.5 million and $15.5 million and that will enable us to eccentrically do anything that we have in mind that we would be tasked with or win or have opportunities to do because on lot of these projects you don't immediately spend a lot of money, you spend a lot of time working and sorting through the technical aspects and working through the project.
Doug Leggate – Citigroup: Okay, thanks. And I guess my final question is actually relating to LUKOIL. I think John Lowe had made some comments late last year regarding how that relationship was going in terms of securing international joint ventures, and basically the overall partnership. Could you just give us some update as to how you currently view the effectiveness of in terms of securing additional opportunities?
Jim Mulva: Well, I will meet with Vagit about every six weeks or so. We feel that the relationship between the two companies is very strong. There is a very strong personal relationship, friendship. We are working at what we can do together inside and outside of Russia, upstream and downstream, what are the new opportunities? And we'd like to do things quicker than it's always that way. We're not that patient. But we'd like to do things more quickly. But a lot of these kind of things, just take more time. But there is no change whatsoever in the intent of what we're doing, and we are very pleased and satisfied with the LUKOIL relationship.
Doug Leggate – Citigroup: Okay. That's it from me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Mark Gilman with the Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Guys, good morning. Jim, I had a couple tactical questions and then one very specific numbers oriented question. Jim: can you give us an idea of what kind of un-leveraged returns you are expecting from your enhanced Keystone investment and also your investment in REX? And: to what extent those lines are likely to be FERC regulated? Also secondly, I'm looking for some clarification in terms of your decision not to divest the Whitegate Refinery and exactly what went into that? Finally, John Carrig, could you give us an idea: what's in the international upstream earnings in the quarter for the reversal, if you will, of a portion of the impairment associated with the Hamaca project financing guarantees?
Jim Mulva: Okay. First, Mark, on the pipelines Keystone and REX, given our operations there, we are taking transportation obligations, long-term transportation obligations, very effectively. Economically, we have signed up and have support for those pipelines. So we look at that and we say, well, what is the equity return? And the equity return on those pipelines is pretty similar for any type of pipeline. There will be leverage to the point the most pipelines are which is a fair degree of leverage, so effectively, we look at it economically. We've signed up for the use and put our credit behind these pipelines. So having an equity ownership is a way to sense either lower our cost of our transportation or realize some of the benefit that comes with equity. But in terms of how they are structured and the financial returns is really no different than what you would expect on transportation. It really comes from a point of view that we've essentially, economically, have taken a substantial ownership in this pipeline. So why not get the benefit of it through equity ownership. It doesn't amount to that greater impact on our cash capital program because of great deal and this is going to -- is supported by all the other shippers and use of leverage. In terms of Whitegate, the marketplace in terms of refineries has changed pretty dramatically. We looked at that and as I said when we look at those selling assets, we want to make sure we get value and good after-tax proceeds from it, but we really didn't see that that was forth coming with respect to Whitegate’s. So, we essentially are embarking on a long-term program of retention and how we can improve its performance and its value to our portfolio. In terms of a specific question for John Carrig, John you…
John Carrig: Well, in terms of the impact of the Hamaca on the earnings, we really haven't disclosed that. We can say that it is in page 3, which we generally call special items and we don't plan on getting more specific for that.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And the final question is from Neil McMahon with Sanford Bernstein.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. Two questions. The first really is on the LUKOIL earnings. There are obviously estimates at the sense that LUKOIL hasn't reported, but in terms of the taxes on the LUKOIL volumes: do you think there could much difference into your estimated numbers for those volumes given the fact that they were quite high and benefited very much the higher crude pricing for the quarter?
John Carrig: Neil, what you are referring is the fact that the tax rates are established two months in arrears that obviously does have an impact on fourth quarter results. We would expect that to be reflected in LUKOIL's results as well. What we do is we construct a model based upon publicly available facts that we are aware of and then we apply that in a disciplined way to try to reach -- to come up with the results. And if something is not publicly reported, we don't put that into the estimate. But certainly, as I said the tax on exports which is two months in arrears will have an impact on fourth quarter results. And of course, as a result of our higher prices, if that changes on the downside, it will have a negative impact, it will have an impact on first quarter results as well.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks for that. And the second question, maybe for Jim is really on Libya. When you just look back at your volumes over the past year and a half really, that sort of stabilized around the 47,000, 48,000 barrels of oil a day level. What can we read in to those numbers going forward? We continuously hear that you're planning on investing more money and you should see more growth, but frankly it doesn't seem like was seeing that over the last year, just wondering if you could walk through what we should be thinking about Libya?
Jim Mulva: With respect to Libya, we could, the volumes are pretty close to what we expected in the initial reentry into Libya, but we're disappointed. The volumes haven't ramped up more quickly. And the reason for that is not that we can't ramp them up, in fact, we think we could do even better than we initially thought when we went in to Libya. Our problem is getting the people, the technical resources into Libya, into the country. So as to do the work, spend the money to get the volumes up. So without a question of capability, it is capable. We can't get the people into the country quickly or there is a lot of administration. And we just sort through the administration, if we could and do it more efficiently. We could get the volumes up pretty dramatically. Now, the next thing is the volumes, if you look at the financial income that's associated with Libya, the financial take is quite high in Libya and not just for us I think its for all international oil companies. So one of the things that associated is, the volumes can go up, but the financial returns are strongly in favor of the Libya. So if you look out, yes, we want to get the volumes up. But they don't translate the same after-tax income per barrel that's associated with the rest of our portfolio.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our Q&A session for today. I'll turn the call back to management for any closing remarks. 
Gary Russell: Great. Thanks, Jim. And we do appreciate everybody's participation this morning and your interest in ConocoPhillips. I would remind you that the presentation you went through this morning along with the transcript of the call today will be available on our website conocophillips.com. Thanks again. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we do thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Russell - General Manager of IR  Jim Mulva - Chairman and CEO  John Carrig - CFO and EVP, Finance
Analysts: Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein  Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company  Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs  Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access  John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch  Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers  Doug Leggate - Citigroup  Dan Barcelo - Banc of America  Mark Gilman - Benchmark  Nicki Decker - Bear Stearns
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ConocoPhillips Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Gary Russell: Thanks, Jen. Let me welcome everybody on the conference call and the webcast this morning to our second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Joining me today is Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, along with John Carrig, our Executive Vice President, Finance and CFO. We have prepared presentation material that will follow that will help us explain and review the financial operating performance of the Company during the second quarter of this year. You can find this presentation on our website, www.conocophillips.com. If you turn to page two, you will find our Safe Harbor statement. This statement indicates that the presentation today along with the responses to your questions will contain forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations. The actual results could differ materially from those expectations. And you can find a list of the items that could cause these material differences in our SEC filings. So with that being said, I will turn the conference call over to Jim Mulva.
Jim Mulva: Gary, thank you and I appreciate those who are participating in our conference call today and I'm going to start my comments on the third page. In the second quarter of 2007, our net income was $301 million. This includes a $4.5 billion impairment associated with the expropriation of our assets in Venezuela. If you exclude this impairment, then our earnings for the second quarter were about $4.8 billion. Our operations in the quarter generated $4.8 billion of cash. We purchased $1 billion of our stock. We funded our capital program and other investments, increased our cash balances by about $600 million, and reduced debt by $900 million. So our debt-to-cap ratio of 21% at the end of the second quarter is about 1% lower at the end of the first quarter. We produced 2.38 million BOE a day in the second quarter and this includes an estimated 473,000 BOE a day from our LUKOIL investment segment. We have more information on this in the subsequent slides. In the downstream, our refineries ran at 93% of crude processing capacity, which is just a little bit lower than in the first quarter. I am going on to page four. Second quarter earnings, as I said, were $4.8 billion after you adjust for the impairment associated with the expropriation of assets in Venezuela. This is $1.3 billion higher than the first quarter net income of $3.5 billion. You can see on the slide what contributed to the quarter-over-quarter variance and I am going to cover this in a little more detail when I go through the business segments. I will just take a few moments to review the major variances on this page. If you start with the red bar on the left, our first quarter 2007 results included $490 million benefit from the impact of our asset rationalization program. We also had a net benefit in the second quarter from this program, but it's quite a bit smaller and I will cover that here in a few moments. Moving to the right, prices, margin, other market impacts improved net income in the second quarter by about $1.8 billion. We had lower sales volume and that reduced income by $76 million. As I said earlier, we had a net benefit of $87 million in the second quarter from our asset rationalization program. And the other items which reduced our income in the second quarter was a $122 million made up of many items, such as higher compensation benefit costs, our operating costs, asset retirements, our equity earnings. And if you include the Venezuela impairment in the second quarter, the net income goes down to $301 million. Moving to page five, talking about cash flow, the yellow bar on the left shows that we generated about $4.8 billion of cash from our operations in the second quarter. Now this is about $2.1 billion lower than the first quarter, but remember, first quarter included about a $2 billion benefit from working capital, which is largely attributed to taxes payable in Norway. Now we made a sizable tax payment in Norway in the early part of April. Our cash from operations along with our cash balance at the beginning of the quarter allowed us to spend $2.6 billion on our capital program, pay $668 million in dividends, reduce debt $856 million and buy back $1 billion worth of our shares. The proceeds from our asset rationalization program second quarter, $900 million that left us with a cash balance of $1.4 billion and that's $600 million higher than the end of the first quarter. Moving on then to page six. The pie chart on the left shows the total cash available during the first half of the year was $13.9 billion. About 84% or $11.6 billion is generated from operations, so 16% came from asset sales. If you look at the pie chart on the right, this shows what did we do with the $13.9 billion. We spent $5.6 billion on our capital and investment program, reduced debt by $4.3 billion, bought $2 billion of our stock back and paid $1.3 billion in dividends. And then we had the increase in our cash balance by $600 million. Moving on to page six, our debt ratio. If you look at the bar chart on the left, the equity remained at $86 billion, which is the same as the first quarter and this is really a result of the Venezuelan impairment offsetting the earnings from operations. The bar chart in the middle shows progress we made -- have made over the last several quarters reducing our debt that now stands at $22.8 billion at the end of the second quarter. That's nearly $1 billion lower than the end of the first quarter. And on the right, you see our debt-to-capital ratio at 21% at the end of the second quarter. Now if you take our cash balances and look at our debt ratio on net cash balances then it would reduce the number from 21% to 19.9%. Moving on to slide or page eight, talking about E&P. Our worldwide realized crude oil price in the second quarter was $61.97 a barrel. Now that's up $8.59 a barrel higher than the first quarter. The total worldwide realized natural gas price was $6.44 per Mcf and that is $0.09 higher than what we realized in the first quarter. Consistent with our previous guidance, E&P's production and sales were lower than the previous quarter and I'll talk more about that in a subsequent slide. Our asset rationalization program negatively impacted our second quarter results. As I mentioned earlier, we recorded the impairment in the second quarter as a result of the expropriation of our assets in Venezuela. Now I am going to move on to slide -- page number nine, our Company production. Production from our E&P segment in the second quarter totaled 1.91 million BOE a day. This is 110,000 BOE a day lower than the first quarter. So the performance in the second quarter is better than the guidance that we gave, which we previously said we would be down about 150,000-160,000 BOE a day in the second quarter. The second quarter was negatively impacted by our exit from Dubai, our asset rationalization program, we did have planned maintenance in the North Sea, along with planned maintenance and seasonality in Alaska. Adding 473,000 BOE a day, which is the estimate of our equity share of LUKOIL's production, then the total for the Company comes to 2.38 million BOE a day in the second quarter. On my final slide and the outlook, I'll discuss our views on our production going into the third quarter and our update for the entire year of 2007. Moving on to page 10. E&P's second quarter earnings were $2.1 billion when you adjust for the Venezuelan impairment, about $200 million lower than the previous quarter's net income. If we look at the first part on the left on the chart, you can see that first quarter net income benefited by the impact of our asset rationalization program. That program also impacted second quarter net income and I will address that in a minute. Moving to the right, you can see prices and other market impacts contributed $272 million to second quarter results, but we had lower sales volume and that reduced income by $81 million. The second quarter asset rationalization program negatively impacted income by $71 million. For other items in the aggregate improved first quarter by $14 million and then with the Venezuelan impact -- impairment, our net income from E&P for the quarter was a loss of $2.4 billion. Moving on to the downstream on page 11. In refining and marketing, worldwide refining and marketing margins were higher than the previous quarter. In the U.S., our realized crack spread was $19.59 a barrel and that's $7.72 a barrel higher than the first quarter. Our international refining was $9.68 a barrel, which is $4.62 a barrel higher than the first quarter. Our U.S. marketing margin of $2.36 a barrel was $1.05 a barrel higher than the first quarter, and our international marketing margin was $7.78 a barrel and that's $0.60 a barrel higher than the first quarter. Our U.S. refining system ran at 93% of stated capacity. That's 2 percentage points lower than the previous quarter mainly due to some on planned downtime at our Sweeny and Trainer refineries as well as a turnaround at the Borger refinery. Our international refining system ran at 93% of stated capacity. That's an improvement of 3% compared to the first quarter. Our total worldwide crude oil capacity utilization for the second quarter was 93% and that's about 1 percentage point lower than the prior quarter for the reasons I just went through. Turnaround expenses were $58 million pretax. That's $17 million lower than the first quarter. Our asset rationalization program impacted second quarter results and I will cover that in the next slide. I am on page 12. The downstream net income in the second quarter was about $2.4 billion. That's $1.3 billion higher than the first quarter. Moving to the red bar on the left, you can see that first quarter included a benefit of $135 million from our asset rationalization program. You will see in a moment that the second quarter included a similar benefit. Moving to the right, prices, margins and other market impacts improved second quarter by $1.2 billion and volumes added an additional $5 million improvement. If you recall back when we went through on our conference call in the first quarter, we said that we were adversely impacted by trading and inventory results and the timing of the trading cost us about $0.04 a share. That was around $70 million. Well that has reversed and that amount and a little bit more is included and has benefited our second quarter in our downstream results. As I mentioned, there was a $158 million benefit from our asset rationalization program and then other reductions to the second quarter income totaled $29 million as predominantly lower equity earnings from the downstream business venture with EnCana is the result of the Borger refinery turnaround in the second quarter. Before I leave this slide we mentioned in our first quarter conference call that there was market movement in downstream and the refining margins and from the fourth quarter of last year to the first quarter of this year that market movement and crack movement is $4.50 but in the first quarter, we captured only $0.40 of it at only 10%. In the second quarter, the market movement was $8.50 and went up to $12.26, and so we captured, we believe in the second quarter not 10%, but we captured 70% of that market movement. For planning purposes going forward, I mean, normally we capture about 85% of the market movement. But as we look in the third quarter, and going forward for the short-term, maybe you could be in running your models be thinking of market capture closer to about 75%. But now I am going to move on to page 14, you can see the vast majority of our earnings come from our domestic refining business, and it's also supported by international refining. In fact, I'll just give you two numbers. Domestic refining, we earned $1.757 billion. International refining, we earned $287 million, when you add that up, it's little over $2 billion. So predominant amount of our earnings in the downstream comes from domestic and international refining. I'm moving on to page 14. Our estimate of equity earnings for the second quarter from LUKOIL is $526 million. It's $270 million higher than the first quarter, mainly due to higher realization from crude oil, and refined product sales. And slightly offset by higher extraction taxes, and the net impact from the alignment of our estimates to LUKOIL's actual reported results. Earnings from Midstream was $102 million compares to $85 million in the first quarter mainly due to higher natural gas liquids prices. Our chemicals joint venture contributed $68 million, down from $82 million in the last quarter, mainly due to a $21 million asset retirement, which was partially offset by better olefin and polyolefin margins. Our Emerging Businesses, lost $12 million in the second quarter compared to $1 million loss in the first quarter. That's due to lower power generation earnings. And our corporate costs of $337 million, only slightly improved from the previous quarter as lower net interest expense was mostly offset by higher compensation and benefit costs. Moving on to page 15, E&P income per BOE. And you can see on the chart it shows our income per BOE for the years 2003 through 2006 as well as the first quarters of 2007. Our E&P income per BOE remains competitive, and when we talk about the peer group, we're talking about ExxonMobil, BP, Shell, Total and Chevron. Of course, we don't have information available for the second quarter until all the results are reported. Moving on to slide 16. Income per barrel for the downstream, similarly for our downstream our income per barrel is quite competitive with peer groups, same peer group I just mentioned, same periods of time, and we believe that we'll continue to be competitive as we go through 2007. Moving on to page 17. Return on capital employed, again the same peer group is shown in the shaded area from the lowest to the highest, and it shows for our company, our ROCE with no adjustments for purchase accounting we made some adjustments with peer group, reflect purchase accounting, included in the attached table two, what those adjustments are. So you can see our annualized ROCE for the second quarter is 18%. It's an improvement over the first quarter. I'll give you some ROCEs annualized for the second quarter, E&P was 12%, downstream 42%, Midstream, chemical 21%, LUKOIL 21%, blended 18%. Moving on to the last slide. The last slide is the outlook we remain on track to deliver $3 billion to $4 billion in proceeds by the end of the year from our asset rationalization program. If you remember at the end of '06, our closed deals, we captured $500 million in asset dispositions, and so far in the first and second quarter this year, $2.2 billion and then we have agreements, but we haven't closed transactions that will be into the third, fourth quarter of $800 million, and then we're marketing some others such that we see no problem in doing the $3 billion to $4 billion. We continue negotiations with Venezuela concerning appropriate compensation for the expropriation of our oil projects, and we preserve our legal rights. We do believe and expect that we're working towards amicable solution, and settlement on compensation, if we don't then we resort to international arbitration. Looking at the third quarter, we expect E&P's production to be lower than the second quarter, as a result of loss of production from Venezuela, unplanned downtime in the U.K., as well as the result of a disruption of third-party pipeline, as well as planned downtime of Timor Sea in Alaska. Let, me give you a few numbers to help you with those comments. When you look at J-Block and the impact of the CATS pipeline being down added to or not on production to our plan on the East Irish Sea. And then the planned shutdowns that we have for maintenance in Australia for the LNG project, production in Alaska in the North Sea all of that in the third quarter compared to the second quarter amounts to about 90,000 BOE a day. Venezuela, we won't have production in Venezuela in the third quarter, and so that all in total amounts to about 90,000 BOE a day. So you can be looking at about 180,000 BOE a day third quarter compared to the second quarter. Now for the full-year, when we initially came out, we said for the full year including the LUKOIL segment, that we would do 2.375 million BOE a day for the entire year. Well, if you back out and expect 100,000 barrels a day for Venezuela for the third and fourth quarter on an annualized basis that's 50,000 BOE a day. We expect for the full year adjusting that 50,000 for the full-year, we will be doing 2.325 million BOE a day. That's going to be our average for all four quarters of 2007. In our downstream, capacity utilization is expected to be similar to the second quarter with turnaround costs of about $40 million pretax. As a result of one of the major reasons of where the CATS pipeline being down, we have seen much higher, high quality crude oil in the North Sea in the price of high quality crude oil in the North Sea, this is having an adverse impact on our Wilhelmshaven refinery, because it's essentially a breakeven refinery. And until we put in deep conversion, it's not a real sophisticated refinery. Because of the high crude oil prices we're backing off our volumes for market reasons. For that reason is why you're going to see capacity utilization down potentially somewhat in the international and the total company, because we've taken an economic decision to cut back runs at the Wilhelmshaven refinery, because of the run-up in high crude prices and the impact on margins. And then we expect, as we recently announced new share repurchase program, is going to be $15 billion. That's the third and fourth quarter through all of the four quarters of 2008, and we expect our third quarter share repurchases to be between $2 billion and $3 billion. And then we continue to pursue and evaluate alternative fuels, the latest example, recent announcement that we made, I think just a day or two ago with Peabody to explore development of commercial scale coal to substitute natural gas using our E-Gas technology. Those really conclude all the prepared statements, comments on the slides that we've put on the web. And so we'll now move to taking questions, and observations that you may have of us and we'll try to respond.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Neil McMahon with Sanford Bernstein.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, guys. Just wanted to run over a number of questions. The first is really on your refining number you mentioned that you were capturing more of the crack this quarter than you were last quarter. How much of this do you think is sort of self-help or ConocoPhillips-specific versus more of the industry margin improvements that we have seen in the second quarter? That's the first question and maybe Jim, you could give us an idea or indeed John, and idea for what your plans are for asset rationalization efforts in 2008 now that we have gone through half of the year 2007 in terms of your outlook for that in the future? Thanks.
Jim Mulva: Okay. First of all, it is kind of difficult for me to say just how much was self-help, but we definitely ran quite well in the second quarter, and we also saw that the crack spreads and all the differentials were somewhat better and we captured those. So, it is kind of hard to say how much was self-help. We continue to run really well. I think it is just the differentials were somewhat better in the second quarter for us than the first quarter and we captured that, we expect to continue to do that. The important thing though is to continue to run well. Asset rationalization going beyond 2007 well, I think for a company with our asset base we should continue to look at some amount of asset rationalizations as an ongoing program for each year subsequent to one we just announced. So the amount of that in all, exactly which assets they might be is something that we are putting into our refining program and our operating plans for 2008 and 2009 and we'll share that with the market when we are ready to and certainly no later than when we have our analyst update in early part of next year.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Maybe just one quick extra question, you mentioned the very high North Sea crude costs at the minute because I think it's the CATS pipeline that is dying or if though that was a gas pipeline. But could you just go through the local impact of that? Are you seeing all the refiners reducing their runs within the North Sea basin or local area that receives the crude?
Jim Mulva: It's kind of hard to say, but I think the less sophisticated refineries such as Wilhelmshaven obviously, are subject to, for economic reasons some cutbacks in runs.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Kessler with Simmons & Company.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Hi. Good morning. Jim having cut your Canadian capital budget by about $1 billion heading into this year, it looks as though we subsequently have seen some abatement in costs up there. Just curious at what point you might start to think about reversing course and starting to drill a few more wells?
Jim Mulva: Well, it's what you said is what we have experienced. We have seen some modest reductions in the cost of drilling in Canada, but then the issue for us is going to be just, where do we allocate all of our capital spend, where do we think the opportunities are best in our worldwide E&P portfolio. But we did say that we would expect to increase our spending or capital in Canada compared to what we did this year. But given the prices and all we will continue to evaluate that. One thing we want to make sure that we do is we never lose the optionality of ultimately drilling those wells, whether we increase our drilling for this drilling season coming up in 2007 early 2008, or we do it in a subsequent year.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Is there any kind of guidance you can provide in the near term then on production in Canada? Clearly down 6% year-on-year on the natural gas side, about 2% sequentially. Would you expect that to continue to fall off and maybe accelerate on the declines until maybe next year sometime when spending picks back up?
Jim Mulva: Well first, I think you're probably talking about natural gas production and it really is a fall-off is dependent upon how much we are going to spend on our capital program. We pretty well adjust that to what we want, but as I said, we don't forego or give up the optionality. So it's a detailed question that really don't have, not prepared to go into as it relates to 2008, 2009 production. That's something that we normally do when we share with you early next year But it really is dependent upon how much capital we want to spend, what the production levels are going to be with respect to gas. Now in oil, we expect that to ramp up, as we develop our oil sands joint venture with EnCana.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Jim, maybe just a follow-up on the natural gas question, certainly recognize that ConocoPhillips and certainly many of the larger companies are unlikely to react to the very short-term volatility. Is there a threshold gas price that we should be thinking about in terms of maintaining activity levels in and around where they have been or how are you thinking about the risk of lower gas prices, natural gas prices in the U.S.?
Jim Mulva: Well obviously, there's a lot of seasonality and it seems to really swing Arjun, as you know probably better than myself with respect to weather.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
Jim Mulva: And of course the weather we have not had really a warm summer season, which is good for the American consumer and we have had essentially no weather issues impacting production, which is also good in that regard. But I think what we do as a company is we will, we are constrained, we constrain ourselves on how much capital we really want to allocate to the company whether I recently gave a speech in Washington and said that we could expect our capital spend maybe to reach as high going into 2008, as much as $15 billion. Now we've said $13.5 billion and that's what we expect we are going to spend in 2007, but that doesn't necessarily mean that we are ramping up drilling programs in Canada or the lower 48. What we do recognize is that everything is costing us, committed projects that we have underway, everything is costing us more than we thought it was going to cost. This is the part of cost inflation, but then that will back into -- if we are going to, as a company, are going to spend $14 billion or $15 billion in 2008, then we back down and we look at our opportunity, so it is not a specific gas price that we look at. We just start looking at how do we want to restart at a more macro level? How much money do we want to allocate towards the growth and development of the company and we've already announced our share repurchase program, then we back in and rank our opportunities. Obviously, with a lower gas price, as I said earlier we don't want to give optionality, but we are patient and we'll wait. We feel quite strong and bullish about the North American gas markets, but if we retain optionality we don't feel we have to drill the wells in the immediate future.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's really helpful. If I can ask one other, can you just give an update on how or the status of some of the Middle East refinery projects you have been associated with? I think Saudi is the key one and I believe the UAE one is maybe longer term or down the road. Can you give an update on the status of those projects?
Jim Mulva: Well, first on working with in Abu Dhabi with IPIC, we continue to really work very well with them and working and developing alternatives, by which ultimately a project of some sort could be developed at Fujairah, but that is quite a bit longer term in nature. Whether we participate or not is something to be determined in the future. The one that is a little further along obviously is working with Saudi Aramco at Yanbu and all these projects are realizing increased pressure on costs, and so what we are doing is we are going through very elaborate engineering study work on how we can best get these projects to the finish line, but, Arjun, it is premature at this point in time. We just have to do a lot more engineering work and we have to do a lot more discussion on the commercial terms before we get to the point of sanctioning this project. I think that it's going to take quite a few more quarters. I can't recall the exact date, but I think sanctioning and all going forward is more of a 2008 decision, it's not a 2007 decision.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: And it's still a question mark in terms of decision because, as you said you are doing all the work at this point to study it?
Jim Mulva: We obviously with Saudi Aramco, we want to do the project. But we want to make sure that when we make the decision to go forward that we've done enough engineering and all and we have evaluated all the cases and the cost that is creating value for both Saudi Aramco and ourselves and it is premature to say that we have reached that point yet or not.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's really helpful, thank you very much, Jim.
Operator: Your next question is from Bernie Picchi with Wall Street Access.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: Good morning, gentlemen. Could you comment, Jim, on your likely interest in the Shtokman development in light of Total's recent decision to get involved in that project? I gather that Gazprom has said that they'd consider another non-Russian strategic investor in the project. But based on your understanding of what Total is signing up for is that something you would be interested in doing?
Jim Mulva: Well, we have had quite an interest in competing for equity ownership and participation in Shtokman. And in the middle of last year Gazprom, as you know, decided to do the project themselves and then subsequently have come back and said well, we think there is a role for a participant. But not direct ownership in the field, but ownership in the company that will operate it. Total has been selected to have a 25% participation and what we hear in working with Gazprom is there may be an opportunity for a company like ourselves to participate and have participation maybe less than Total. But, if we continue to talk discuss this opportunity with Gazprom, and whether we participate or not is premature because we are not that far enough along to make that decision, but I would I would like to say is we continue to discuss this. And I think following the guidelines that Gazprom has said that this would be decided here certainly through the remainder of 2007. So we're interested and we are discussing and talking with Gazprom and whether we ultimately participate or not is premature to say at this point.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: Jim, is it your understanding that total is going to be able to pick up their share, their proportionate share of the reserves in Shtokman. And if that were not the case, would that be kind of a no go for you if you couldn't book the Shtokman reserves?
Jim Mulva: We think, we had this question from others in different venues, not on a conference call, but as a company, ConocoPhillips, we like to have equity participation and aren't particularly interested in being a player in a project just as a service provider. We always like to have equity, so my understanding is there may be a possibility or way by which the reserves could be booked. But in terms of how that is done and the amount of that's done with respect to where total is at this point in time, I think you really have to talk to them. But for us to comment, again, it is premature for us.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: If I could ask just one more question, Jim, on Russia, just on the other side with your equity interest in LUKOIL, given the fact that the Iraqi Congress is mulling the oil legislation, I guess is supposed to go to parliament and be passed sometime before the end of the year. Could you talk a little bit about maybe some of the aspirations that you might have here on your own or through LUKOIL in participating in some exploration or more specifically I suppose development programs within Iraq?
Jim Mulva: Well, there's really maybe three ways. One, we continue to work with LUKOIL with strong support of the Russian government, that the West Qurna contract should be confirmed. And that is a very significant opportunity for participation for both LUKOIL and ourselves and we would like to do that. Another way is that, through partnership with LUKOIL, that we can do some other things in Iraq with LUKOIL. And the third way is that we continue to work with the Iraqis in terms of training in communication and whatever, that we could be looking at doing some things in Iraq when security is sorted out and the rules and regulations of oil and gas policy are sorted out in Iraq that we can be doing things with the ministry of Iraq. So there's really three ways we can participate. Great province, we'd like to be there; we'd like to invest, but of course obviously, as you know, things have to sort out first before we can do that.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your next question is from John Herrlin with Merrill Lynch.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Yeah, good morning, Jim. Two quick ones and then maybe one not so quick. Alaska LNG sales seem to be a little bit lower, was that just for lack of demand and have you had any more indications for greater demand given the quakes in Japan?
Jim Mulva: Well, I can't respond what has happened in Japan with respect to the earthquake. In terms of our LNG sales, it is not constrained because the market is not there. It's because of the fields are starting to become more mature and we do have maintenance, we do have turnaround and that is really primarily why there might be several cargoes less than in prior years. But it's not because of willingness on the behalf of the buyers to take the cargoes. I can't really comment on what has happened in the marketplace in Japan because of the earthquake.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's fine. You've had a lot of gas questions given Conoco's North American production exposure, could you address basis differentials and your position on the REX line?
Jim Mulva: On the REX line?
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: The Rocky Mountain Express.
Jim Mulva: Maybe, John, you might want to comment on that. You might be a little closer to that. I think what we know is that what is important about the REX pipeline is once in place, the basis differentials are really going to contract and that is going to be very beneficial for our production. That is why we are so supportive of it and taking an equity ownership interest.
John Carrig: Exactly. We've seen some near-term softness. We have a number of exit mechanisms out of the basin, but still there is overall there's been some softness in the Rockies and we expect that to improve as the REX pipeline, each stage of the REX pipeline becomes operational and in-service.
Jim Mulva: So what do we want? We want the REX pipeline, but it is always great when you have production and you can trade around your assets, your production, have multiple evacuation routes. So, REX is really important for us in long term our strategy in play, but on the other hand, we are also looking for is there some other evacuation alternatives, potentially even going south.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Great. The last one is the longer question so to speak. In your news release today, you had comments about changing policy or the need to change energy policy, would you mind addressing that. And also how rapidly do you think the government could actually respond to having a more comprehensive energy policy?
Jim Mulva: Our country has not had an energy policy for decades. Everyone on this conference call I think pretty well recognizes that we have quite an energy challenge ahead of us in terms of providing energy that runs our economy and our standard of living. We really think best that instead of punishing U.S. Congress and administration, we should really be looking at the oil and gas industry as really the industry that can provide the energy and provide the solution versus looking at legislation that constrains us, restricts us or punishes us or puts on windfall profits tax. We need to develop infrastructure, we need access. And so that's why we are speaking out so strongly is because we really need an energy policy and we need leadership in Washington and that's why we went through the four important principles that we feel that should be incorporated into a national energy policy. We also know that the oil and gas companies in the industry and companies like ourselves, we have to be at the table, be participant. We can't have everything our way; we have to give and take. But it is time for leadership, time for us to have an energy policy and these are the important principles that we believe we need. We are not just going through a cycle, we're really facing a very dramatic challenge in terms of providing energy. And we really think the oil and gas industry is the industry that the American public and our Congress and our leaders should look to, to help provide the solutions. We've done it in the past, we can do it in the future.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I guess the last one for me is on the Peabody deal. Will there be any sort of CO2 sequestration advantage with the gasification?
Jim Mulva: That's the plan. We're working hard with our technology and engineering studies that we can take coke and coal, use our technology and make synthetic gas, put it in pipelines, it goes right through to existing pipelines and takes the CO2 as a result of our technology and sequester it. So for all these reasons of course it is challenging from a commercial point of view, we have got to work on that. But another thing, part of our national energy policy, we have no framework; there is no framework, rules, regulations on how you actually sequester CO2. So, if we have a project like this that we want to develop, we have got to make sure it doesn't get held up because we have a plan of how to sequester CO2, but we don't have rules and regulations to get a permit to sequester it. So, that is something we will be working on.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Cheng with Lehman Brothers.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning. Jim or maybe John, can you tell us then how much you earned in the Venezuela operation in the second quarter?
John Carrig: $93 million.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: $93?
John Carrig: Yes.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: And also, John, in the share buyback, $2 to $3 billion in the second and in the third quarter and also again in the fourth quarter, are you expecting to fund all those from free cash flow or if the free cash flow is insufficient, you're going to raise some debt for that?
John Carrig: Well, our plan is to, as we indicated, to buy at that level, of course, it is dependent upon commodity prices and the operations of the company, but if there is some increase in debt to accommodate that, we are prepared to do that.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay. So you do prepare if you need to increase the debt?
Jim Mulva: That's correct. In other words, when we announced the program that we're going to buy $15 billion over the next 18 months, we wanted to communicate to the marketplace certainty by which this is going to be done and we do recognize, yes, the marketplace may or may not be at $70 oil price and crack spreads but we feel we have essentially accomplished our debt reduction. We have a very strong financial position that we can fund this share repurchase program, our capital program, and if debt goes up a little bit, we still have a very strong financial structure. So it is not dependent upon the marketplace.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Perfect. John, in the LUKOIL, second quarter your share of the earning you reported $526 million, is there any one-time catch-up from the first-quarter actual?
John Carrig: Yes, there is.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: How much?
John Carrig: About $40 million.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: $40 million?
John Carrig: Yes.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: And then...?
John Carrig: That, of course, that is our estimate of LUKOIL's earnings. They will report their earnings in due course. B>Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers Right. Totally understand. and Jim is there any update you can give in terms of the oil sands joint venture ramp-up? Are we seeing anything unusual or that's unexpected, good or bad?
Jim Mulva: No. We are going for the year. We are going to be just a little bit less than what we planned and that is because we had some operational upsets earlier, I think in the first quarter. But, we are up pretty much right on plan and as we go through 2007 and then we are going to update our estimates when we get together early next year for what we expect in 2008 and 2009.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: I know, Jim, it is early. Is there any rough number that you can give us in terms of the production and capital spending for next year?
Jim Mulva: Well. I kind of went through that. I said that, just earlier that I don't think it is going to be $13.5 billion, but I think it's probably going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of $14 billion, maybe as much as $15 billion, but the reason for that is we have got some pretty significant opportunities that we are going to be adding to the program and we also see quite a bit of cost pressures on existing commitments. So, we don't want to lose our discipline on capital spend. The market is actually compared to a year ago stronger, a little more robust than we might have thought, say if we put plans together a year ago, but we don't want to lose the capital discipline. We want to seize the opportunities. We have a strong balance sheet and we like annual increases in dividends and we are committed to the $15 billion share repurchase that we just announced that we have got to make sure we provide for.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: How about in terms of production or is it too early?
Jim Mulva: Well. Production, as we have said, obviously you have got to take Venezuela out. That has an impact on current production, but we've essentially booked the reserves, were already recognized for Venezuela. So, it does not change our expectation for this year and subsequent years that we are going to replace our reserves once you back out Venezuela so, we start with a lower base because we've backed out the reserves for Venezuela. But, what we expect is replace our reserves over the next five years and it can be lumpy. But, when you say lumpy, I think we'll be in a neighborhood of anywhere from 80% reserve and replacement to 120%, but the average over the five years is going to be 100%.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Very good, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Leggate with Citigroup.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning, Jim.
Jim Mulva: Good morning.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: A couple of things, I am sorry to drag up Venezuela, but maybe just a couple of questions around that. I don't know how much you can say about the arbitration, but clearly there were several steps that were taken down there not least the extraction tax and the moving the income tax and so on. Are you looking at the value pre any of those changes when you look at arbitration or are you looking at the value from January 1, 2007?
Jim Mulva: Well. I really think Doug I appreciate the question. But, it is probably not appropriate for me to get into how we would look at arbitration because from a sensitivity point of view, we really do believe and I know the Venezuelan authorities were both engaged in discussing, talking about how we agree on compensation and that is our number one objective. And for me to start getting into the details of how arbitration may or may not work takes away from the overriding thrust, which is to get agreement in terms of amicable settlement, and even if we could get to that point, I don't think it is appropriate to get into how we actually do that until that point in time comes so, that is something that I think really is more confidential and appropriate for us to retain within the company.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay, I appreciate that. The kind of related question is obviously, the Corocoro was one of the assets. I believe it is no longer going to be in the portfolio. So, as you look forward to the production targets that you laid out back in March, how do you feel about those now? And I guess, a related question to what you just said about reserves. If you are still looking to grow reserves, or sorry production, at the 3 plus percent level, what reserves, replacement sticks around 100? That obviously implies deterioration in your reserve life. Can you just make a few comments around that and how you feel about that going forward?
Jim Mulva: What was the very last part though?
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: If your reserve replacement is 100% and you are growing your production at 3 plus percent, your reserves' life is probably going to start to continue to move lower. I am just wondering if you could comment around that, whether you see that as an issue or not.
Jim Mulva: Well. I can confirm what you just said. You can expect that.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay, and on the production guidance? Is the 3 percent plus number still good without Corocoro?
Jim Mulva: Well, yes. I mean we haven't changed what we have in mind. Now, a few things I would say. You just have to back out everything that relates to Venezuela. That's Hamaca, Petrozuata and Corocoro. If you look at the rest of the Company for the reasons I went through, we pretty well have booked everything associated with Petrozuata and Hamaca.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay.
Jim Mulva: And unfortunately, we have a few projects that haven't really come on stream like we thought this year. We have our participation in Alvheim in Norway, Brit Sats has not come on quite as quickly as we would have expected and we are going to have new production coming from Bohai and we have increased production coming from the oil sands in Canada And, we have satellite fields and exploitation and some other BD things that we are working on. So, I think the best assessment at this point in time until we update early next year is just back out Venezuela and everything else remains essentially the same as what we have passed along to you in prior presentations.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay, I guess the final one is going back to the share buybacks. It is kind of I guess, in line with the issue around Venezuela. You lost a chunk of reserves. Obviously, down there is stable production. Are you canceling the shares that you are buying back? And could you kind of just recommit to your recent comments about not really looking at acquisitions anytime soon?
Jim Mulva: Well. Obviously, when we buy back the shares that we have announced, we feel pretty bullish about the company and we also feel that the shares are undervalued and it's one of the best opportunities we have in terms of buying our own shares back. That will also translate into increased production per share both from the E&P side, as well as the refining side. In terms of acquisitions as I said earlier, I really think that we've done that, we've done a lot of deals, transactions, joint ventures, acquisitions, mergers since 1999. There probably will be more consolidation over the next decade. But I think, this cycle has pretty well run its course, particularly for our company. So, we also look at what is available, the cost is very expensive and politically not really doable. So, really haven't changed our view, which is why we have announced a very aggressive share repurchase program that fits our capital structure and we are funding our capital opportunities And, it's also a direct communication to the analyst and financial community and to our shareholders that when we buy back this amount of shares, we don't contemplate doing large M&A deals.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Would you essentially be targeting, are you trying to I guess, remove the dilution when you issued the stock for Burlington? Is that kind of where this is going eventually?
John Carrig: I think that is a fact that will happen.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay, and are those shares going to be canceled?
John Carrig: Doug, we don't cancel them as such. They are acquired and held in treasury. That is how it works. They are still authorized. And that mechanic I don't think applies.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: All right. Great. Thanks very much indeed.
John Carrig: I would like to add that the math is such that, if you only replace 100% of your reserves and you maintain a 3% production growth as we do, then the RP ratio will decline. However, Jim's statement that we expect to replace 100% of our reserves is not our aspiration, it is just what we are willing to say now. And we certainly do hope to do better than that and that is our objective.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Barcelo with Banc of America.
Dan Barcelo - Banc of America: Yes. Good morning. You touched on LNG a bit with comments on Shtokman. I didn't know if you could just broaden that a bit for an update on Qatar LNG, how is the development drilling going there, cost there and then also just comment briefly on the LNG strategy overall?
Jim Mulva: Okay look, with respect to Qatargas 3, it is a big project, huge project and of course there are many projects being undertaken in Qatar, of which one, ours is one of the very large ones, but, we've got a great team over there doing really well and there is no real change with respect to the schedule and the cost. In terms of our LNG approach around the world we'd like to do more work in Qatar, but as you know for the last two years, they've rescinded or stopped any new projects. We have and continue to participate looking at what can be done with the Brass project in Nigeria. We've talked about Shtokman, but, we also look at what could be done in Timor Sea of Australia and we have some opportunities that we'd like to see ultimately, a Darwin 2 and a Darwin 3, but that is going to take a development of projects and appraisal programs to make sure that we have the resources to do it. But we have the location, we have we believe the marketplace is there. We have the infrastructure and location that we can do this out of Darwin. So I think what you are really looking at is hopefully in time maybe we can get in and do some more in Qatar. But does Shtokman fit into our portfolio or not, will that come to fruition or not? Premature, don't know. But I think the likelihood of doing more LNG projects such as Darwin 2 and Darwin 3 has a higher probability.
Dan Barcelo - Banc of America: Okay, thanks. And if I could also, if I could get an update a bit on your 2007 exploration outlook. I know you had a bunch of appraisal wells and you were drilling about five new places here and also if you could talk about the exploration maybe in the context of what your strategy would be around the U.S. Gulf of Mexico lease sales that are upcoming given your existing acreage position there?
Jim Mulva: Well, in terms of lease sales, I don't think it is appropriate or right for me to comment too much because that is always so competitive. We really wouldn't want to do that. But we are very interested in the Arctic. We are very interested also in the Paleogene, the deeper horizon in the Gulf of Mexico. Fortunately, we have a pretty sizable acreage position, but we have been doing some transactions and deals and farm-outs by which we can commercialize or get some value from the acreage that we have in the deep Gulf of Mexico and we are just in the process of starting to drill one of those wells. So hopefully come our way in that regard, but this is an area that is pretty interesting to us. It could be really quite promising for us. But again, like in all explorations, you are going to have to drill the wells and the probability of success; you have to be realistic about it. But we are quite interested in the Arctic and we feel that it is important for us and we will continue a consistent spend on exploration as we are this year. We will carry forward into next year, but we are looking for the new opportunities and are spending predominately more of our money on doing the geophysical work as opposed to just drilling wells that we feel may not have the prospectivity that we would like to have in the portfolio.
Dan Barcelo - Banc of America: Perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Gilman with Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Guys, good morning. I had a couple of things I wanted to go over if I could. First, nuts and bolts nature. If I calculate the foreign upstream tax rate, exclusive of the Venezuelan impairment. I am looking at something in the neighborhood of about 59 percent, which is pretty high relative to where it has been in the past, particularly in a period where Norwegian volumes, probably the highest taxed in the portfolio, were down for maintenance-related reasons. Anything in particular going on in terms of any changes in tax rates that we should be thinking about?
John Carrig: No. In fact, if you back out Venezuela, there were some other one-time tax charges in the results. It's consistent with prior quarters. So we don't think there is anything, amiss overall in the overall tax posture.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, John, thanks. Jim, regarding the production guidance in the third quarter; 90,000 a day if I heard you correctly, incremental maintenance and downtime-related hit versus the second, which was already significantly burdened by exactly those same effects and in particular, the once in three-year turnaround at Ekofisk, which I assume is certainly not going to be repeated in the third. That 90,000 number seems very, very high, particularly given that the Timor maintenance is only one month. It almost sounds if you may be low-balling the production number a little bit. Could you help me understand that 90,000 figure maybe with some additional detail?
Jim Mulva: I think we are looking at potentially in the third quarter losing nearly 35,000 BOE a day from J-Block because of the pipeline being down. That's a great deal of it and then we have got Timor Sea, Indonesia and I guess Bayu-Undan maintenance, seasonal maintenance and we have some up in Alaska. And I don't know, Gary, you...
Gary Russell: We have got some plant issues in the Irish Sea that look like it might cost us about 10. So it is nuts and bolts, it gets you to about 90.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, just one more if I could, please. Regarding Venezuela, I am a little puzzled by the strategy of essentially attempting to walk away and negotiate compensation. It would seem to me given your asset position that one might have opted for the strategy adopted by others and in particular your strategy seems to assume. And this is where I would like your comment, the ability to enforce any international arbitration award should it come to that, that you might receive, enforce it against existing U.S. assets held by PDVSA. Is that in fact what you are assuming in terms of enforceability of any potential arbitration award?
Jim Mulva: Well, Mark, I won't get into the details of it, but what we essentially our decision. We look at the probability and the valuation of reaching agreement through a settlement of compensation or arbitration as a last resort as more value creation for our shareholders than staying in Venezuela. It also has issues associated with governance, governance on investment decisions, operating decisions that we felt that all were factored into our decision. But the bottom line really is that we think that we create and protect the shareholder with more value by not migrating and staying in Venezuela than following the course that we are.
Operator: Gentlemen, your next question comes from Nicki Decker with Bear Stearns.
Nicki Decker - Bear Stearns: Good morning. Jim, just to follow up on your comments on Arctic drilling, maybe you could give us an update on your drilling program around the Alpine field? Remind us of what your 2007 plan is and maybe a progress report?
Jim Mulva: Well, when I was talking about the Arctic, we have quite a bit of experience Arctic both North of Russia, Alaska, Canada and all I was really saying is we look to the Arctic as potentially a new province. It is more remote, more challenging technically and commercially, but I was just merely talking about the Arctic as something in the long-term future that on an exploration point of view we have an interest in. Now in terms of Alpine, I think we will have to come back to you on that because I don't think any of us have the detail. Maybe Gary does, but I don't have detail.
Gary Russell: I can get back to you, Nicki.
Nicki Decker - Bear Stearns: Okay. I appreciate that. Thanks, Gary. Just on a higher level, just judging by recent announcements out of Conoco, there appears to be more emphasis on alternative fuel projects than maybe what was indicated in your past strategy presentation. Can you comment on whether that is the case and maybe your spending plans in this unit in 2007 and 2008?
Jim Mulva: As far as spending, 2008 may be somewhat more than 2007, but I don't think it is going to be dramatically more because what we are really doing is we are going to have to do a lot of technical research, technical work, commercial work, but we want to get out that these are opportunities that we potentially are pursuing. But in terms of its impact to the capital program, its real impact is probably going to be subsequent to 2008 because you have got to get these projects in shape that you want to do them. What we are really saying is we are working like in the case of Peabody, doing the engineering and the commercial work. The position is we go through 2008 that maybe we could get to the point of going forward with this project, but I don't think you are going to see a lot more money allocated in the '08 program compared to the '07 program.
Nicki Decker - Bear Stearns: Well, Jim, has there been a shift in your thinking on opportunities in this business say relative to what your thinking was a year ago?
Jim Mulva: No, not really. We just look at these alternative fuels and renewable opportunities as something that we have been working on for a number of years and we are trying to bring them to fruition. In terms of the traditional business of upstream and downstream and the E&P, access is an issue and access is becoming more competitive. National oil companies are becoming stronger and stronger every day. There are more competitors both as national oil companies, as well as companies smaller than ourselves, larger than ourselves. It's a very competitive environment and we just want to make sure that we play that game very competitively, very aggressively. But on the other hand, we need to also be careful for the shareholder that we just don't throw money yet trying to chase access and taking opportunities that have little probability of creating value for the shareholder.
Nicki Decker - Bear Stearns: Okay. And one more very quickly. On Shtokman, did you say, Jim, that you expected a decision out of Gazprom on potential additional partners sometime in 2007?
Jim Mulva: I think that is what Gazprom has said that they would like to make this decision. So I am really, if I am wrong, it is because, I am not saying something that Gazprom hasn't said. I am merely reflecting and repeating what I believe they have said that they would like this decision to be made during, by the end of 2007.
Nicki Decker - Bear Stearns: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A session for today. I will turn the call back to Mr. Gary Russell for closing remarks.
Gary Russell: Okay. Again, we thank everybody for their participation and interest in the company and we would remind you that the presentation material that we went through this morning, along with the supplemental schedules and information, are available on our website at www.conocophillips.com. Thanks again for your participation and good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a good day

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-24 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Gary Russell - GM of IR   Jim Mulva - Chairman and CEO   John Carrig - EVP of Finance and CFO 
Analysts: Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers   John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch   Doug Leggate - Citigroup   Gene Gillespie - Howard Weil   Mark Gilman - Benchmark   Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank   Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns   Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein   Dan Barcelo - Banc of America 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips Fourth Quarter 2006 Earnings Call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions).  I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
Gary Russell: Thanks, Jen and welcome to everyone who is on the conference call today for ConocoPhillips fourth quarter 2006 results. With me today are Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and John Carrig, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.  The presentation material that we use today is going to help us explain the financial and operating performance of our company during the fourth quarter of 2006. And you can find this presentation on our website, www.conocophillips.com.  On page 2 of the presentation, you will find our Safe Harbor statement. It basically says that our presentation and the responses to your questions today will include forward-looking statements about our current expectations. Actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. And you can find a list of the items that could cause these material differences in our filings with the SEC.  So, now I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Mulva. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Jim Mulva: Hi Gary, thank you and good morning and I appreciate everyone joining us for our fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. I appreciate your interest in our company. And so, I am going to start my comments on slide for page 3. You can see for the fourth quarter of '06 we generated $3.2 billion of net income, $5.6 billion of cash from operations. Two, previously disclosed impairments reduced our net income for the quarter by about $285 million and that's about $0.17 per share and I will talk more about these two items in subsequent slides.  During the fourth quarter we were able to reduce our debt-to-capital ratio to 24% so down 1% from the third quarter. We reduced our debt level of $700 million so at the end of the year it was at $27.1 million and we obviously continue to fund our capital and investment program.  Now for the fourth quarter of 2006, we produced $2.49 million BOE a day and now that includes about an estimated 438,000 BOE a day from our LUKOIL Investment segment. Again I will talk more about all of this in subsequent slides. Well our refining and -- refineries ran at 95 -- 94% of crude processing capacity so that's down 1 percentage points for the previous quarter. Now with respect to the metrics, return in capital employed and income per barrel from upstream and downstream, we have some slides and we will talk about that later in the presentation.  So I am going to move on to page 4, this slide on page 4 shows comparison of fourth quarter net income to third quarter. Our worldwide refining and marketing margins were significantly lower and in the third quarter. In addition our crude oil natural gas liquids prices along with Penreco margins were lower than the third quarter. So the net of all of this along with other market impacts resulted in a decrease in fourth quarter net income of about $1.2 billion that's the 1.158 read are on the last slide of this page as compared to the third quarter.  Now we had higher E&P sales volume, they were partially offset by lower volumes in our refining, marketing and chemical segments. But these higher volumes improved our fourth quarter net income by $153 million. At third quarter we recorded one time negative tax adjustments as a result of recent tax legislation you recall the United Kingdom, Alaska and Venezuela now this shows up as a positive variance quarter-to-quarter that's the $508 million in this chart. Since we didn't have adjustments in the fourth quarter and the other items $182 million reduced our fourth quarter compared to the third and that includes the absence of business interruption claims, higher operating expenses drive low cost and higher asset impairments, but partially offset by improved foreign currency exchange impacts and higher DD&A, as a result fourth quarter net income was $3.2 billion.  Now I am going to move on to page five that talks about total company cash flow. We started the fourth quarter with the cash balance of $696 million, we generated about $5.6 billion from fourth quarter operations. We spent $4.2 billion during the quarter on our capital program and investments. Investments included the acquisition of 1% of LUKOIL stock and that 1% cost us about $753 million. Fourth quarter we paid our $593 million in dividends, reduced our debt by $700 million. Additionally we repurchased $250 million ConocoPhillips stock in the fourth quarter. So together with the Burlington Resources first quarter of 2006 share repurchases, our pro forma repurchase program and all of '06 totaled approximately $1 billion. After considering other resources of cash flow, we ended the quarter with $817 million in cash. I am going to move on to page 6.  Page 6, you see the two pie charts, that show the sources and uses of cash for the full year of 2006. Now with respect to the chart on the left, it shows total cash available for the year was $25.4 billion, about 85% of that was generated from cash from operations. As you look at the pie chart on the right, you can see what we have done with $25.4 billion in cash. We spent $16.3 billion, or about 64% of available cash to fund our capital investment program. So if you look at all ‘06 we effectively reinvested little more than 100% of our net income back into the growth, development of our businesses.  Further looking on the right hand pie chart, we returned $8.3 billion or about 33% of available cash to our shareholders and debt holders, from a dividend share repurchases and debt reduction.  I am going to move on to page 7, which this chart of -- this slide you can see as we compare our cash return to shareholders and debt holders for the year of 2006.  As mentioned previously we returned about a third of our available cash or about $8.3 billion shareholders and debt holders. Now this is a little over a half of what the other companies on this chart, peer average doing about 55% and this is the result because ConocoPhillips has a much higher reinvestment rate where we reinvest our cash back into the growth development of our businesses.  For 2007, we expect to continue to show this chart in subsequent conference calls. And for 2007, we expect to employ even more balanced approach to the use of our cash and you could expect as we go through 2007 that we will have proportionately more cash allocated to dividend, distributions and share repurchases.  In December, we announced our reduced 2007 capital and investment program of $13.5 billion, and earlier this month we advise that our plan is to purchase 750 million of our shares in the first quarter of '07 and now we are going to provide an update on our dividends and our share repurchase program later this quarter.  So, I am moving on to the debt ratio slide on page 8. You can see we made good progress since the first quarter this year, since we had improved our debt-to-capital ratio and even increased our book equity and reduced debt. You can see our book equity is growing now to $84 billion. In mid of the chart, you can see we reduced our debt balance on the balance sheet by $5.1 billion from the high point at the end of the first quarter. So, if you look at the bar chart in the right, you can see that debt ratio 24% at the end of 2006 so, that's 6 percentage points lower than at the peak at the end of the first quarter of this year.  I am moving on to page 9. I am talking of several slides on E&P performance. Now, our worldwide realized crude oil price in the fourth quarter was much lower than the third quarter, back it's down $9.94 a barrel went down to $55.10 a barrel for our realized crude production in the fourth quarter.  Our global realized natural gas prices were only slightly higher at $6.12 per MCF versus $5.91 per MCF in the third quarter. And our realized price in US down $0.14 per MCF to $5.84. And our international realized price was up $0.51 MCF to $6.36 MCF.  Our E&P production and sales were higher in the fourth quarter than the previous quarter. As I said earlier we recorded one time negative tax adjustments in the third quarter as a result of tax legislation in United Kingdom, Alaska, Venezuela, so you see the impact on this quarter-to-quarter in the subsequent slides.  So I am going to move onto slide, page 10. Our production in the fourth quarter was similar to that of the third quarter. Although we saw improvement in the production from our Prudhoe Bay unit in Alaska, the improvement was short of what we expected due to weather related issues at Valdez which adversely impacted our oil lifting's.  Although we saw improved production in the UK after completing planned maintenance that negatively impacted third quarter production. The improvement wasn't as large as we would have expected due to unplanned compressor maintenance issues at our Britannia facility. These improvements that we are talking about here in the slide were mostly offset by our share of production from the Timor Sea due to production sharing contract impacts. And by completing the recovery of the under lifts in Libya, in the fourth quarter, we under lifted as you recall the first several quarters of 2006, so we think we got caught up in the fourth quarter. Then you add the 438,000 BOE a day which is our estimate of our equity share of LUKOIL's production. Now the total ConocoPhillips production approximated 2.49 million BOE a day in the fourth quarter.  Moving on to page 11, E&P net income. Our E&P net income in the fourth quarter was about $2.1 billion that's about $200 million higher than the third quarter. Results in the fourth quarter were about $400 million lower due to lower crude oil natural gas liquids prices partially offset by higher natural gas prices and some other market impacts. Higher sales volumes mainly from crude oil from Alaska some from Algeria, and improved fourth quarter -- that all improved fourth quarter income by a $159 million. As mentioned earlier the third quarter was negatively impacted by recent tax legislations in UK, Alaska and Venezuela, so this shows up that the $508 million positive variance when you compare quarter-to-quarter. And there are some other factors that reduced our fourth quarter E&P net income $83 million when compared to the previous quarter. And that includes Canadian asset impairment and higher exploration expenses partially offset by improved foreign exchange impacts some other smaller items.  Now I am moving from E&P to Refining and Marketing, so I am on page 12. Refining marketing we experienced significantly lower, refining marketing margins compared to the third quarter. Now in the US our realized crack spreads declined $2.71 a barrel in the fourth quarter to $11.39 a barrel. Now international realized crack spread declined $0.24 to $6.22 a barrel. Our US refining system ran at 96% of capacity, that's the same as the third quarter. Our international refining system ran at 87% of capacity that's 2% lower than the third quarter due to planned and scheduled downtime at our Wilhelmshaven refinery. As a result our worldwide crude oil capacity utilization was 94% in the fourth quarter, 1% more than the third quarter.  Our turnaround expenses in the fourth quarter were $94 million pre-tax that's $52 million pre-tax higher than the third quarter. Also in the third quarter we recorded $111 million business interruption claims related to the 2005 hurricanes. Of course that wasn't replicated in the fourth quarter, so it's a variance and we recorded impairment on our domestic marketing assets held for sale.  I am moving on to slide 13. Our refining and marketing net income was $919 million in the fourth quarter so that's $545 million lower than the third quarter. We had significantly lower worldwide crack spreads and marketing margins along with some other market impacts so it reduced our fourth quarter net income as you could see in the slide $496 million. Then we had lower volumes due to slightly lower crude oil capacity utilization that has an impact adverse impact to earnings of $10 million in the quarter. Then we had some other items in the fourth quarter reduced income 39 million that includes the absence of business interruption claims in the fourth quarter and a turnaround cost, operating expenses. Some of this was all partially offset by oil impairment and assets that held for sale, improved foreign exchange impacts and lower taxes.  I am moving on now to page 14. Our estimated equity earnings in the fourth quarter from the LUKOIL investment were $302 million. So, that's down from the $487 million in the third quarter and that's primarily due to lower crude oil prices in the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter, we completed our purchases of the LUKOIL shares. So, at the end of 2006, we owned 20% of the authorized and issued shares of LUKOIL. But it represents also 20.6% of the estimated shares outstanding.  I am going to move on now to the other segments that we reported on and that's on slide or page 15, other segments. The earnings from our midstream business in the fourth quarter were $89 million. So, that's down $80 million from the third quarter. So, the decrease is the result primarily of lower NGL prices and along with some certain favorable tax adjustments, which we recorded in the third quarter wasn't -- didn't happen again in the fourth quarter. We expect with chemicals joint venture our net income was $98 million. That's 44 million lower than the third quarter, primarily due to lower margins in nearly all of the product lines, which is primarily olefins and polyolefins, aromatics, and styrenics. We also had an asset retirement of $16 million net our share related to the idle capacity in the K-Resin business from the chemicals joint venture.  Now, on the emerging businesses, not all that large for a financial impact results for $8 million of net income just slightly lower than in the third quarter, and then in corporate segments our costs were $306 million, pretty similar to the previous quarter. I am going to talk about now on the next slide income per barrel for the upstream and the downstream. And we have started showing this and will show this in subsequent conference calls for each quarter.  So, I am on slide 16 and this chart shows for prior years and three quarters year-to-date where we can compare with larger other oil companies and then we show the fourth quarter, what is our income and E&P per barrel of oil equivalent. And you can see $11.69 in the fourth quarter. We don't have the numbers for the industry, so obviously we don't have blue bars. So, we feel that we continue to work on this seems to be competitive with the peer group.  I am going to go to page 17, we show, what is our income per barrel for refining and marketing, and we show for the same period of time. And you can see for the fourth quarter, we have $3.36 a barrel and we feel we're certainly competitive with the peer group.  So, now I am going to go on to page 18. We always show this slide and that's why in the shaded area in the background, we show as a peer group, that's return on capital employed for the larger, integrated, publicly traded companies. So, that's ExxonMobil, BP, Shell, Total, Chevron. And so, the bar chart reflects ConocoPhillips' return on capital employed with no adjustments for purchase accounting. Adjustments though have been made to several of the peer groups shown in this shadowed area to reflect purchase accounting for some other transactions and we always attach table one, so you can see how we made the adjustments.  So, as you can see on right hand side of this slide, our annualized return on capital employed for the fourth quarter of 2006 is 13% and then for the full year, it's 17%. And so, when we get the information for the other companies when they report, quite obviously, we will update our charts.  So, now I am going to -- coming to the final two slides, the pages that we have in our presentation. So, I am moving on to page 19, which is the outlook. We feel we have had another good strong financial year in 2006. For 2007, we are going to place and continue to place a lot of emphasis on operating excellence, both upstream and downstream, and to do this well we need to operate obviously very well day-in and day-out to execute out major projects, replace our reserves, constrain our cost.  In light of our preliminary reserve replacement that we announced earlier this month for 2006, I would like to take a few moments and provide some additional insights on our reserve replacement picture. Our reserve replacement history has been somewhat uneven. Some years are stronger than other. As access to resources becomes more and more challenging, cycle times grow, investments are quite high. As a result of the complexity of the major development projects that we have, we would expect our reserve replacement to continue on an annual basis to be somewhat uneven. A better indicator of how well we perform, we always feel, a longer term, like a five-year average. If you look at five years, our five year pro forma average reserve replacement excluding acquisitions, we might say organic replacement, has been around 65%.  In the future, we would expect to book reserves from our substantial on book resources associated with our legacy assets that's we have Lower 48, Australia, Alaska, Norway, growth areas of Canada, Russia, Qatar and China. And we will continue to pursue new acreage opportunities to supplement and support our current resource space.  Now in 2006, our preliminary downward revisions totaled 260 million barrels with about 65% of that 260 million coming as a result of further technical assessment of our reserves in the Caspian. Now we are talking about Kashagan, let me be a little bit more specific. Analytically when we booked Kashagan, we booked the portion of the production expected from Phase I development as opposed to a more limited area of reserves existing from the appraisal wells coming from exploration. So that is the reason on Caspian and Kashagan.  Then the other part of that 65% relates to the accumulation of more information regarding corrosion, facility, lifespan, wave height data in the North Sea, particularly related to Ekofisk, Eldfisk facilities in the North Sea. So if the longevity of the facilities is shorter than you plan, then you are going have to be making new investments to make sure that you capture those resources in the future. Now we haven't approved those new plants yet, so we took some reserves of the books that we would expect over time, but new investment we will be adding reserve back-end.  So, those two issues accounts for about 65% of the $260 million barrels. And another 25% of that $260 million, so it all adds up to about 90% these regions from the $260 million came from a well performance and contract extension issues in Alaska and our exit from Dubai. We left Dubai as you recall, yes we have reserves on the books but we effectively were making essentially no money on the production and so we felt it didn't make sense to be pushing barrels and committing human resources and all when we could better deploy our human resources do other things to grow and develop the company.  So as I have discussed on previous earning calls, our oil and gas reserves governance process is strong. We do this very thoroughly to enhance it further, we the management of the company last year we selected an independent third party to review our reserves analysis and procedures and we just believed that this is good governance that's independent review enhances governance process to review third party assessment of our reserve position. And the independent review confirms that our reserve position in the aggregate is correct.  The Caspian Kashagan revision that I mentioned earlier was an outcome of this review. It represents less than 1% of our total reserves and so we expect we have an ongoing relationship in review -- independent review of our reserve position and it's on a rolling three year period of time, so everything gets clicked at on a routine basis and so we always keep updating our situation we just think this is good governance. So there is nothing new unusual to further report we are just giving you more detail of what a price when we announced our preliminary reserve replacement numbers earlier this month. Now information regarding our 2006 reserve replacements can be available later in February and its part of our Annual Form 10-K filing with the SEC.  Now let's complete some comments on this final slide. We are pleased to start 2007 with the closing of the transaction to create integrated North America heavy oil business with EnCana, I want you to know the integration efforts are progressing well in-line with our expectations. So, having completed our LUKOIL share repurchase, we look forward for the strength in our strategic relations with LUKOIL, looking at opportunities that we can be doing upstream and downstream.  Then turning to our asset rationalization efforts, you see, we generated proceeds of about $500 million in ‘06, we can expect to get about $1 billion in this month, or I say the first quarter. And you will see that when we finish and report the first quarter results. The balance of our rationalization efforts is on target we expect essentially we complete that in '07. And looking at the first quarter, as we announced, we expect the company's E&P segment, this is not LUKOIL, and the E&P segment production can be lower than the fourth quarter. Now, let me explain this a bit.  The increase, we are going to see an increase let's say about 25,000 barrels a day that we get our share of the upstream EnCana joint venture. We expect that a lot of this is going to be offset by the affect of the disposition program that we have in the order of 48 and Canada asset dispositions. Continued improvement in Prudhoe Bay, we expect, we are going to see increase in the fourth quarter 20,000 barrels a day, but that somewhat offset by plan downtime that we are going to have in the first quarter in the North Sea.  And then we no longer have this catch-up, fourth quarter catch-up and the under-lift position in Libya. In addition, the OPEC production quota reductions do have an impact on us is going to impact us somewhat, Venezuela and Libya and that's going to increase first quarter production. If the currently announced quotas continue through the first quarter then the impact of the quota reduction to our worldwide production is reduction of our 30,000 barrels a day.  Now, you step back from all of this and you compare the fourth quarter of '06 to the first quarter of '07, we're thinking that we're going to be down somewhere in the neighborhood of about 25,000 barrels a day oil equivalent. Now, in our downstream refining business, we expect crude oil capacity utilization to be in the mid 90% range in the first quarter. Now, remember now, our crude oil refining capacity starting January this year is 2,729,000 barrels a day now that's down from the 2,901,000 barrels a day and it just reflects the contribution of some of our refining capacity at Wood River and the Borger refineries into the downstream joint venture with EnCana.  Now turnaround cost, are expected to be about $60 million for the quarter. As I said before, we announced our December, in December our reduced 2007 capital on investment program compared to '06 to '07. So, '07 capital investment program $13.5 billion and we told you earlier this month that we plan to repurchase 750 million of shares in the first quarter of '07 and we're going to update you with more information regarding dividends and share repurchase. The reason that we announced the 750 million is we're really completing the final part of our previously announced share repurchase program. So, we will tell you more as we go through the first quarter because we will discuss dividends and share repurchase with our Board and that's why we announced -- we made the announcements we have, expect more information as we go into the February and March time period.  Then last thing I will say we look forward to updating the investment community on the status of our financial operating, spending programs as well as our continuing asset rationalization efforts, when we meet with you in New York at our March 14th meeting. So that the way it concludes prepared remarks and so I think John Carrig, Russell and myself will try to respond to whatever questions you may have of us. 
Gary Russell: Okay Jane I think, we are ready to take some questions. 
Operator: Thank you gentlemen. (Operator Instructions) Gentlemen your first question comes from Paul Cheng with Lehman Brothers. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. Good morning. Jim giving all the political noise or think just the way how they look at foreign investment in Venezuela, have you changed your view and looking at Venezuela the position, within your portfolio as a page for future investment, and how would you adjust or assess the risk profile right now? Secondly that last time you talked about some of the downstream projects maybe under review not necessary going to be pursued forward. Can you talk about any project has been canceled or postponed and how you view on that factor at this point? Thank you. 
Jim Mulva: Okay. First Venezuela is obviously a -- gets a great deal of attention in the media and the finance community, I can show you it gets a lot of attention within our company ConocoPhillips. We have good assets obviously in Petrozuata, Hamaca, and the development of Corocoro. It is also the opportunity of working with other partners for gas opportunities. We continue to evaluate look at that but our posture with respect to Venezuela, obviously it's a difficult situation that we have to make sure that we are communicating and working with the Pedevesa the ministry and the Venezuelan authorities and also after certainly be looking out after interest of our company. So its difficult given discussions and negotiations to comment too much more about that other than to say that in our portfolio we really look at this point of time to Petrozuata, Hamaca, and Corocoro really is our position and I don't think you can see that are expected there is going to be significant additional investment at this point of time other than those three positions that we have in Venezuela. Now with respect to downstream investment, we will continue to go forward with our investments at Wood River and Borger as we announced as part of the joint venture within EnCana.  One of the things that are not just for the downstream, the [Vest] the joint venture within EnCana, but everything we look at upstream and downstream has been tremendous significant cost pressures on investment. So we want to make sure we slow down, we really take a good hard look to make sure that we don't try to accelerate projects that we execute them a lot of cautiousness and good prudent in terms of making sure that we get value for our investments. One thing I -- one project that I would like to talk about is the Wilhelmshaven refinery. We made the acquisition of the refinery and offset in the late part of 2005, and we said we are going to have a very substantial deep conversion project that we would start executing immediately. Well, what we found is that the escalation of the cost of the deep conversion project was far more than what we expected. So, we sensibly stopped, and we said we want -- we don't have to do this as quickly as we would like. We want to make sure that we get this right. So, we slowed this down. We are doing a lot of analysis. So, I would to say that I don't think you are going to see us approve a deep conversion project in Wilhelmshaven in 2007. On the other hand, what we are doing is we feel reasonably good that we will have a god project, but we are going to take more time, and I think that is something that's going to be more of a 2008 time period for going forward, not 2007. So, I am trying really to respond to your question. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: That's good. Jim, can I just add a follow-up on how about the Saudi Arabia joint venture refinery project, the (inaudible) refinery. Is there any change in your view about the viability of that project? 
Jim Mulva: Well, I would say with respect first to Yanbu and working in Yanbu with Saudi Aramco, we feel really good about this project. We like it. It certainly has all the issues resolved in terms of escalation and making sure we get this right. I know Saudi Aramco feels the same thing and we have make sure we take the time and we get this right. But we haven't changed our expectations in terms of what we would like to do at Yanbu with Saudi Aramco. I'll have to say though that the other opportunities in the Gulf and the Mid East really are quite challenged. And so, I'll have to say, we will have to really take a good hard look at whether we want to do something more in that regard. Cost of the projects and cost of the capacity is pressing pretty hard, and we as a company have to step back and say, no, we can't do everything. We have to prioritize what we want to do in terms of upstream and downstream. And the other thing that we want to really make sure is increase our distributions for our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase. So, we just want to make sure we are very prudent, and so we are going to be quite a bit more constrained and modest in terms of our capital spend. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. Your next question is from John Herrlin with Merrill Lynch. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Yes, hi, Jim. With $55 well, we forecast you with your assets sales to have close to $8 billion in free cash. I know you are going to talk about the buyback program later in the quarter, but if you are going to split that $8 billion, how would it be divided between common stock repurchases and debt repayment? 
Jim Mulva: Well, I think what you are going to hear from us obviously, as we said we like the discipline of increased dividends. So, we are going to take good hard look at the increase in our dividends next board meeting. Share repurchase, we've essentially given you a signal when we say we are buying $750 million in the first quarter. So, when we come out with our increased -- hopefully, increased dividends and share repurchase and announce that, what we expect to do for the reminder of the year, and we will announce that later in the first quarter, then essentially debt reduction becomes whatever it is. And so, we then look at it and say we'll, if we have a stronger environmental and oil gas prices and crack spreads, we'll pay down more debt. We don't change our share repurchase or dividends, but on the other hand, if the market environment is not as good as we expect, we don't contemplate changing a dividends obviously or share repurchase. So, debt reduction becomes a swing factor, but if the marketplace for one reason or other becomes even stronger than we would expect, then I think what you are going to see is, we would ramp up share repurchase. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. One other follow-up for me. You ended 2005 with about 26% of your proven reserve base PUDs. Your peer groups are more like 40. You addressed some of the reserve changes like Kashagan, but do you think that your company gets penalized for actually having one of the lower PUD camps in the industry? 
Jim Mulva: Well, I don't know. John, do you want to say anything on that? 
John Carrig: Well, we recognize we have the percentages that you mentioned and I don't know the figures of the others exactly, but in the order of magnitude we agree with what you say and we think that in order to -- for us to mature those potential PUDs that it requires some work that we need to focus some effort on and our E&P folks are in fact have that in hand. We don't think it's a reflection of our resource base as such, but it's -- there is additional intensive -- manpower intensive work to make those PUDs -- to bring those PUDs to fruition if we-- 
Jim Mulva: Well, that's the reason why we spend the money that we do. We also think that we have a strong resource base that gives us the opportunity to do it. And may be in the eyes of many is a mature area, but it does give us the opportunity to capture resources, and it's one of the reasons when we go through our meeting in March 14th, why we spend the money that we do, so that we could capture these resources and create value for the shareholders, and we intend to really cover that in quite a bit of detail on March 14th. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Leggate with Citigroup. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Good morning guys. Two questions if I could, the first one is numerical, it's related to the DD&A and the upstream. I think last quarter, you had given us some guidance that I have stepped up, but this quarter in the U.S. is used to come down quite a bit again. So I wonder if you could maybe just comment on that. My second question is more I guess strategic and can it relates to or how you discuss in terms of the five-year is their replacement, I guess you slowdown your investment in Venezuela. And I guess John's question about the free cash flow, are you happy with the portfolio of debt that you have right now and do you think that perhaps there is further acquisitions down the pipe that maybe you need to try and bolster the outlook going forward? 
Jim Mulva: Well John Carrig will cover and Gary, DD&A. In term we were never satisfied with our portfolio, we always want to have more acreage. We want to have more drillable prospects. But we do like our portfolio, we do think we have quite a bit of opportunity but we always like to be doing more than what we have. In terms of acquisitions, I thought I was pretty clear on that, we have made a very substantial acquisition in Burlington Resources earlier in 2006. I think the market environment, availability of the cost whatever I don't see acquisitions we may buy something for $500 million or $1 billion or $2 billion if it's a right opportunity it's a right kind of asset. And I don't think for cost and everything else find availability or whatever reason, cost particularly everything. I just don't think those opportunities are there. So we are very focused on our organic capital spend of $13.5 billion and ramping up our distributions in terms of dividends and share repurchase, we are getting our debt down some, but not quite as aggressively as we did in 2006, so I don't see the prospect for our acquisitions. 
Gary Russell: In terms of the DD&A what we saw is we continue to push down the purchase price to the asset base further down into the asset base and just as it were not been in the third quarter it did come down somewhat in the fourth quarter, so our view is that it's probably best to take the three quarters annualize it down to get a more reasonable rate for 2006 in terms of DD&A. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: That's great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question is from Gene Gillespie with Howard Weil. 
Gene Gillespie - Howard Weil: Jim you talked around this a little or referred to in any way in several of your comments with, it was somewhat interesting and a little bit alarming to me to look at the return on capital numbers, 13% annualized and for the fourth quarter and 17% for the year and this was an industry question more than anything on industry observation and I am using you as an example because this is your call. But looking at similar numbers and assuming that the peer group is in that 17-18-19 between 20% range. $66 oil price environment that compares to about 17% average for the same group in 2003 in the $31 oil price environment. That suggests to me that there is a tremendous amount of cost escalation on the margin and I know that you are dealing with that with your capital program, capital reallocation program, but am I missing something here or is that correct? 
Jim Mulva: No, I don't think you have missed in anything Gene. Situation is frankly speaking increased price in terms of oil price and whatever is not necessarily a friend of the industry, because it leads to cost escalation just as you pointed out an increase it goes to fiscal take as well. And so essentially for the reasons of cost escalation and fiscal take the increase is a price assigned no, it's not dollar for dollar. Essentially for one reason or another doesn't come through in terms of return on capital employed. So we are faced with this increased fiscal take increased cost -- increased costs, difficulty on access in terms of getting access to new resources and so the real dilemma for the companies is if we don't have the right opportunity we got to be careful when we don't throw money at whatever the opportunity is, if it's not a good opportunity then we need to return the capital in the form of dividends and share repurchases. So I am -- you outlined the scenario I agree with you -- kind of amplified hopefully the points of how I see it confirming what your observations are. 
Gene Gillespie - Howard Weil: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Gilman with Benchmark. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Hi Jim, John, Gary, etcetera good morning. I had a couple of first specific things that if you wouldn't mind. First could you comment briefly on the performance of the Ekofisk growth project it frankly seems for a period now if it's been somewhat disappointing. Secondly, could you quantify what you are putting on the books for Burlington Resources reserves at year-end relative to what Burlington had on its books at year end '05? Thirdly, I am having trouble with the first quarter production arithmetic. It would seem to me the decline you are talking about is roughly equivalent to your expected OPEC curtailment. I don't see any allowance for a rebound from the intensive level of North Sea maintenance that adversely impacted the fourth quarter. And finally with the projects in the Middle East that you referred to in general terms regarding additional discipline is that the Abu Dhabi project? Thanks a lot. 
Jim Mulva: Okay, Mark, first on Ekofisk growth. We, the issue of Ekofisk growth, we think there is always the opportunity and we are quite really excited about Ekofisk where we have got two, three, four growth there because we know we got a great resource, a lot of oil and gas resources that are there to be developed. The issues for us as you look in this past year, we really have an operated well in the North Sea. And in that regards at both in the Norwegian side and the United Kingdom side. So I don't want the operations to impact the view with respect to what are the growth opportunities. So we are excited about and really looking at how we can go on to the growth of Ekofisk. Its technically challenging, but we can add a lot of resources by doing that, and we think we can do it and the challenge is to do it in a cost effective way, because everything that we do offshore now even in the North Sea, like around the world, we are getting pushed on cost escalation. So we want to make sure that really when we look at the Ekofisk growth, we think we are going to sort out technically that we can do accomplish the challenges of growth at Ekofisk and redevelopment of Ekofisk. I think its going to be more of a challenge on the cost side. Now in terms of the reserves the [BR] or what they had in 2005 and all I don't know John, may want to comment, but I think that really comes out in the 10-K, and people can look at the 10-K and compare to what we have, but I don't know. 
John Carrig: Right, I think we indicated in the interim. The purchases were about $2.5 billion I don't have a specific breakdown with me right now and that will be, but we can certainly address that, I just don't have it in front of me. 
Jim Mulva: Yes, and then the next thing that I would is going back to the production numbers, its more detail on that first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Now, Maybe Gary, you could call Mark and talk to him after the conference call. 
Gary Russell: Yes, I will call and give you some details, Mark. 
Jim Mulva: In terms of Abu Dhabi, your question on Abu Dhabi, well that is one of the projects that I was essentially inferring, two with respect to really challenging with respect to capital cost, where is the source of feedstock and all that. It has issues that are different from the Yanbu refinery that we're working on with Saudi Aramco. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, thanks a lot Jim. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning, gentlemen. Jim forgive me I may have missed this. I just slightly missed what you were saying. Did I hear you reiterate that on a five year rolling average, you would be replacing 100% of your reserve on an organic basis, I think you may have said that, I am just not sure? 
Jim Mulva: No. We're saying, I think on a 10 year, longer-term basis yes. But on a five year basis I think I was saying that is closer to about 65% organic, we more than replace our reserves when you bring in the business as the acquisitions. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay, I have got it. There was kind of 265 in there, what was cash against it.027-1.35 
Jim Mulva: The other thing that I will say is, on March 14, we will share with you, our plans in terms of how we see reserve replacement and all as we go out and over the next number of years. You will get that on March 14, for future years. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Right, this might be one for then, but you listed a quite impressive number of places where you can add reserves, Australia, Alaska, Norway, Canada, Russia, Qatar and China, but you didn't mention Kashagan. Does that mean these bookings is essentially internal 28-0.11 deep booking or was it just on a mission? 
Jim Mulva: No, what we are saying, first of all, what I was trying to say that my comments on Kashagan is that we have taken a more conservative view of reserves on the Phase I development of Kashagan, well by well and what we can claim reserves around the well, but we expect with more drilling, we put those reserves right back on for Phase I development. We are not singling anyway, any change of our view of what Kashagan will ultimately do. So it would be wrong for us to be giving or incurring referring any negative signals on Kashagan. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that's great. I think we could say that one of the problems of reserves replacement in '06 was the lack of final investment decision on any major project. It seems to us that the outlook over the next couple of years is also a somewhat same. Is that a fair reflection and is that the reason why we are going to the 65% number? 
John Carrig: No, I think, we will just talk more about that at March 14th but we are trying to say is, all those places where we are North America and Europe is mature, but we also the comments came up earlier we have a lot of really substantial resource and we think that we can add a lot of reserve replacement. But on the other hand we are working for the new LNG opportunities and other things around the world like Timor Sea north of Australia. We think there is opportunities to bring some new LNG projects -- so we but these are all challenging and tough to do. I won't go through all of that March 14th. The other thing I want to say about Caspian and Kashagan, we hopefully we would address Kashagan. We like Kashagan it has its technical challenge and certainly has its cost challenges. But the Caspian is an area for ConocoPhillips that we are really interested in and we are pretty aggressive trying to get more acreage, in particularly, well in the Caspian. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And just finally from me, the -- I think the vague guidance if you want, for this years disposals was around $4 billion once your program was complete and I just heard an announcement yesterday that you'd be adding, I don't know if you are adding or not a refinery in Ireland to that program, could you first confirm, I mean the right ballpark for disposal this year? And secondly, is that incremental what we are seeing through Ireland and are you adding to the program as we go on? Thanks. 
Jim Mulva: What I would say two points, I think we have said that we are going to be in the neighborhood of $3 to $4 billion and now we have got something that we try to sell or interested in selling. If we don't get the right price, we won't. If it's not tax efficient, we won't sell or look at something else. But, our guidance is still the same. No, it's not changed. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay. 
Jim Mulva: $3 to $4 billion with respect to the Whitegate Refinery, we look at everything. But, I think it's premature to be saying or formally talking about trying to sell Whitegate. It's unfortunate that it gets out like that, but we studied Whitegate. We've studied just about everything to see whether something might have value -- a lot more value to someone else and ourselves. But on the other hand, I don't also want to say we are not interested in ever parting with legacy and strategic positions. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Nikki Decker with Bear Stearns. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Yes, good morning, Jim. My question is on the -- your production in OPEC member nations. You talk about 3000 barrels of impact for the next quarter, how does that work? Have you taken that production down or will that ramp down during the quarter and is the actual production volume impact greater than that? 
Jim Mulva: Well, first of all, a few things, we've mentioned not 3000 but 30,000 in fact. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Oh 30? 
Jim Mulva: The next thing I would say is we receive very firm direction of what the production levels must be. So, when we derive this number it comes from directed designated fields in different parts of the world, so we know how we get to that number. The other thing, well, I think is very interesting about ConocoPhillips is proportionately -- I don't know, I would just say this, I think proportionately, we have a smaller amount or lower amount OPEC production compared to our total worldwide production as compared to many other companies. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Okay. Just -- I just want to clarify the OPEC impact is 30,000 barrels? 
Jim Mulva: That's right. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Has that come off already, that 30,000? 
Jim Mulva: Yes, some of its coming off now. That's right. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Okay. Great, thanks. Your exploration expense was a little higher than I think what you had been guiding to in the fourth quarter, can you talk about that? 
Jim Mulva: Well, we would like to thank -- we can't speak for other companies, but we would like to thank whenever we see something that's not materializing or meeting expectations, or we need to suspend it well. We need to write something off the acreage, not what we thought. We immediately write it off, get it behind us and move on. The other thing I would say and we'll share more with this on the March 14th day, when we talk about our total exploration spending, we need to do a better job of communication. A lot of our exploration spending has to do with development, exploration, infrastructure, and where we have a - it's not just pure rank wildcat exploration. We have infrastructure where we think there is resources. We drill around in areas where we expect a high probability of adding resources. So, maybe we need to communicate better that the total exploration that we call explorations spend is not all on just pure rank wildcat where the probability of success is 10% or 20%. A lot of our money that we call exploration is appraisal drilling and it has probability of success well in excess of 50%. But we are going to share that with you when we meet with you on March 14th. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Neil McMahon with Sanford Bernstein. 
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. Just got a few questions, as a lot of being answered. The first is, really around your discussion on the CapEx and being just, sort of say, a lot more cautious about big increases and just where you are spending at, would that also apply to exploration expenditure in 2007 and 2008 given the fact that you've seen a big step up in dry hole expense? And then, I've got a few other questions as well. 
Jim Mulva: Well, obviously if we cut back our spending, we have to also look at our exploration program. How much do we want to be spending on exploration? I just kind of made some comments on that in the last question. But we also want to look at what -- do we have good drillable prospects. So, I would say that for our company, we have the portfolio that we do, but we are putting more and more emphasis on getting -- doing the study and the technical work and getting into the new acreage positions that we feel are the new frontiers that we would like to be in. So, we are putting more of our money proportionately in to doing that then to just drilling wells, if we don't feel we have the drillable prospects that we would like. And we're going to cover that with you when we meet in March 14. 
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Just a few more questions, it looks like Iraq is going to open up to foreign investments, probably sometime this year if they pass their new oil law within the next month or so. Have you through LUKOIL got any idea if you are still going to be able to have old Sudan year at contracts that were awarded to LUKOIL is still maintained under the new law or do you think they are going to scrap those contracts? 
Jim Mulva: Well, first we don't know the answer to that. But we are working very closely with LUKOIL because we think that, that contract should be confirmed. So, we work through the critical process of Iraq, we invest and hopefully support of respective countries from which we come from. So, we certainly are not giving up, we are working hard to get the West Qurna contract with LUKOIL. We also look on our own ConocoPhillips, what can we be doing with the Iraqi Ministry and the opportunities like the other international oil companies to participate in Iraq. So, we feel that we have good relationships working on but obviously, we got to get the framework, how you make investments sorted out, the new investment. Other than the West Qurna contract with the Iraqis and then we also have to make sure that we have security because we certainly at this point in time don't want to have our employees or contractors in Iraq until the security situation sorts out. 
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: And just last really quick one, it seems a bit strange given the fact that with Kashagan, in terms of the money that is getting spent on this field, the operators quite keen to suggest that they are progressing in terms of developing the field and your de-booking reserves. Does this sort of suggest to me that it looks like the startup time on the field is probably looking more like 20, 10 than earlier, if you feel that you are not quite there, what's the reserves, would that be a fair assessment? 
John Carrig: Now, there is two points I do want to make, Neil first of all when we talk about de-booking some reserves that's very unique to ConocoPhillips has nothing to do with Kashagan, the attribute to Kashagan what it is and what it will become. We have taken a more literal conservative view of only recognizing reserves that drawn in a very tight radius around wells that are already drilled. We know that the reserves that note this is a ConocoPhillips change that we did, we expect those reserves with more drilling and oil and production did come right back on the books. In terms of Kashagan, obviously, its challenge, its challenge technically and it's certainly being challenge on the cost side. Its been frustrating in terms of how long it has taken us and the cost of Kashagan is very frustrating to all of the participants in terms of what the schedule is and that's something that I think you may need to address this, as operator. And it would be not appropriate really for us to become meaning outside at what the operator would be saying. 
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great. Let's hope [B&I] for once tells us something about the schedule later on this month. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Barcelo with Banc of America. 
Dan Barcelo - Banc of America: Yes, good afternoon. A quick downstream question, in light of the stated the union initiatives yesterday, I note your comment on Conoco's ability to basically as they handle some of the logistics associated potentially with the use of more alternatives maybe short-term and long-term? Also related to that any concerns with ethanol production increasing late '07 into '08 in terms of pressures on gasoline. And my second question just wanted to see if I can get an update on Burlington Resources just in general kind of a year-end update, integration, employees any potential that you have been exceeding the $500 million synergy expectations that you set out earlier in this year. Thank you. 
Jim Mulva: Okay, first I will cover the Burlington transaction it's gone in many respect very smoothly in terms of what we expect our synergy capture will be. In terms of production we try to address that in terms of our media release production essentially where we though it was in right end of fair way of what the old Burlington indicated production would be for 2007. So we tried hopefully we have given the information as its gone pretty much like we thought production-wise and synergy-wise. One of the challenges though is retention of employees and so we haven't retained as many as we would have liked but we do a lot of work on this and this doesn't change in any way our capability to capture the optionality of the resource that's there that has not yet been developed, so strategic and long-term plans haven't changed. So hopefully the spread as the synergy capture is going to be there we haven't retained as many employees as we would have liked.  Now in terms of President State of the Union speech last night I listened to it, obviously within the industry within the American Petroleum Institute we are talking about all these things, a lot of new changes. The industry has always been very responsive in terms of whatever is required we take the actions to meet the new rule. On the other hand I would say we feel that technology is awfully important we are very supportive of our alternatives and renewable as a company I know the industry is of support of ethanol, but we want to make sure that we do this in a way that's cost efficient, meets the expectations of the consumers. We also want to make sure that from an environmental point of view that we are making fuels that do meet the expectations, cost wise, they work well, we also want to want make sure that we meet in the new requirements of the emissions. And so we think that use of technology and doing this in the right way, we are very supportive of it. In fact we came out a couple of weeks ago, very supportive and working with the governor Schwarzenegger's plans where what he would like to be doing on transportation fuels and the environment out in California.  We think this is quite interesting and we know also is a way of another way for considering of how to provide transportation fuels and a lot of time what has turned out California becomes a model for other states and may be for the entire country. So, we know the bottom line is. We just need to be working with The House, The Senate, The Congress, The Administration and the industry in our country is very open to making sure that we are working at all the alternatives renewable, pushing this in the right way, being very aggressive on the environment and we also need to a great job on conservation, far more than we had done before in terms of conserving more efficient use of energy and I can say as a company, we really are supportive of new [CAF-A] standards for transportation fuels leads to more efficient use of energy. 
Dan Barcelo - Banc of America: Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will close our question and answer session. I will turn the call back to management for closing remarks. 
Gary Russell: Well thanks. We do appreciate you joining us on the conference call today and I would like to remind you that you can find the slide presentation and other materials that we went through this morning on our web page at www.conocophillips.com, and you will be able to view the transcript of this call as well. So, again, we thank you for participating, and we wish you good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This does conclude the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a good day. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-26 17:45:00) =====
Executives: Gary Russell - GM of IR  Jim Mulva - Chairman, CEO  John Carrig - EVP of Finance, CFO 
Analysts: Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs  Jennifer Rowland – JP Morgan  John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch  Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns  Michael Young - Fidelity Investments  Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley  Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein  Doug Leggate - Citigroup  Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank  Dan Barcelo - Banc of America Securities  Gene Gillespie - Howard Weil  Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Co.  Gene Pisasale - Mercantile Trust  Jacques Rousseau - Friedman Billings Ramsey 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Gary Russell:  Thanks, Jen. Good morning and welcome to ConocoPhillips second quarter earnings conference call. I'm joined today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; as well as John Carrig, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.  The presentation material that we will use today will help us explain the financial and operating performance of our Company during the second quarter of this year. You can find this presentation on our website, www.ConocoPhillips.com. On page 2 you will find our Safe Harbor statement. This statement among other things says that our presentation today, along with responses to your questions, will include forward-looking statements about our current expectations. Our actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. You can find a list of the items that may cause material differences between our current expectations and what actual results will be can be found on our filings with the SEC. So now I'll turn the call over to Jim Mulva.
Jim Mulva: Gary, thank you. I appreciate all those who have called in for our second quarter earnings conference call. I appreciate your interest in our Company. I'm going to start with my comments on page 3. Looking at page 3 or slide 3 you can see we generated $5.2 billion in net income, $4.8 billion in cash flow from operations.  We continued to fund our capital program and other investments in the second quarter and through the first half of the year. So far this year we've affectively reinvested 97% of our income back into our businesses. In addition, we were able to reduce our debt level to $29.5 billion from $32.2 billion as we started the second quarter, so our debt to cap ratio has gone from 30% to 27%. We're pleased with the progress we've made integrating the Burlington Resources operations into our portfolio. As such our second quarter results include the full impact of the Burlington Resource assets for the second quarter.  Now looking at the second quarter of 2006 our E&P production, which excludes the LUKOIL segment, was 2.13 million BOE a day, which is higher than the previous quarter as we expected. I'm going to cover more about production in some subsequent slides. Our estimate share of LUKOIL's production for the quarter was 403,000 BOE per day. In refining marketing, our refineries ran at 91% of crude processing capacity, that's up 6% from the prior quarter. We have a subsequent slide on ROCE which is competitive; we'll discuss ROCE a little bit later in the presentation. So I'm going to move now to page 4. This slide shows a sequential quarterly comparison of our net income. A major contributor to the variance between the prior quarter and this quarter is the inclusion of Burlington Resources in the second quarter. Our worldwide realized oil prices and refining margin were higher than the first quarter. However, worldwide realized natural gas prices, along with olefins and polyolefin margins were lower than in the first quarter.  The net effect of all of this along with some other market impacts increased our second quarter net income by about $1.2 billion compared to the first quarter. Second quarter net income was positively impacted by about $1.3 billion. This is a result of higher E&P sales volumes, higher volumes in our downstream segment. I'm going to talk more about this in subsequent slides.  In addition, the net impact of recent changes in tax legislation in Canada and Texas, they were positive. In Venezuela the tax legislation change is negative. The net effect of all this though improved our second quarter earnings by $376 million. Sequentially, we had higher DD&A and that reduced earnings by about $523 million. Our operating costs were higher by $287 million compared to the previous quarter. I'll talk more about this in subsequent slides.  Last, our financing costs were higher as a result of the Burlington acquisition and there were some other minor items that basically offset each other. So the result is, as you can see on the right hand of the slide, net income was approximately $5.2 billion. Now I'm moving on to page 5, total company cash flow. You see we started the quarter with a cash balance of about $3 billion and then we generated $4.8 billion in cash from operations. Our capital spending and investments amounted to $3.6 billion in the quarter. This included the acquisition of 1% of LUKOIL's outstanding stock, and that cost us about $648 million. We paid out $595 million in dividends and then we reduced debt by $2.7 billion.  Also, we purchased 6.7 million shares of ConocoPhillips stock in the second quarter at a cost of $425 million. We're on target for completing the $1 billion share buyback program for this year.  So after considering the other sources of cash flow we ended the quarter with about $650 million of cash. Moving on to slide 6, which is the capital structure of the Company. Looking at slide 6 you can see we made good progress improving our debt ratio. If you look at the chart on the left you can see equity grew to $79 billion in the second quarter. The balance sheet debt you can see in the middle of the slide is $29.5 billion, so the debt ratio has come from 30% down to 27% at the end of the second quarter. I'm moving now to E&P, exploration and production on page 7. Our worldwide realized oil prices for the quarter were $64.34 a barrel. That's 14% higher than the previous quarter which was $56.63 a barrel. Global realized natural gas prices for the second quarter was $5.85 per MCF, 19% more than the first quarter which was $7.24 per MCF.  Our E&P production in the second quarter was up 32.5% mainly due to the addition of the Burlington Resources assets production, and that would be in crude oil [OFBs]. Furthermore, our exploration expenses were $134 million in the second quarter, $22 million higher than the previous quarter but it's somewhat lower than we expected. Moving on to page 8, total company production. You can see on this slide that just illustrates the sequential variance for the second quarter production compared to last quarter. We saw higher BOE output largely due to adding the Burlington Resources assets and then the initial [olefins] that we talked about.  We also saw higher production from the ramp up of production in the North Sea and all this increased production that we talked about here in this slide was partially offset by planned maintenance in the United Kingdom and then the impact that the higher crude prices have in terms of our production sharing contract production in Vietnam. There were some other negative impacts to our production in the second quarter which included the seasonal declines that we experienced in Alaska and then the unplanned downtime that we have not only in Alaska but the lower 48 and at Hamaca.  When you add 403,000 BOE a day, which is the estimate of the equity share of LUKOIL's production, then all in, the second quarter our production was 2,537,000. Now I'm moving on to net income of E&P, page 9. In the second quarter our E&P net income was $3.3 billion. That's about $750 million more than the previous quarter. Our first quarter results were improved $76 million over the previous quarter mainly due to higher realized crude prices partially offset by lower realized natural gas prices.  Burlington Resources' assets contributed $385 million to E&P segment earnings in the second quarter. If you exclude Burlington Resources, sales volumes were lower mainly due to the timing of the liftings. This reduced our quarter-over-quarter earnings by about $19 million. The net impact of recent changes in tax legislation in Canada and Texas which were positive, negative in Venezuela, but the net effect improved our second quarter earnings by $363 million. Then there are some other factors that reduced our second quarter E&P net income as compared to the previous quarter and it included some higher impacts from foreign exchange, and then we wrote off a small amount of the investment we had in the Compass Port LNG facility. Now I'm moving on to refining and marketing on page 10. You can see our worldwide refining margins were quite a bit higher than the previous quarter. In fact, in the second quarter our realized crack spread improved $7.05 a barrel to $17.23 a barrel and our international realized crack spread improved by $2.34 a barrel to $7.64 a barrel. Our U.S. refining system ran at 91% of stated capacity. That's up from the 83% that we had in the first quarter. All of this is a result of some pretty heavy turnaround activity and unplanned downtime in the first quarter as well as in the middle part of April, we turned the Alliance refinery back to normal operations.  International refining system ran at 94% of stated capacity which is the same as the first quarter. We're going to discuss turnaround activity and unplanned downtime in another slide.  Our turnaround expenses amounted to $115 million pre-tax for the quarter and that's about $48 million lower than the prior quarter. I'm moving on to page 11, net income. As you can see, our net income was quite a bit higher than the previous quarter, up by $1.3 billion. So we had significantly higher worldwide crack spreads and marketing margins along with other market impacts. So it improved our second quarter by about $1.1 billion.  Higher volumes improved our earnings $160 million. Several of our refineries which were down in the first quarter for extensive turnaround activity and unplanned downtime returned to normal operations in the second quarter. As I said earlier, our Alliance refinery returned to normal operations in the middle part of April. However, this benefit was partially offset by extended full plant turnaround at the Trainer refinery and then we had unplanned downtime at the Lake Charles and the Humber refineries. So the result was our worldwide crude oil utilization was 91%.  The impact of recent changes in tax legislation in Texas helped our second quarter earnings by $34 million. There are some other factors that improved second quarter downstream net income as compared to the previous quarter and it included the lower impacts from foreign exchange partially offset by higher DD&A as a result of having the Wilhelmshaven refineries for a full quarter. Now I'm going to give you some numbers that reflect just what we did in the second quarter by the components of the downstream part of the Company. It is not in a slide, but you might want to jot these numbers down. In the second quarter refining in the United States our net income was $1.484 billion. Our international refining net income was $267 million, so in refining around the world we earned $1.751 billion in the second quarter. Now in marketing in the United States we lost $76 million. In international we earned $17 million. So marketing around the world was a loss of $59 million. But when you add up not only refining and marketing worldwide, but then we have some expenses that held at the corporate part of the downstream part of the business and we have specialty; all-in, everything was $1.708 billion but I wanted to give you the numbers on refining and marketing to help you better understand the components of our downstream earnings in the second quarter. Now I'm moving on to page 12. We increased our equity ownership in LUKOIL by 1%, we're now up to 18% at the end of June. So as a result our average ownership in the second quarter was 17.5%. So our estimated equity earnings for the second quarter from LUKOIL was about $387 million and that's up from the $249 million in the first quarter.  This increase is mainly attributed to the benefit from the alignment of our estimates in the fourth quarter of '05 and the first quarter '06 and also to LUKOIL's publicly released results for this time period, but to this true up. Also contributing to the increase was the higher ownership that we had from quarter-to-quarter and our higher estimated sales volumes and higher crude oil prices. So all this contributed to stronger performance from the LUKOIL segment. Now moving on to slide 13 where we talk about our joint ventures in the midstream and chemicals. Our earnings from the midstream business were $108 million in the second quarter, pretty flat with the first quarter. In our chemicals JV our earnings were $103 million, $46 million lower than the first quarter and mainly due to the lower margins that we experienced in the second quarter from olefins and polyolefins. Now with respect to the emerging businesses, the results were $20 million lower than the first quarter mainly due to a write-off of a failed gas turbine at our Sabine River Works cogeneration facility. If we didn't have that, obviously the results would have been much better in the second quarter. Now I'm moving on to page 14 where we take a look at corporate sequentially. The corporate segment impact on net income was a loss of $412 million in the second quarter, and that's $244 million higher than in the first quarter. This is about $50 million higher than the quarterly run rate in the guidance we gave in our first quarter conference call. The difference is primarily one-time transition items and the impact of foreign exchange. Subsequent quarters are expected to be back in line with our previous guidance. The previous guidance and what we're giving now is about $360 million a quarter. Now going back and looking at the second quarter on this slide, the net interest expense was $166 million higher than the previous quarter and it's due to the higher average debt balance resulting from the purchase of Burlington Resources.  Furthermore, the Burlington Resources transition costs were $34 million higher than the previous quarter. We had some other factors that impact second quarter results and it generally relates to the impacts of foreign exchange and tax. Now I'm moving on to slide 15, return on capital employed. What this chart shows, first, the green bar is our ROCE for ConocoPhillips, and the shaded area is the ROCE as the numbers are available for the peer group. When we looked to the peer group we look at the largest publicly traded international oil companies: Exxon Mobil, BP, Shell, [Patel] and Chevron. So the bar chart reflects our return with no adjustments for purchase accounting. What we've done is we made adjustments. For our estimate of the pooling benefit that some of this peer group received from past major combinations in determining their ROCE which is shown in the shaded area. So you can see the adjustments that we made we've included in the attachment on table 1. So you can take a look at that. So as you can see on the right bar, our analyzed ROCE for the second quarter of '06 was 19%. This includes the full effect of the Burlington Resources transaction. The breakdown to 19% a little bit more. Including the Burlington transaction E&P was about 16% ROCE. This was all on purchase accounting. Refining marketing was 32%, midstream chemicals was 26, LUKOIL was 22% and the blended is 19%. At the First Call pricing for the last half of 2006, along with the second quarter actual results, the Burlington Resources dilution is approximately 6%. Now that's higher than we indicated in the first quarter due to the lower natural gas prices in the second quarter.  The dilution is higher by about 1% from what we thought when we went forward with the transaction. If you use current First Call pricing weighted on Burlington Resources' balance between oil and gas, remember about 30% of Burlington Resources are oil and 70% is about gas. The MCF equivalent has not materially changed from when we announced the acquisition in December 2005. These numbers are not available, but let me go through it because I think it's important to understand. The First Call pricing for oil when we did the transaction announcement December 9, 2005 for all of 2006 was a price of $57.50. The current First Call oil price for what we've experienced this part of the year and for the remainder of this year is $65.68.  Now if we go to the First Call gas price back on December 9, 2005, the First Call gas price was $8.52 an MCF. Currently, if you look at what's happened in the first two quarters of this year and the First Call for the third and fourth quarters, that First Call then is $7.49 an MCF. I’ll make a point here, back at December 9, 2005 the First Call Gulf Coast crack spread assumption was $8.50 a barrel. Currently for all of this year of '06 the First Call Gulf Coast crack spread is $11.71 a barrel.  Now if you convert the oil production of Burlington Resources back to an MCF equivalent and at December 9, 2005 the view was the First Call an MCF equivalent to Burlington Resources' production was $8.85 an MCF. If you take what's taken place the first six months of this year and First Call's view of oil and gas for the third and fourth quarters, then the equivalent for all of '06 is $8.56 an MCF. What we're trying to say is that when we did the transaction and announced the transaction back in December we said we assumed that the MCF equivalent would be for '06 was $8.50 for '06 for Burlington production and $7.50 for '07 and $7 in '08. Well, what you can see is on an MCF equivalent it's pretty much what we thought for different reasons in '06. Obviously gas price is lower, oil price is higher.  The reason we get the 6% analyzed dilution on earnings is because the gas production has more profitability than the oil production at Burlington Resources. But more importantly, you can see we get the dilution impact by more shares outstanding because the downstream is quite a bit stronger. So what we're trying to say is the dilution on income is about 1% higher than we thought when we announced the transaction.  Now with respect to the accretion on cash for the year using these assumptions and actual for the first six months of the year, we see the cash accretion for this transaction about 2%. That's about 1% lower than we thought for '06. Now the net income breakeven for the Burlington production on an equivalent basis, as we shared with you in prior conference calls is about $4 an MCF. So that's why we wanted to provide you our assessment and views of the Burlington transaction after the end of the first quarter and how we see it going forward for the remainder of the year. Now I'm going to go to slide number 16 which is our outlook. Obviously we're continuing the integration of Burlington Resources operations into ConocoPhillips' global portfolio. We're pleased with the progress to-date. Another point, in July the United Kingdom enacted higher income taxes retroactive to the beginning of the year. In addition to the ongoing impact of this rate change, we anticipate a one-time third-quarter charge of about $400 million which includes approximately $125 million related to the Company's operations for the first six months of '06. So we want you to factor that into your assessments and projections going forward for the third and fourth quarter. Our recently announced asset rationalization program is progressing. We expect to finalize a listing of the assets to be sold and then begin active marketing of them in the third quarter. As we said, this program would be done over the third and fourth quarters of this year and then over into 2007.  Now although we expect this repositioning of the assets to result in an overall gain over this 18-month time period, it's reasonably likely we will record an impairment in our third quarter '06 financial statements as we change the financial reporting status of these assets from continuing operations to assets held for sale. Like we always do and continue to do as a Company, we pursue a number of additional business development opportunities, a few of which I'd like to just mention before I close and we go to your questions.  We recently signed an agreement with Saudi Aramco to do a very detailed evaluation and then as we plan going forward with the development of a 400,000 barrel a day full conversion refinery at Yanbu, Saudi Arabia. In addition, we recently signed an agreement with an international petroleum investment company known as IPIC in Abu Dhabi to study the development of a 500,000 barrel a day refinery at Fujairah, United Arab Emirates. Both of these benches fit very well with our basic overall strategy to invest in projects that expand our global refining presence supported by our commercial activities and help and support what we do in the upstream as well. This helps us grow our portfolios around the world. A second agreement was also signed with IPIC which allows us to work together in identifying not only downstream, but also some upstream opportunities that we can be working together.  So this really concludes what opening comments that I had. And so I think we're now ready, Gary, to move to questions. 
Gary Russell:  Jen, I think we're ready for some questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs.
 Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Jim, my question was on how we might think about the long-term return potential from the potentially two new refineries in Saudi Arabia and UAE? I guess I clearly appreciate high margins; they are signaling the need for new refining investments.  The question is in all of our modeling, you spend a lot of capital for a number of years and then you need high margins to last for many, many years into the future. It seems like in looking back at the very long-term history of this business when people have built the new refineries and then ultimately there's some period of lower margins, what might it be about these refineries that reduces the risk at some point out in the future that is so far out we can't forecast today, but that you won't sort of get stuck with investments that were built in a high-price environment, and then the returns don't look so good in a low-priced environment?
Jim Mulva: Thanks. Good question. When we develop these projects we obviously don't assume the crack spreads that we see today. We assume crack spreads that are more closer to historic margins but somewhat higher. Furthermore, the commercial arrangements that we have in place will certainly adjust the margins.  In other words, we look at the cost of feedstock such that we see both in good and not so good times in terms of margins that we realize an expected rate of return over the cycle of higher margins and lower margins. So we build in commercial arrangements with our partners to do this. Furthermore, I think another thing is we will not have full ownership. We'll have partial ownership in these refineries and we also expect to use some degree of financial leverage in a way that does not come back in terms of recourse to the Company. So a few points: First, it's going to be more on historic margins, not looking at just the margins we see today. Commercially they were structured in a way that realizes acceptable returns in good and not so good times. Then we will also use some leverage, but when we look at our returns it's on an unlevered basis before in making our decision to go forward.
 Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs:  That's very helpful. If I can just follow-up there. I appreciate the term commercial arrangements with partners is probably sensitive and you may not care to elaborate. When I think of the E&P business, you have these production sharing contracts which often affectively allow some sort of minimum return with some sort of maximum return.  Is that effectively what one might think of here for a new build refinery internationally versus here in the U.S. where you're just going to have the margin exposure relative to the capital that's spent?
Jim Mulva:  I think what we're certainly look at that and I really shouldn't be getting into it too far, because it's not that well-developed on commercial arrangements we obviously are looking at acceptable returns in a low margin environment. But we certainly don't expect to be seeing caps on the upper side.
 Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs:  That is very helpful. I'll stop there. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jennifer Rowland – JP Morgan.
Jennifer Rowland - JP Morgan:  Another question actually on refining. Do you have any preliminary cost estimates or startup for the refinery in the UAE? Secondly, what is your appetite for additional refinery deals?  The reason why I say that is you seem to have a lot on your plate with the Saudi and now the UAE refinery, also the big upgrade project at the Wilhelmshaven refinery; and then of course what you're doing in the U.S. So it seems like you have a lot going on. I just wonder if you can comment as far as the appetite for doing anything else on the refining side?
Jim Mulva:  Thank you. You make a good point. We have a lot that we're doing not only in the clean fuels but increasing our capability to handling heavy oil in the United States whether it comes from Canada or it's imported from other sources. So we've got a lot on our plate in the United States.  As you say, we have the deep conversion project at Wilhelmshaven, we're looking at a grassroots refinery that we're very interested and excited about in the Middle East. So we have a lot on our plate. We look at things that might be available for acquisition. But frankly, just by the decisions and what we've announced, you can see where our direction is headed more to increasing our capability in what we have and adding to new grassroots refineries in the Middle East, deep conversion at Wilhelmshaven.  I think we're also interested in something that could help us augment our portfolio potentially in Asia, but I think your question is spot on. I think it's somewhat unlikely that we would be looking; we'll look always, but given the cost it's unlikely we'll be making refinery acquisitions.
Jennifer Rowland - JP Morgan: On the UAE refinery, anything you can provide as far as preliminary costs or start-up dates?
Jim Mulva: No. We're very early in the feasibility side of Abu Dhabi which is actually coming behind where we are in the study and the technical work that's been done on the Yanbu refinery with Saudi Aramco. We're quite a bit further along on the project with Saudi Aramco.
Jennifer Rowland - JP Morgan:  What's the status of the Wood River refinery after the damage it incurred last week or the week before? Is that almost back to normal operations or is it going to be off-line for a while further?
Jim Mulva: In terms of startup, we expect by this time sometime next week it will be back to full capacity, full operation.
Jennifer Rowland - JP Morgan:  Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Some unrelated ones. You had a lot of turnaround expenses and time in the U.S. Given the extensive nature of the turnarounds, going forward will the turnarounds be shorter and less expensive?
Jim Mulva:  Well, a generic response, not necessarily unique to each refinery, but a generic response. We've had a lot of turnarounds, not only because we have turnarounds, but also we had to introduce new equipment and changes to meet clean fuels requirements. So that led to more costly and longer time periods for turnaround to meet these new requirements.  Hopefully obviously one of the things that is moving towards operating excellence is we'd like to extend the duration and shorten the time period and when we do turnaround shorten the time period of cost, but extend the duration from one period of time for a refinery or unit when we do a major turnaround. So I think we've been pretty good in terms of telling you ahead of time what our turnaround expenses are for the remainder of the year. Maybe if John Carrig has that, he can update you on the third and fourth quarter.
John Carrig:  We indicated on the first quarter call that we expected full-year turnaround estimates for 2006 to be $385 million to $390 million, around that neighborhood and we still expect that. Of course the bulk of these costs, about $285 million have been incurred in the first half of the year. So we have a much lighter planned turnaround schedule for the third and fourth quarter.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Great. Upstream regarding the asset sales, can you give us a ballpark on potential volume exposure?
Jim Mulva:  We really don't have that available. I don't have that immediately available. I think the other important point we would want to say is we're looking at selling, in total, several billion dollars of assets upstream and downstream. If we don't get the right price it won't be sold. So I think we can give you a much matter update on that on the third quarter conference call in about three months.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Regarding the corporate Burlington transaction cost, was that pretty much retention and is that the end of those kinds of transition costs?
John Carrig: Those were costs related to retention as well as some exploration-type costs that were in the nature of one-time costs. We have some transition costs that we indicated that we would expect to have, but to get back to the run rate of the 360 we wouldn't expect these one-time costs to continue.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Last one for me is on North American natural gas. Mr. Mulva mentioned that prices were weaker in the second quarter, they've been getting stronger. You've got a bigger marketing presence now in North America. So what are you seeing on the demand-side?
Jim Mulva: I guess from our point of view our production is not impacted necessarily by demand. We are finding a lot of competition in terms of having certainly always the workforce to do all the work that we plan to do; and weather impacts that as well. But I don't think we're finding it an issue with respect to the ability to sell the gas, since the issue is with the price.
John Carrig:  Right, and the storage overhang. So there's no new issues out there that we see and the demand is dominated by weather.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: I was just wondering if maybe you were seeing some industrial load increase, that's all. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns.
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Good morning. I was wondering if you could help me with your 2006 CapEx guidance? I think you made mention in the press release of a spending level of about $18 billion. I had you down for $17 billion post Burlington Resources. So does that reflect an increase in your CapEx guidance?
Jim Mulva:  No, we still are saying CapEx plus getting to 20% ownership in LUKOIL we're going to spend $18 billion, and we haven't changed that at all. You can look at the first six months of the year and you could argue, well, maybe we won't spend all $18 billion, but we've got a lot of ramp up on projects. So at this point in time, we could say in the third quarter as we go to the latter part of the year we'll certainly update on the numbers, but it's still $18 billion.
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Some of your competitors have mentioned inflationary pressures. It sounds like you have some wiggle room in your budget for inflation.
Jim Mulva: I thought your question was going to be are we experiencing some pretty severe and strong inflation and cost pressure. Yes, we are seeing it in just about every part of our business. So I don't think there's any wiggle room in that regard. The onus and the difficulty is how do we manage our cost structure? We're no different than the other companies in the industry. We are experiencing and it's a difficult subject; how do we manage the escalation in cost pressures? It's not only operating expenses, it's also certainly in our capital spending programs.
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Just on another topic; I think you ended the first quarter with an under lip position in Libya and you had expected that to be reversed, at least in part, in the second quarter. Could you just talk about the status of that?
Jim Mulva:  I think a lot of it has been reversed in the second quarter, we may have a little bit more to go, but we're certainly not in the same position we were at the end of the first quarter. Gary, do you have anything more on that?
Gary Russell:  Yes. I would tell you we're still probably on track to complete the recapturing of that under lip through the end of this year. We did capture some in the second quarter, you can see some in the numbers. The production number for Libya was 74. You would have expected it to be somewhere around 45, so you can see the effect of that capture. But there's more to come and it probably will take us through the end of the year to get that.
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Michael Young - Fidelity Investments.
Michael Young - Fidelity Investments:  Jim, good morning. Great quarter. I wanted to ask, can you give us an update on your latest contacts with the Venezuelan and Mr. Chavez in particular? I believe that you were planning to meet with him sometime in the May/June time period. I was just wondering if that meeting ever did take place.
Jim Mulva: I have not met. Our people have been to Caracas; several of our meetings have been postponed and so we look forward to those coming here over the next month or two. But our people in exploration and production have been meeting and working with the ministry people in [Pedivasa] and so that has been ongoing.  But in terms of anything new to say with respect to its impact and some of the things we read about it in the media regarding royalty, taxation, impact on operations and Petrozuata and Hamaca, there's really nothing new to report.
Michael Young - Fidelity Investments:  Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, guys, and congratulations on your record results. In exploration, specifically in Alaska, you guys have a fairly dominant position and it seems like you may have had another success up there.  On this point I wanted to see if there were any elaborations you could provide at this time on the magnitude of the recent discovery near Alpine. Also a little bit of an update on the next steps for that program both in terms of exploration and development activity over the next year or so?
Jim Mulva:  Doug, thanks for your comments about the performance of the Company. Actually I don't have anything more to add with respect to what we've been doing up in Alaska. I think if I just step back on our total exploration program, everything that we've done in the old ConocoPhillips we continue to do as our program in terms of our spend.  Now obviously we have more with respect to the Burlington transaction that we will be doing until the program has expanded. But in terms of announcing or saying something about the success of the program or what we're doing in Alaska and other places, unless it's already disclosed I don't think I really have anything more to say.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley:  Okay. Let me just ask you one more question about the proposed new plants in the Middle East. As you mentioned a few minutes ago, Jim, the Saudi project is more advanced than the one in the Emirates by a year or so. Could you elaborate on what you guys might have learned over the past year or so regarding the changing capital requirement to construct new refineries in the world today?  You talked about some of the obvious competitive advantages that those plants will have, but there has been kind of a wide range of capital investment requirements that have been tossed around. So could you talk about how that expectation may have changed over the past year or so if you have any updated numbers?
Jim Mulva:  Well, I don't have updated numbers. Obviously our people are working hard on the numbers. What's awfully important is the capital investment. And there's so much that's being done in the Middle East, not only in the downstream but certainly in the upstream in LNG in [Goiter] and other places that what we are seeing is anything you do, not only in the Middle East but around the world, the cost has gone up dramatically. So we have to really be good stewards of capital and watch this very carefully and have a good idea of what is the cost going to be for a larger refinery or an LNG train or ships or whatever. It's quite a factor as we look at the Saudi Aramco project at Yanbu and Fujairah with IPIC in the Emirates.  So I don't really have anything more to say other than we'll put in a lot of contingency and escalation when we look at what the ultimate capital cost of these projects will be.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley:  Sure, okay, great. Thanks again and congratulations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. First of all, when you look at your margins per barrel in the upstream in the second quarter versus the first quarter, they were negatively impacted and it seems largely from much higher DD&A per barrel cost. It looks like in the U.S. with the Burlington acquisition your depreciation per barrel went up 43%.  I'm just wondering what impact you foresee your future divestments having on depreciation per barrel, to see if you can drag it back down from the $9.50 per barrel number it is today? Then I've got a follow-up question as well.
John Carrig:  Well, Neil, the divestment program across the board would be both upstream and downstream assets. They're going to tend to be late life assets. But I wouldn't expect to move the needle in a material way in terms of the total Company's DD&A per barrel.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. The second question is, and I know it's a relatively minor amount, it looks like it's $25 million in asset impairments in the second quarter which basically hadn't been there for the whole of 2005. So I'm just wondering if that was associated with the Burlington acquisition.  I wonder, as you've spent more time with these assets, now having a full quarter under your belt and with the persistent low natural gas prices, if there's any greater risk of taking more substantial asset impairments or write-offs associated with goodwill as you go through the year, if there's going to be any ceiling test?
John Carrig:  Well, two points. First, the $25 million or so that we indicated was a property impairment was related to the SRW, the Sabine River Works cogen facility, a turbine there that failed that we talked about earlier during Jim's remarks on the call. As a successful efforts accounting company, we don't have a ceiling test for our accounting for our oil and gas assets. As we indicated earlier in Jim's remarks, the asset disposition program we do expect gains overall, but in the third quarter as we changed the status of assets from income from continuing operations assets to assets held for sale, you recognize the losses first. We would expect to have some impairments in the third quarter related to the disposition program.  But related to the Burlington assets, we will run the test every year as we always do, and we don't foresee plans of any material write-down.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Doug Leggate - Citigroup.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup:  A couple of things from me. First of all on the asset divestments, I understand you don't want to give any specific details, but obviously the acquisition of Burlington has had you revisit the upstream, but why downstream? Why are you suddenly designing to have a look at your downstream portfolio? Can you maybe just elaborate a little bit on the kind of things you have in mind? Are we talking about major refinery disposals, for example, or is that just a little bit too far afield?
Jim Mulva:  Without getting into the specifics, strategically, we have had a direction whereby we have been maintaining our position in refining and lightening up on marketing assets. With an assets base now that has grown to over $100 billion, and we're talking about a several billion dollar asset disposition program, we regard it as high grading. We're looking across the entire spectrum of our asset base to determine what might be better placed in someone else's hands versus our own. It's not to say there -- no assets are ruled out. But we indicated they'd be more on the upstream side, more late life assets or assets that are not strategically significant to us. On the downstream side, like I indicated, we've historically lightened up on marketing and there could be some refining, but it would be more oriented towards marketing.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup:  Okay, thanks. I only have one follow up. If we look at the debt pay down during the quarter, obviously you delved into your cash by a little bit there. If we strip the cash and the balance sheet out for a second and look at your capacity to pay down debt from free cash flow even in the kind of current environment. Can you just give us some sense as to how quickly and what kind of pace you would expect to see the absolute level of debt reduce over let's say the next couple of years? What kind of aspirations have you got?
Jim Mulva:  What we've said over the next 18 months, which is the remainder of this year and '07, first of all we will fund our capital program. The capital program looks like it's near $18 billion a year. It could be a little bit less in '07, but for planning purposes say it's $18 billion.  Second, we want to bring the absolute level of debt down $1 billion a quarter.  Third, we want a competitive dividend and we like the idea of raising the dividend once a year. We build that into our plans. And to the extent after doing those three or four items, then what cash flow remains we'll be buying shares in. That's what we intend to do. So as you bring the debt down $1 billion a quarter, we might bring it down a little bit more in a given quarter, and if so, great. But as we get our debt ratio down toward 20%, absolute level of debt down closer to $20 billion, then we start doing more on share repurchase.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup:  Okay, that's very clear. Thanks very much, indeed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Continuing somewhat with the theme here. In the past you've talked about trying to get your capital employed more into the upstream and less into the downstream. And off the top of my head I believe you used to talk about going from 60% upstream/downstream to towards more like 70% to 75%.  Are you still working within some kind of parameter like that and could you elaborate if you are? Thanks.
Jim Mulva:  Well, we look at the opportunities and it just happens that the portfolio breaks out to where it is today. But we are trying to do quite a few things in the upstream: the gas pipeline from Alaska, LNG projects, heavy oil projects. But then on the downstream the opportunities that we have increasing our capability to handling heavy oil at refineries domestically in the U.S. and we have Wilhelmshaven, we have leased refineries. So we look at the opportunities and we don't get too hung up whether that balance is 60-40 or 70-30. We look at the opportunities and what we think is best and we don't get too hung up whether it has to be 70% or 63% or 68%, as long as it's probably in this 60-40 to 70-30 that's fine with us.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  Right, I'm with you. So it's a question I guess of returns of a given project across the whole suite of opportunity?
Jim Mulva:  That's right.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: More specifically, in terms of the two Middle Eastern opportunities, could you envisage a situation then when you were progressing both of them simultaneously?
Jim Mulva:  Sure, absolutely.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  That's kind of where I was headed with that one. Finally, separately, hedging. You've been interesting on the subject in the past. Could you say if you feel vindicated? Further to some comments you were making, Jim, during your prepared remarks about hedging and gas in the U.S. and any other items you could add on with the U.S. natural gas market would be interesting, too. Thanks.
Jim Mulva:  We haven't hedged. Obviously our commercial organization, we do a lot of trading because we have physical volumes to move. But we don't take views on oil prices, gas prices or crack spreads and hedge looking forward earnings or cash flow.  We'll continue to always look, but when we took a look at the Burlington transaction back last year and the early part of this year a lot of questions came to us from the financial community, why don't you hedge with high gas prices? We looked at it and a few of the things that we found was that the accounting treatment was difficult. We also know it was going to cost us quite a bit of money and then we had basis differential. We'll keep looking at it, obviously if you can look at it and say you're vindicated, no, we haven't been vindicated because gas prices have backed off. You could make an argument that we should have been hedging the production, but over the long-term our culture and our approach is that we don't hedge our production.  We think we have the portfolio we like and we change the nature of the Company when we start doing those things. And we feel that you can't do them on a probability basis over time and get it right.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  Sure. Well, speaking as a dumb analyst I've got to say it's easier to model if you don't. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Barcelo - Banc of America Securities.
Dan Barcelo - Banc of America Securities:  Just a few questions if I could continue on Burlington. The first part was really similar to an earlier question on DD&A rates. It seems the second quarter level obviously is up with the step up in the evaluation of those assets.  But I just was curious, it seems that that second quarter level is higher than what was initially discussed in terms of the step up and also higher than what was in the S-4. I just wanted to know if that thinking was correct and what could be behind that. I understand it's a non-cash item, but just trying to get my arms around that DD&A level going forward. And then just also, from a very high level, if you could maybe just highlight what you've seen now in these BR assets basically looking at them from a good part of this year. Any more exploration upside you've examined? How is it going with employees and retention? Is there any scope yet for a synergy capture uplift?
Jim Mulva:  Well, John will answer the DD&A question. First of all, in terms of production, Burlington came up before it was acquired by ConocoPhillips with a forecast of production for the year and we continue to stay right with that. We're realizing the volumes that we thought. So that still is right on target. In terms of what we do see and experience though is the cost. The cost of everything we are going, whether it's in Burlington or everything in our Company other than Burlington, costs are going up.  The other point you've raised is in terms of people. It's not only the people that have come to ConocoPhillips from Burlington, but we, our Company and all the companies in the industry, there's quite a competitive environment for people. And so we have to make sure we're competitive. It's not just with the Burlington, it's with everyone that works in the E&P upstream part of our company in the industry. Synergies, we continue to work hard on synergies and we still stand behind the synergies that we said that we were going to capture when we announced the transaction. Now in terms of whether we're seeing something different in terms of DD&A from what we expected, John can comment on that.
John Carrig:  Dan, on the first quarter earnings call we indicated we expected about 7.1 of DD&A for the full year. And if you take the 11.80 in the first quarter and the 19.65 in the second quarter, as you increase volume it can go up modestly. But we don't expect it to go up materially and we would expect to be right in line with that 7.1 on a full-year basis for 2006.
Dan Barcelo - Banc of America Securities:  Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gene Gillespie - Howard Weil.
Gene Gillespie - Howard Weil:  Good morning. A large Canadian company indicated in the last day or two that they might be interested in swapping some heavy oil production for refining capacity. I guess without being specific, on a global basis, Jim, would you have an appetite to be on the other side of that and perhaps swap some refining capacity for resource?
Jim Mulva:  Good point that you're making. It's something that we have said I think in not only conference calls, but in our annual presentations to the financial community. First of all, we've been making investments in our refineries so as to handle the heavy poor quality crude because we think it's good for the downstream business and so that's why we embarked upon a multibillion dollar program over about five or six years. In terms of using that refining capacity, we have some choices. We just buy heavy crude from Canada or import it from other places, Venezuela or other countries. We can do that or we can also take a look at and say, well, we don't have as large a position in heavy oils as we might like. We have our Surmont project which is going to start production late this year or early next year, but we'd like to be more in heavy oils in Canada.  So it's a good question. It's something that we study and at this point in time we really haven't come to conclusions or are about to say anything, but it's something that we naturally should study. It may make a lot of sense for us to do.
Gene Gillespie - Howard Weil:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gilman - Benchmark Co.
 Mark Gilman - Benchmark Co.:  I had a couple things. I want to try the DD&A question of a moment ago from a slightly different angle. John, have there been any explicit adjustments to the purchase accounting treatment that was specified in the most recent S-4?
John Carrig: I'm sure there have been some tweaks to it, Mark, but I don't recall any significant changes. We have the S-4, we have what was in the first quarter Q. I would say that, as we indicated, we thought it was 7.1 before and we still expect it to be 7.1. So I don't see a material change. But if there is we'll have to come back to you.
 Mark Gilman - Benchmark Co.:  Okay. It appears to me – and I'm looking for either confirmation or elaboration -- that the LNG volumes and earnings are both low. Could you address that?
Jim Mulva:  Well, my understanding, and then the others can come in -- we actually started production sooner than we thought. We had some normal startup difficulties in terms of lining out everything and making the volumes, not from production, but just getting the thing planned out. But we're back on in terms of our production, just what we expected for our internal plans. I don't know what we've been saying outside to the financial community, but we watch these things very carefully and in terms of our production we're essentially right on or a little bit ahead of plan.
John Carrig:  Right, but we're still in the ramp-up phase. So we're not at full run rates and we think it's a good project and it will continue to be a good project. So not sure what data you're utilizing to reach that conclusion, but we like the project.
 Mark Gilman - Benchmark Co.:  When would you expect to be at full capacity on it, John?
John Carrig:  I would say that's a normal ramp up, Mark.
Jim Mulva:  Why don't we just come back to you on that? Because if I say a date I'm probably going to be off by several months.
 Mark Gilman - Benchmark Co.: Just one final one for me. It looks to me as if you've made some significant changes or adjustments in terms of the inputs at Wilhelmshaven, in running intermediates or blend stocks as opposed to crude. Is that the case and, if so, what's the thinking on that?
John Carrig: It's fundamentally a hydra-skimming facility. Again, there's no change in the feedstock slate that's jumped out at us, but we will certainly come back to you and indicate whether that's the case for sure.
 Mark Gilman - Benchmark Co.:  Okay, guys. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gene Pisasale - Mercantile Trust.
Gene Pisasale - Mercantile Trust: First, great quarter, congratulations. Just a comment on the barrels produced around the world. The major oils really looking at a higher risk profile for their production today than they were five or ten years ago. With recent moves in Venezuela and Russia, specifically Russia most recently in terms of moving forward with various projects and trying to keep out certain players, so to speak; are you concerned about having a much higher risk premium to your barrels today than you did let's say five years ago? If so, are you just accepting that risk and just trying to spread it around the world?
Jim Mulva:  Thanks, good question. The first point that I would make, though, is compared to most companies of our size, larger or smaller, of course we're in a much higher position of OECD reserves and production. In other words, we start with a very strong base. I can't give you the exact number, but I'll say 65% to 70% of our reserves and production come from North America, the North Sea, you could say [key] North Sea, Australia.  So we start with that position and then as we branch out and go to other places where the new opportunities are. So in that regard I think we are competitively rather unique. We have such a high percentage of exposure, position and assets in production in OECD nations. In terms of Russia, our experience in Russia has been very good. In other words, we work together very closely with LUKOIL, and in working with LUKOIL, our ownership in LUKOIL, we don't see any adverse impact of them operating in Russia or outside Russia.  Then our joint venture project in the Nanuq area in the North where we have developed the YK Field and we have 30% of it, LUKOIL 70%, we don't see any adverse impact, political risk on that.  The other is we're one of five companies short-listed for the Shtokman project working with Gazprom. No decision has been made on that, but we feel we've given a good competitive proposal and hopefully in the next several weeks or months we'll hear the decision of who the participants will be. But from a point of view of concern about Russia, there's political risk wherever you go in the world. Political risk can be all kinds of risk from the standpoint of it can be fiscal takes, changes in fiscal takes, it can be changes in operations, whatever. But we start off with a strong base.  You can see from where we invest, Russia, Caspian and Kashagan, downstream and upstream. Upstream we're LNG in [Goiter], downstream Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi. We certainly wouldn't be making these investments if we didn't think the political risks were acceptable.
Gene Pisasale - Mercantile Trust:  Thanks very much.
Jim Mulva:  One more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jacques Rousseau - Friedman Billings Ramsey.
Jacques Rousseau - Friedman Billings Ramsey:  Great quarter. In under the gun here. Just a couple quick ones. What was the opportunity loss in the upstream and downstream that you referenced from the unplanned downtime?
Jim Mulva: First, opportunity loss. Upstream is we find that some of our production up in Prudhoe Bay that you're aware of has impacted up maybe 20,000 barrels a day. We've had some downtime in the North Sea operationally that cost us several thousand barrels a day. We've had some unplanned downtime in certain of our refineries like Charles and Humber we noted in our media release. When you look at these prices and crack spreads it has quite an impact. It can amount to a pretty significant impact to both upstream and downstream. That's what we're referring to.
Jacques Rousseau - Friedman Billings Ramsey:  I was just curious if you put a dollar amount on it.
Jim Mulva:  Well, we do. We do it for internal purposes, but we don't put that out externally. We do it for accountability within the Company, but you can look at the numbers when you're down by ‘X’ number of days and you look at the crack spreads and the oil price, after tax you'd probably come up with a number or get pretty close anyway.
Jacques Rousseau - Friedman Billings Ramsey:  Fair enough. One last one. With the Burlington acquisition, have you noticed a change to your upstream realizations on gas and oil versus the benchmarks?
John Carrig:  We're pretty well in line. If you look at the quarter-over-quarter decline at Henry Hub, the realizations that we've experienced in the lower 48 are pretty consistent.
Jacques Rousseau - Friedman Billings Ramsey:  Is that the way you think it will play out in the coming quarters?
John Carrig:  Yes, that's our expectation.
Jacques Rousseau - Friedman Billings Ramsey:  Thank you.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for Q&A today. I'll now hand the presentation back to management for closing remarks.
Gary Russell:  Well again, we really appreciate you joining us today for our second quarter conference call and walk-through earnings. We remind you that the presentation along with the transcript of this webcast will be available on our Web page, www.ConocoPhillips.com. Again, thank you for joining us.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-26 15:45:00) =====
Executives: Gary Russell, General Manager, Investor Relations James Mulva, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer John Carrig, Executive Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Douglas Terreson, Morgan Stanley John Herrilly(?), Merrill Lynch Doug Leggate, Citigroup Arjun Murtie, Goldman Sachs Neil McMahon, Sanford Bernstein Jennifer Rowland, JP Morgan Paul Sankey, Deutsche Bank Nicole Decker, Bear Stearns Mark Gilman, Benchmark Capital Mark Flannery, Credit Suisse First Boston Bruce Lanni, AG Edwards
Operator:
Operator instructions.:
Gary Russell, General Manager, Investor Relations : Thanks, Jen, and good morning and welcome to ConocoPhillips Q1 conference call. I’m here with Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and John Carrig, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. During the call today we will be using presentation material that will help us explain the financial and operating performance of our company during Q1 2006, as well as our updated plans for the remainder of the year. As you know, we have extended the call beyond the normal 60 minutes for this Q1. Jim’s remarks will last approximately 45 minutes and then the remainder of the time will be available for your questions. On page two, you can read the Safe Harbor statement. It says among other things that our presentation today along with our responses to your questions will include forward-looking statements regarding our current expectations. The actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. You can find a list of those items that could cause material differences between our current expectations and actual results in our filings with the SEC. Now, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and CEO of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.
James Mulva, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer: Gary, thank you, and I also appreciate all those that are joining us today for our Q1 earnings conference call. We appreciate your interest in our company and so I’m going to start my comments on slide, or page, number three. As you can see, during the quarter we completed the acquisition of Burlington Resources, and we’re pleased with the progress we’re making toward integrating the combined companies. This transaction establishes our company as a leading natural gas producer in North America, with a portfolio of high-quality long-life gas reserves. We also in Q1 completed the acquisition of the Wilhelmshaven Germany refinery. Now this is in line with our strategy to refine our global refining presence. We also advanced plans to upgrade the refinery to allow it to process high-sulphur crude into more valuable high-end products.  During the quarter we generated $3.3 billion net income, $4.8 billion in cash flow. We continued to fund our capital program and other investments by effectively reinvesting 141% of our Q1 net income back into our businesses. We increased our dividend in Q1 by 16%. Now because of the Burlington Resources transaction we ended the quarter with a debt to capital ratio of 30%, and I’m going to go through this with additional details in our updated plans for the remainder of the year in subsequent slides. For Q1 2006, our E&P production – now this excluded the LUKOIL segment, and there’s no recognition of volumes from Burlington Resources – our production was 1.61 million BOED, which is slightly higher than Q4 2005. Our estimated share of LUKOIL’s production in Q1 is 322,000 BOED, and this reflects primarily our increased equity ownership position. On the downstream, our refineries ran at 85% and accrued processing capacity that’s down 3% from Q4. Our average diluted shares outstanding in Q1 was around 1.4 billion, while our diluted shares outstanding on the last day of March was 1.68 billion, and this reflects from date to completion of the Burlington Resources acquisition. I’m moving on to the next slide, page four. You can see the sequential quarterly comparison of our net income. Our worldwide realized oil prices were higher than the previous quarter, however worldwide realized natural gas prices, refining margins and marketing margins were quite a bit lower than Q4. The net effect of all this, along with other market impacts, reduced our Q1 net income by $482 million as compared to Q4. Our Q1 net income was negatively impacted by $242 million. This results from lower E&P sales volumes and lower volumes in our refining marketing segment. We’re going to talk more about this in subsequent slides. You can see our operating costs were $121 million lower than Q4, mainly the result of reduced hurricane-related maintenance expense or utility costs partially offset by a higher turnaround cost in the downstream. Q4 was negatively impacted to $103 million from the results of discontinued operations as well as accumulative effect from the adoption of a new accounting rule. Other items impacting our earnings for Q1 include lower exploration expenses, reduced impact of FX. Also, we did not incur early debt retirement premiums during Q1 like we did in Q4 2005. These benefits were partially offset by the cost associated with the unplanned down time at the Excel Paralubes facility at our Lake Charles refinery. The net effect of all these other items was improvement of $112 million shown in the slide in the Q1 earnings as compared with Q4. You can see it all rolls up to $3.3 billion for Q1 2006.  Now I’m going to slide five. You can see we started the quarter over with a cash balance of $2.2 billion, we generated $4.8 billion from operations in Q1, we completed the acquisition of Burlington Resources and in so doing we acquired or picked up $33.3 billion in cash. We then issued debt of $15.3 billion, then paid $17.5 billion which is the cash part of the transaction to acquire Burlington Resources. We funded our capital and other investment activities amounting to $4.6 billion in the quarter, and paid dividends of $496 million. After you consider the other sources and uses of cash through all of this, we ended Q1 with a cash balance of $3 billion. I’m going on to slide six, the debt ratio slide. The bar chart on the left shows the equity grew to $73 billion at the end of Q1, mainly as a result of the Burlington Resources acquisition. If you look at our earnings plus dividends, in that $73 billion, we increased retained earnings $2.8 billion in Q1. The balance sheet debt increased to approximately $32 billion, resulting in a debt to capital ratio of 30% at the end of Q1. I’m going to slide seven to compare E&P Q1 2006 with Q4 2005. You can see how worldwide oil prices were up 7% from the previous quarter, up to $56.63 a barrel. Our global realized natural gas prices were down 9% from Q4 to $7.24 in MCF. Our production in Q1 was slightly higher than in Q4, up about a little bit more than 1% or 20,000 BOED. However, notice that both our crude oil and natural gas sales volumes were lower than the previous quarter. Exploration expenses were lower, as I said earlier we completed the acquisition of Burlington Resources at the end of Q1 2006. We’re going to slide eight now.  The slide illustrates the variance in production between Q1 2006 and last year. We saw higher production from Timor Sea, Venezuela, Lower 48, and the increased production was offset by on-schedule shutdowns at Prudhoe Bay as well as lower production volumes from Canada. Other negative impacts to our production in Q1 include the impact of higher crude prices on our production-sharing contracts, pretty small though, but production-sharing contracts in Vietnam and Indonesia. Then when you add the 1.61 million BOED, the 322,000 BOED which is our estimate of our equity share of LUKOIL’s production, then you see how we get to the 1.932 million BOED for Q1. I’m going on to page nine, to talk about income from the last quarter of 2005 and Q1 2006, and you can see Q1 increased $127 million to $2.55 billion. Our Q1 results were improved $180 million over Q4 2005 mainly due to lower negative impact in Q1 of the mark to market valuation of some of our natural gas contracts – United Kingdom. We had the benefit of higher realized oil prices (inaudible), would offset the effect of lower realized natural gas prices.  As I said earlier, all our oil and gas sales volumes reduced Q1 at income by $159 million. This is a result of Q1 being shorted by two days as compared to Q4, along with the timing of our crude oil (lift feeds?) Exploration expenses were $68 million lower due to lower dry hole costs or recent experiments(?). Other factors that improved our Q1 net income compared to Q4 2005 which included lower hurricane related charges from insurance mutuals, and reduced impact of foreign exchange. I’m going now to slide 10, we’re moving to Refining & Marketing comparisons of Q1 2006 versus Q4 2005. You can see our worldwide R&M margins were significantly lower than the previous quarter. In the US, our Q1 realized US crack spread declined $2.53 per barrel to $10.28 per barrel. Our international realized crack spread declined $3.72 per barrel to $5.01 per barrel.  Our US refining system ran at 83% of stated capacity, so that’s down 2% from the 85% in Q4 last year. This is a result of heavy turnaround activities and unplanned down time. We’re going to talk more about this in a moment. Our international refining system ran in Q1 94% of stated capacity, so that’s down 8% from Q4 and that’s primarily due to unplanned down time. So we’ll discuss the turnaround activity and this unplanned down time on the following slide, but before I leave, the turnaround expense in Q1 amounted to $163 million pretax for the quarter, and that’s higher than we expected. It’s $77 million higher than we had in Q4 2005. I’m moving to slide 11.  As you can see, our R&M net income was significantly lower than Q4 2005, down $583 million or 60% to $390 million in Q1 2006. We experienced lower worldwide crack spreads, lower marketing margins along with other market impacts. This reduced our net income $667 million. You can see it on the left hand side of the slide. In addition, the return of the Alliance Refinery to normal operations following the hurricane damage last year is more complex and more time-consuming than we anticipated. As a result, the (phase fire up?) of certain processing units caused the majority of Alliance production in Q1 2006 to be lower value intermediate volumes, rather than the higher value clean products.  The lower volume is primarily due to turnaround activity and unplanned down time at our refineries. We reduced our net income $100 million. We completed planned turnarounds at Lake Charles, Borger, Trainer and Ferndale. In addition, we completed turnarounds at Sweeny and Ponca City which had been delayed in response to supply disruptions following the 2005 hurricanes. We also completed turnaround of Bayway which was originally scheduled for later this year, but we had to accelerate it into Q1 2006 to address operational issues. Then we had unplanned down time at Lake Charles, Bayway, Trainer, Ferndale and the Humber Refinery in the UK. The results of all this planned and unplanned down time was a utilization rate worldwide of 85%. Operating costs were lower than the previous quarter, and helped us $99 million, driven by lower maintenance costs and normal maintenance costs, including those that are hurricane-related and by lower utilities.  This was offset by higher turnaround costs and earnings in the quarter were further improved compared to the previous quarter by $83 million as a result of the cumulative effect of an accounting change recorded in the previous quarter that did not recur. In summary, if you look at this slide, you can see we have a significant amount of planned and unplanned turnarounds. With respect to our planned turnarounds, if you look at the market environment, our timing was correct for these planned turnarounds. We also want to note that there was a period of time in the latter part of January and the early part of February where the market conditions were that we actually experienced negative margins, primarily on the East Coast of the US but to some extent in other parts of our system. I’m going to move now to page 12, going from R&M to our LUKOIL investment. You can see we increased our equity ownership by 1%, in the quarter up to 17.1%. As a result our average ownership for the quarter was 16.6%. Our estimated equity earnings for Q1 for LUKOIL were $249 million, that’s up from $189 million in Q4. The increase is mainly attributable to higher realized crude prices and increased ownership. I’m going to slide 13 now, which addresses the Midstream and chemicals, joint ventures and emerging businesses. You can see that earnings from Midstream in Q1 was $110 million, a decline of $37 million from Q4, and this is primarily due to lower natural gas liquid prices. Turning to our Chemicals joint ventures, the earnings improved $35 million in Q1, up to $149 million. That’s primarily attributable to higher polyolefin margins, partial settlement of a business interruption claim, in addition to olefins and polyolefin sales volumes recovered from the prior quarter hurricane impacts.  Emerging Businesses have a relatively small impact to the company’s performance. They were slightly positive improved compared to Q4 2005. This is primarily attributable to domestic and international power operations. Moving to slide 14, which is the corporate element, you can see the corporate segment impact on net income was a loss of $168 million in Q1, and interest expense was $37 million lower than Q4. Corporate overhead was $11 million higher, mainly due to benefit related charges in Q1. All the other factors which compare Q1 results generally relate to issues that favorably impacted the corporate segment in Q4 but did not recur in Q1. Having looked at the corporate side, the presentation so far is our normal presentation, it’s focused on our performance operating and financial performance in Q1. What I would really like to do now on subsequent slides is shift the focus to updating you on our Burlington Resources acquisition as well as to update you on our plans for the remainder of this year. So what I’m going to do is I’m going to start on this next slide with our ROC analysis. You can see, we have made some changes in our presentation of the ROC analysis, and this is to reflect and better represent the performance and the impact of ultimately, going forward, the Burlington Resources acquisition. If you look at this slide, what you can see in green shows what our return on capital employed is. The shaded area represents the return on capital employed from the loss of the highest peer group – and we say the peer group, as you know in the past it’s the largest publicly-traded, integrated companies, and that includes Chevron, Total, Shell, BP and Exxon. So looking at this slide, you can see we made adjustments to our ROCE for purchase accounting to put ConocoPhillips results on an apples to apples comparison with our peers for past periods, but then we’re going to use this going forward. Going forward, in subsequent quarters and annual presentations, we’re not going to make purchase accounting adjustments for ConocoPhillips. In the shaded area for our peers, we will make adjustments for our estimate of the pooling benefit they received from past major business combinations in determining and representing their ROCE. So the barchart reflects ConocoPhillips ROCE without adjustments for purchase accounting. We have, for presentation purposes, excluded the impact of Burlington Resources acquisition from capital employed since no income from Burlington Resources is included in our Q1 net income. Remember, that transaction was completed the very last day of Q1. So you can see the adjustments that we made for major business combinations to arrive at an ROCE of our peers, and this is further reflected, if you want to look at the numbers, (inaudible) table one which is attached to our presentation. So this is the presentation format that we’re going to be using going forward in the future. We believe that this format will provide an appropriate representation, fewer adjustments by which to measure the relative performance of our company over time against the peer group. If you look at the right bar, the annualized ROCE for ConocoPhillips, Q1 2006 was 20%. In that 20%, I’ll just give you what the various segments are: E&P is 22%, R&M about 8%, Midstream Chemicals about 31%, LUKOIL 17%, a combination of all this is 20%.  If we go on to the next slide, 16, we’ve made some changes to our executive management team, and this comes really as a result of retirements and also the Burlington Resources acquisition. As you can see, Randy Limbacher who was formerly COO from Burlington Resources is EVP, watching over North and South America. With the retirement of Jim Nokes, Jim Gallogly has effectively taken leadership of the downstream part of our business. Then you can see there are changes in responsibilities: we swapped the roles of John Lowe and Phil Frederickson, Ryan Lance has come in as a Senior Vice President, that’s far more focused on leadership and management of our large capital projects around the world as well as the technology to support upstream and downstream.  So now I’m going to go on to page 17, which talks about the synergy associated with the Burlington Resources transaction. When we announced it back in December 2005, we said our estimate of synergies was $375 million pretax. Integration has gone very well. We were very organized, worked very hard and all of the Burlington Resources, ConocoPhillips employees have been identified, we’re well on our way with all the implementation, who’s going to do what. Synergies were certainly not the primary driver for the acquisitions, but they’re important to us and we have the accountability in place as we have done with prior transactions to capture them. Earn estimates is now $500 million pretax. You can see on the right hand side of the slide, the areas where we expect to capture these synergies. I’m going to move on from the synergies slide to page 18, transaction costs.  Our latest estimate of non-recurring transaction costs associated with the Burlington Resources transaction include $176 million capitalized as part of the purchase price. These costs are generally employee-related costs incurred by Burlington Resources such as severance, benefits, out placement and relocation. Then we expect to incur a restructuring and transition cost, totally $60 million in 2006 and $20 million in 2007. These will be reflected in our reporting in future quarterly periods in our corporate segment. We expect our E&P segment to incur an additional $34 million in 2006 and $12 million in 2007, and this represents our estimate of employee retention costs. What I’m going to do on the next two slides is go back and look at the Burlington Resources transaction from two different perspectives. First, we’re going to look at the breakeven, for the acquired resource base, then we’re also going to look at the net income breakeven, and it’s based on what we expect to see in our future income statements going forward. First, on slide 19, this is Burlington Resources acquisition. If we use the year end 2005 book reserves, along with Burlington Resources having probable unproved drilling inventory, which was about 5.6 Trillion Cubic Feet, Burlington Resources base then is approximately 18.1 TCF. Based on a full purchase price of $34 billion, that translates to a unit acquisition cost of about $1.88 MCF equivalent, which is at the top of the slide. Then we add to that a future estimated capital cost of about $2 MCF equivalent, that we assume will be spent to develop both the proved and the unproved drilling inventory which approximates to 9 TCF equivalent. Spread over the full resource base of 18.1TCF equivalent, that represents about $1.00 MCF equivalent. Then operating costs and taxes other than income tax add about $1.40 MCF equivalent and $0.32 MCF equivalent respectively. Then using the full synergy run rate that we expect to capture, by 2008, a $0.46 MCF equivalent, you can see the medium term breakeven for the acquisition is about $4.14 MCF equivalent.  We believe this breakeven acquisition cost for Burlington Resources proved reserve at known inventory available prospects is competitive. Now, from a different perspective, let’s go to slide 20, net income breakeven. Using the pro forma financial information we filed with the SEC on our form 8-K earlier this month, the unit DD&A for Burlington Resources production is estimated $2.32 MCF equivalent. To this you should add operating transportation costs, $1.40 MCF equivalent, and taxes other than income tax of $0.32 and assume a full year run rate of our synergy estimate of $0.46, the results is a net income breakeven for the Burlington Resources transaction: about $3.58 in MCF. The prior slide and this slide are two different ways to evaluate the cost competitiveness of this transaction and its retorches(?). They’re basically in a relative range of $3.50-4.50 MCF equivalent. We believe these metrics are competitive. Now having looked at that, I would like to transition now to another subject to provide an update on our plans for the remainder of this year. On slide 21, you can see that this is the corporate strategy slide that we presented last November at the New York analysts meeting. There’s no change in this slide, no change in our strategy, however what I want to do in subsequent slides is update our operating, investment and financial plans resulting from the Burlington Resources transaction, but update our operating, investment and financial plans for the remainder of this year. Before going into all of that though, let’s look at slide 22. You can just see that after the acquisition of Burlington Resources, we are a leading natural gas producer in North America. Our portfolio is comprised mainly of high quality, long life natural gas reserves. Our North America presence will be a key component to our total E&P asset base. It represents a substantial portion of our worldwide E&P production and we are very confident there’s a lot of upside. North American production includes conventional gas, unconventional gas, conventional oil, oil sands and thin crude. Let me just point out, when you look at this slide, you can see here 1.15 million BOED of production. This represents about half of our anticipated 2006 worldwide production. We also see that we have 49 million acres and we have exposure to many of the producing basins in North America. We think this is a rather unique position.  Let’s go to slide 23 to see how the improvement of all these investments and transactions on our E&P presence in North America supports also our natural gas strategy in North America. Our capital budget reflects this. We expect to stand about $5 billion in North America E&P in 2006. When you combine this with $2 billion in our domestic R&M capital budget, here is half of our total worldwide corporate spending program, being invested in North America. Let’s go now to page 24, long-term growth. We expect our 2006 production all in – this includes our share of LUKOIL production, three quarters of production for Burlington Resources, that is from April through December of 2006 – all this adds up to approximately 2.4 million BOED. In longer-term, we expect growth of around 3% a year and this is consistent with our previous communications. What I’d like to do is transition our presentation now to give you an update on our financial plans.  Slide 25, you can see our financial strategy. This strategy slide was used in our analyst presentation, it’s unchanged, it’s essentially what our strategy is. However, given the Burlington Resources transaction and the current market environment, we want to update you on our specific plans for the remainder of the year. So we go to slide 26. On slide 26, you can see there is no change in our plans. We’re going to fully fund our expanded capital program, which is what we announced in November, along with the capital program in place for Burlington Resources. Now with an asset base, after the Burlington Resources transaction of $160 billion, we believe some optimization is appropriate. Accordingly, we expect to have several billion dollars of asset dispositions coming from the upstream and downstream, to be made over the next 12-18 months. These dispositions are not long life, vitacy(?) strategic assets.  That reduction will continue to be a high priority, and we have commenced deduction on our debt from what we experienced at the end of Q1 2006. Beyond debt reduction, we want to have a better balanced financial strategy which includes share repurchase. In fact, so far this year, between ConocoPhillips and Burlington Resources, in Q1 we repurchased about $250 million worth of shares. I say in Q1, but so far this year we have purchased $250 million worth of shares. So given the current environment that we see ourselves operating in, we would expect to continue repurchasing shares at the rate of about $1 billion a year. We also expect to continue with annual dividend increases and this was evidenced by our most recent increase in Q1 of 16%. I’m going to page 27, you’ll see the price sensitivities.  This slide shows our price sensitivities. It has been updated after the Burlington Resources transaction and their (quarters are on a?) quarterly basis, along with related EPS impact. You can take a look at this and I’m going to move on now to page 28. We call this the John Carrig slide, this slide shows you and gives you an update of the drivers that John shared with you in the prior analyst meeting, quarterly numbers. It’s updated to include our latest estimates, so you can see the corporate on the left hand side of the slide, $1.23 billion after tax. You can see before the Burlington Resources transaction, our annual corporate expenses $660 million. We see in 2006, there’s still integration costs of $60 million over the next number of quarters. You see our effective tax rate. On the right hand side of the slide, it shows turnaround expenses for the year, pretax for our downstream, $385 million, exploration a little over $1 billion, and our DD&A on an annual basis a little over $7 billion. Going to slide 29, we are frequently asked what happens to our financial plan with different price scenarios, so this slide represents our response to that question. As you can see on this, before we go through and explain all of this, the vertical bars, the gold bars, represent cash flow from operations. The shaded green on the top of the gold bar represents our available cash position as we start. Then behind the vertical bars, you can see the shaded areas where we apply or utilize our cash resources to pay dividends, capital investment, repay debt, increase our ownership in LUKOIL and make share repurchases. Then you can see, under each of these bars, you can see what type price scenario upstream and downstream we are using on the scenario. You see what happens at the end of the year and our capital structure, and over the right hand side is a slide for comparison purposes. We just showed what the pricing environment was at the end of yesterday. So you see the different scenarios.  From the bar on the right, at first call estimates for cash from operating activities, you can see our debt to capital ratio at the end of the year would be 26%, after funding our dividends, our expanded capital program reducing debt by $3 billion, completing our purchase or getting up to 20% ownership in LUKOIL and planning a $1 billion share repurchase program. In addition, you can see the middle bar, a scenario that leads to a 2006 cash breakeven, then the bar on the left is the scenario that funds our capital program and dividend with a lower price environment. I want to point out, these scenarios do not include any proceeds from the sale of assets. Remember, I said several billion dollars that we would sell non-strategic assets over the next 12-18 months.  Now to conclude the presentation, I’m going to go to the last slide. I’ve got some closing comments, then we’ll go on to the questions you might have. As we’ve shown, our strategic objectives, financial goals for the company remain consistent and unchanged. We are pleased to start 2006 by enhancing both upstream and downstream to our completion of two large strategic transactions, and integration efforts are progressing well, according to our expectations through the results of the commitment of our dedicated global workforce. Key aspects of the integration plan will be to improve our financial results by capturing synergies, as well as optimizing our portfolio. It also will continue to emphasize the importance of operating excellence and discipline in our capital spending. As anticipated, we commence production and we completed our initial deliveries of LNG from our Darwin, Australia LNG facility in Q1. We expect deliveries of approximately 2 million metric tons of LNG in 2006. This is consistent with our plans. Then in subsequent years we go up to 3 million tons a year for quite a number of years thereafter.  As previously communicated, we anticipated recording our share of production from the Waha concession in Libya in late April and we expect to substantially recover our under-lift position by the end of 2006. Our downstream business, the Alliance Refinery has returned to normal operations in the middle of April. Domestically, we anticipate another quarter of significant turnaround activities. Capacity utilization for the Q2 is expected to be in the mid 90% range and we’re at a level a little bit less than the mid 90s at this point in time. Our turnaround costs will be approximately $100 million before tax in Q2. Then also in Q2 we expect to complete our transition to ethanol-blended gasoline and complete preparations to comply with the new ultra low sulphur diesel regulations. Our 2006 capital program, excluding the acquisition of Burlington Resources, but including the Burlington Resources remaining 2006 capital program, in other words Q2, Q3 and Q4, and the acquisition and initial expenditures on the deep conversion of the Wilhelmshaven Refinery, all in, our capital spending is expected to be $18 billion in 2006. This includes loans to affiliates of $1 billion associated with the capital program and the estimated investment necessary to bring our ownership in LUKOIL to 20% by the end of the year.  Based on first call consensus, 2006 EPS estimates as of April 18th, our capital program of $18 billion including these loans to affiliates, increasing our ownership in LUKOIL, effectively represents a reinvestment rate of 119% of net income. This concludes the prepared remarks, longer than normal but we had a lot of information that we wanted to share with you. I think now, Gary and John, we’re ready to respond to questions that callers might have of us.
Gary Russell: OK, we’re ready for questions.
Questions and Answers:
Operator:
Operator instructions.:
Q - Douglas Terreson, Morgan Stanley: Hi, Jim, and congratulations on your record results. 
James Mulva: Thank you, Doug.
Q - Douglas Terreson, Morgan Stanley: You’re welcome, but returning to the financial strategy slide that you just talked about on page 29, it appears that when using the factors on John’s slide 27, that free cash flow would probably be as much as $3 billion higher if the forward curve were to be in the ballpark this year, than that which would be the case when using the first call scenario slide on the right part of page 29. On this point, while debt repayment is obviously an important priority post the Burlington Resources transaction, and you mentioned that share repurchases would be at least a billion dollars per year, my question is, in that more positive scenario, whether the balance between debt and equity reductions would change and if so, why or why not?
A - James Mulva: Well, I think given that situation that you posed, Doug, what we’d like to communicate is I think our preference as we go through Q2, Q3 and Q4 would be to – if we have that additional cash flow – to put more of it towards debt reduction to strengthen and we feel that it is reflective with a stronger balance sheet, less debt we see reflected in a better share price. But as we go through it, if this is the pricing environment that we see, we will consider whether we should up our share repurchase. But I think, just for guidance purposes, we’ll do primarily more toward debt reduction, get Q2 and Q3 behind us, give consideration to accelerating above one billion. Obviously if we have a stronger pricing environment upstream and downstream as we go through the latter part of 2006, and into 2007, we’re going to be stressing share repurchases more than debt reduction.
Douglas Terreson, Morgan Stanley: Sure. OK. Thanks a lot and congratulations again.
Operator:
Q - John Herrilly(?), Merrill Lynch.: Hi, two quick ones. Burlington Resources obviously was natural gas leveraged, Rockies gas prices have been suffering from wider basis differentials. You discussed, kind of, the cost side of the acquisition, what about bases? Are you going to plan to hedge more, or does having more gas facilitate your marketing operations since you’re number two in gas marketing?
A - James Mulva: First of all, with respect to hedging, we really haven’t changed our position on hedging. We look, and we have looked, and quite a number of people – buy and sell side analysts and investors – have asked us to look at hedging. Normally we historically have not done that. When we look at hedging, we have used the following: one, it is expensive. Second, we have accounting – we would not get hedge accounting so it would really impact a lot of volatility on our financial reports, making it difficult to explain. Third, the basis differential. So therefore, we look at our breakevens in all and we look at what we expect the natural gas pricing environment would be, and for these reasons, we’re not interested in doing hedging. With respect to basis differential, we’re working pretty hard on how we can evacuate and move our natural gas production into the marketplace. Obviously we do have experience historically on basis differential, but we are participating on ‘no, it doesn’t take place immediately’. Evacuation routes, new pipelines, in all we think over the medium to long term we’re going to really narrow that basis differential, such as what we have experienced. The experience to date won’t be that going forward over the medium and the long term. 
Q - John Herrilly(?), Merrill Lynch.: OK, thank you. The next one for me is on the asset dispositions. Burlington Resources didn’t have a lot of short life assets, other than the North Sea. So it this going to be a combination of upstream assets that will be monetized, or will it be more Conoco in derivation?
A - James Mulva: Well, I think as I tried to say earlier, what we are looking at, both upstream and downstream, are very mature, late-life, non strategic, non legacy assets that we could, in this pricing environment sell and realize far more value by selling than we would realize in production over 12, 18 or 24 months. So not a lot of volume, not a lot of reserves. But we see some of that being done in the upstream. In the downstream part of the company, we are looking at are there some areas of either terminals, some small pipeline interests, some marketing assets that we could be looking at that we could monatize. So it’s more several billion dollars – that type of assets. Nothing, if we look at it, that fits into our medium-long term legacy strategic assets. 
John Herrilly(?), Merrill Lynch.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate with Citigroup.
Q - Doug Leggate, Citigroup : Thank you, good morning, gentlemen. You’ve shown us these very detailed cash breakeven scenarios, and I appreciate the help on that. However, there are a number of fairly significant projects that potentially lie ahead: Stockman, I wonder if you could possibly comment on how you see your chances there, but also Brass LNG and of course Mackenzie Delta gas. Could you just talk about what happens to your cash breakeven let’s say over a five-year view if some of those major projects come in? Because I imagine the associated capital is quite significant?
A - James Mulva: Yes, the cash breakevens that we were showing were attributed directly to the Burlington Resources transaction. Or – what are you saying?
A - John Carrig(?): He really means cash scenarios.
Q - Doug Leggate, Citigroup : The cash scenarios, sorry, yes. 
A - James Mulva: OK. So what you’re saying, what happens to those cash scenarios given Stockman, Brass and Mackenzie Delta?
Q - Doug Leggate, Citigroup : Sure.
A - James Mulva: Well, in terms of Stockman, your first question was how do we evaluate our position with respect to one of the short-listed companies. We’re very interested, we feel that we submitted a competitive proposal, we’ve met with Gazprom leadership, we’re in communication with them, we expect that we will hear, and all the short-listed companies will hear over the next several weeks, and I believe it looks like now it might be the latter part of May, we’re quite hopeful and this is an important project for our company. We’d like to participate, but I have nothing really more that I could add to that, other than we’ve submitted a competitive proposal. With respect to Brass LNG, it’s another project that we’re quite interested in. All the projects, by the way, upstream, downstream, all over the world, we do see pressure with respect to cost, capital and so we’d have to factor all of that in to all of our projects. Mackenzie Delta, I think we’re also finding we’re making progress in terms of sorting out some of the outstanding issues that hopefully we can be moving this project along with the Alaska Gas pipeline to fruition. In other words, these are all – these will probably take a lot of time to develop and to build, but these are important.  We need to be studying them, both Mackenzie Delta and our gas pipeline from Alaska(?) as quickly as possible. In terms of our cash flow, a lot of what we have been spending over the past several years, we can see that as we bring those projects on, we then have the free board, or ability to bring on these new projects such that we can fund these from our cash flow. So we have this figured in and we normally show that with you at our annual analyst meetings, but as we complete some of our heavy oil projects, like Stormount(?), as we complete London LNG(?), as we complete some of our refining investments, we find that we certainly have the room to do these things like Stockman, Mackenzie Delta, Alaska Gas pipeline and other investments. The impact in terms of our operating costs and metrics – all these projects have different metrics, but we still are looking at finding development costs and competitive operating costs, compared to assisting operations as well as competitors. 
Q - Doug Leggate, Citigroup : OK, Jim. Maybe one brief follow up, in previous calls you suggested that you were very happy with the ConocoPhillips portfolio prior to the Burlington Resources acquisition. Is the only thing that’s changed there the price environment?
A - James Mulva: We’re still happy with the portfolio we have, all we are saying and I don’t know if this is your question, but $160 billion in assets, we see that there’s several billion dollars what we can use, redeploy, in our capital program, debt reduction, share repurchase, we just think it’s the right thing for us to be doing, so we haven’t changed at all in terms of our basic satisfaction with the portfolio that we’ve had and what we expect to be spending on and creating the portfolio of tomorrow, and you know, five years and ten years from now. 
Doug Leggate, Citigroup : Great. Thanks a lot, Jim.
Operator: Your next question is from Arjun Murtie with Goldman Sachs.
Q - Arjun Murtie, Goldman Sachs: Thank you. I have two questions related to North American E&P. Can you just talk about your appetite for additional acquisitions? Will that be part of growing North American E&P? I don’t mean necessarily the size of Burlington Resources, which is obviously very large, but should we expect some amount – you know, $500 million or $1 billion – of ongoing North American-oriented E&P acquisitions?
A - James Mulva: OK, Arjun, thank you. One of the things that we have indicated with the Burlington Resources transaction is that we will continue to fund the capital spending. Part of that capital spending in Burlington Resources is lease acquisition, some small acquisitions, some production – in many cases it’s land. So we will continue to do that. In other words, continue the program that Burlington Resources has had in the past, we will do in the future. With respect to large acquisitions, one of the things we’re finding is yes, we paid a very full price for the Burlington Resources transaction, you’ve seen the metrics by which we’ve shown breakevens. We will look at everything, but I think what we’re finding is that the cost of these things – we’ve even been looking at a number of things based on what we would be willing to pay, we have not been competitive. So I think you’ve seen a new base on what we’re willing so spend, but I think it’s kind of doubtful for us to go higher than what we’ve done with respect to the Burlington Resources transaction.
Q - Arjun Murtie, Goldman Sachs: Great. That’s very helpful. One other question: on the future capital related to the Burlington Resources acquisition, for the 9 TCF of billing inventory you mentioned a $2 MCFe development cost. Burlington Resources’ historic drill bit S&D was more like a $1.25. Last year’s jumped up to $1.60. But still, well below the $2 kind of number. Clearly there’s more inflation – are you just being very conservative, or are you just trying to account for a lot more future inflation, or is there some other change to their types of spending that would make the development costs as conservative as you’re highlighting here?
A - James Mulva: We expected to be as competitive as they have been in the past. There is inflation, but that is a quite conservative estimate. We erred on the side of conservatism rather than get challenged on a number that was too thin.
Q - Arjun Murtie, Goldman Sachs: That’s great. So down the road, we shouldn’t be surprised if CFND(?) is actually below this implied $2 number? Clearly you’re not committing to that, but it could very well be?
A - James Mulva: That would be our goal.
Q - Arjun Murtie, Goldman Sachs: That’s very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Neil McMahon with Sanford Bernstein.
Q - Neil McMahon, Sanford Bernstein: Hi. Maybe a few questions, the first one for John. John, is there any way you could give us some guidance as to the incremental goodwill on the Burlington Resources deal if we actually saw a balance sheet for the end of the quarter? And just hypothetically, if we ended this year with a natural gas price of $7 per MCF, due to the high inventory numbers, how much of that would be exposed to a write-off? Then I’ve got a few follow-ups.
A - John Carrig: I don’t have the numbers in front of me, Neil, but we filed an 8-K with the SEC on April 3rd, I believe, and the pro forma adjustments as of year end were in there. At $7 an MCF, we would not expect any exposure to a write-off of goodwill.
Q - Neil McMahon, Sanford Bernstein: OK. Just on looking at your CAPEX going forward, it’s obviously right up there with the likes of Exxon and Shell and others. Given again the low gas price, do you see yourselves changing that CAPEX going forward if we continue to see these low natural gas prices relative to when you did the deal with Burlington Resources, or is your CAPEX for Burlington Resources this year pretty much locked and loaded and for maybe 2007 as well? Then just a final question for Jim, just some comments on Venezuela and issues surrounding the commentary coming out on the heavy oil taxation? Thanks.
A - John Carrig: Jim may have some additional comments on the capital, but our approaches to Burlington Resources and other transactions is we’re in this for the long term. Obviously each investment needs to stand on its own, but we would not expect a material reduction in the capital spend in response to a gas price like you said of around $7. We want to be able to spend through a variety of pricing conditions and markets. Jim?
A - James Mulva: Well, to expand on that, we have the drillable prospects so we certainly expect that capital program that’s associated with the Burlington Resources properties will continue to be essentially locked in as we go through 2006 and 2007 as well. With respect to Venezuela, certainly we read and all the media comments regarding Venezuela, and our investments in Venezuela, along with other companies in the industry. As I said in past quarterly conference calls, we continue to operate very well in Venezuela. We have very good operating relationships with partners and with the Venezuelan authorities. Our people routinely meet with the authorities (PDVSA and the ministry?), in fact here in the next week or two I believe I’m going to be seeing and meeting with Minister Ramirez, so we’ll be talking about our investments. Hopefully the opportunities to expand our investments, because we have capability for Hamaca and Petrozuata to add capacity. So said, Hamaca and Petrozuata are first and foremost on our agenda to talk about, and we will, and also the Corocoro development continues to go quite well, and we’re right on schedule with respect to bringing that production on screen. But I don’t really have anything more to offer, other than to say we’ve good operating, good relationships, we are talking and I plan to see the minister in the next one or two weeks.
Neil McMahon, Sanford Bernstein: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Jennifer Rowland with JP Morgan.
Q - Jennifer Rowland, JP Morgan: Thanks. A question on the capital program with the presentation for the Conoco Burlington transaction, you have that 2006 CAPEX would be just over $17 billion, so just wondering, what’s changed to get the guidance up to $18 billion? Is it just general cost overruns that you’re seeing throughout projects, or is it a reevaluation of the costs that you may have to spend on Burlington Resources projects?
A - James Mulva: Well, first, we’ve added in to recortize(?) the capital spend for three quarters of Burlington Resources. We’ve also added a few opportunity projects that have come forth that I’ll just say are in the neighborhood of just a billion dollars, that we would like to add to our program, which are good returns. Then with the strong appreciation of the share price at LUKOIL, the acquisition of the remaining 4% at the end of last year with 16%, and we’ve been doing about a percent a quarter. Just on 4% it’s costing us more to get the 20% than we thought. It’s costing us more to buy that, but the value of ownership in LUKOIL has at least doubled – more than double what we acquired the shares for. So that’s primarily it. We do have some cost inflation in our capital program upstream and downstream, but primarily recognition adding for the Burlington transaction, adding about another $1-1.5 billion of opportunity projects that we want to add to our capital program and the additional cost to get to 20% LUKOIL. 
Q - Jennifer Rowland, JP Morgan: OK, great. Then just a quick question on LUKOIL actually. Is it safe to assume that once you reach the 20% level, that will be it as far as your ownership stakes?
A - James Mulva: 20% by agreement is the maximum we can have, so we get to 20% and that’s by agreement, that share.
Jennifer Rowland, JP Morgan: OK, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey, with Deutsche Bank.
Q - Paul Sankey, Deutsche Bank: Hi, good afternoon, gentlemen. Regarding the way you’re looking at your return on capital employed and pooled accounting, does that mean that for future acquisitions you’ll be using that methodology as your hurdle rate, if you like, for the attractiveness of future acquisitions?
A - James Mulva: Yes, we have to use purchase accounting.
Q - Paul Sankey, Deutsche Bank: So we should consider that your methodology from now on, if you like? The further question I have is on the capital budget again. Let’s say we’re looking at a $15 billion ongoing CAPEX budget. Is that a fair number for us to use, and would it be fair for us to infer from the cash breakeven slide, that your breakeven will now be around the $47 (inaudible) mark? And further to that, would we then, if we went below that level, reverse your prioritization of cash uses as to what you would cut back on, if you like, if we were below $47? So I’m thinking, would the last thing to go be the capital budget, or how would you think about it if we were below that level? Thanks.
A - James Mulva: OK. First of all, I think your assumption going forward in subsequent years of something around $15 billion is a good assumption. Then when you look at it you say, well, breakeven, in different scenarios of capital, all this looks about – on slide 29 - $47.30 crude, gas $6.66, and crack spread. Well, a lot depends, you know? You may have a stronger or weaker upstream or downstream. But we obviously have a lot of latitude there where we could, if we looked at a lower price environment – say the mid-$40 oil price, if we say it’s going to last for some extended period of time, we can adjust our capital program. We can also defer some projects. We’d have to take a look at what we think is taking place upstream and downstream, but I think in terms of dividends, we were very strong in discipline of annual increases in dividends. We expect by the time if we were to see a lower pricing environment like this, we would have gotten our balance sheet set down dramatically over the next 6, 12, 18 months. We have a lot of optionality with respect to how to respond and adapt to a lower pricing environment.
Q - Paul Sankey, Deutsche Bank: Jim, is it fair to say then that this past level of debt would be a peak level? You wouldn’t obviously want to go beyond that?
A - James Mulva: Well, no. We’re moving the debt down. We’d like to see the debt moving down to the low 20s, then medium to longer term we’d like to see our debt be between $15-20 billion. Debt race is going to be down in the mid-teens by then.
Q - Paul Sankey, Deutsche Bank: And just to be very clear, then, so you’re basically looking – all things equal – at a $15 billion type outlook for your annual CAPEX as a kind of run rate that we should consider for the years approaching, assuming that we stay in the $47+ type environment?
A - James Mulva: That’s correct, because – a rather unique situation – we have the projects over the next 5-10 years that we see spending at that level with good returns on that kind of a spend program.
Paul Sankey, Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Nicki Decker, with Bear Stearns.
Q - Nicole Decker, Bear Stearns: Hi, good afternoon. My question is on your synergy as on page 17. Just four questions, if I could. First of all, could you apply a dollar amount to each of the five items on that page? Secondly, the operating expense reductions, just given that Burlington Resources operations are already pretty low cost, and that you’ve talked about possibly applying Burlington Resources operating excellence at ConocoPhillips sales, just elaborate if you would on where you envision the realization of this operating expense reductions? Thirdly, the volume enhancements, would you please just clarify what you mean by that? And lastly, how should we look at a timeframe for realization of these synergies? Thank you.
A - James Mulva: OK, Nicki, we don’t have a specific breakdown by category of those cost centers as it were, that we’re sharing with people. We would expect operating expense reductions will occur over the full gamut of things, but we would expect that some rationalization of activities by being a lot more highly concentrated in different basins would help us achieve operating expense reductions, and we intend to focus on operating excellence. And then you’re right, to the extent that you viewed the Burlington Resources assets as the lower cost of the two, then we would expect to benefit from sharing of that knowledge and information. On volume enhancements, that’s going to come through application of best practices and in certain cases through say in a place like San Juan, where we’re able to optimize the positions of both ourselves and Burlington Resources to add volume enhancements. Then finally, for the time frame, we would expect to have the full run rate of this available to us in 2008. So you know, it’s going to ramp up to this number between now and then.
Nicole Decker, Bear Stearns: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Gilman with the Benchmark Company
Q - Mark Gilman, Benchmark Capital: Good morning, guys. I got a couple of things. First on the synergy thing also, I wonder if you can give me an idea of the level - the quantifiable level – of workforce reductions and office closings that were part of the initial estimate and how that’s been revised with respect to the new estimate?
A - James Mulva: We see workforce reductions – I don’t have a headcount number for you at my fingertips. We can try to see what we have available. But we see that there will be some reductions, and those will take place from now to say a year from now, some a little bit longer. As we run our businesses, we have to run our businesses with initially the systems part of the business in parallel, and when it gets converted over we would expect to realize more synergies. I think a good proxy for that, Mark, is on page 18, we had the capitalized purchase price for those items as well as the corporate segment extent. The corporate segment, you can see, trails down. And the capitalized purchase price would take a similar pattern. The synergies would get captured in greater amounts in more of a reciprocal pattern.
Q - Mark Gilman, Benchmark Capital: No number on office closings, John?
A - John Carrig:
Q - Mark Gilman, Benchmark Capital: OK. Let me try something else if I could. John, can you help me understand how you’re booking the LNG revenue associated with Vioux(?)? I mean, when I look at the Timor Sea gas realization in the quarter, even recognizing the limited number of cargoes that were shipped, it scarcely moved at all. What am I missing, in terms of the way in which that revenue is being reported?
A - John Carrig: It doesn’t get reported as MCF sold, it’s LNG revenue. It’s a separate item of revenue.
Q - Mark Gilman, Benchmark Capital: So it’s not reported at all in your gas price realization?
A - John Carrig: No, it is not. And neither is Timor. 
Q - Mark Gilman, Benchmark Capital: OK. So it’s not reflected in any of the upstream realizations anywhere?
A - John Carrig: In LNG realizations, Mark. I think there’s an LNG realization somewhere, but I’d have to go through the – 
Q - Mark Gilman, Benchmark Capital: There’s a Kenai LNG realization, but if there is one on Vioux(?) I didn’t see it. 
A - John Carrig: It may not be in this quarter, but it will be. 
A - Gary Russell: I’ll call you later and show you where it’s at, Mark.
Q - Mark Gilman, Benchmark Capital: OK, that’s fine. And one final one. Give me an idea, if you could, the production level on Magnolia, and whether it’s at plateau?
A - Gary Russell: Can I get back with you on that? I’ll call you after the call.
Q - Mark Gilman, Benchmark Capital: Thanks a lot. That’s all I have.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Flannery, with Credit Suisse.
Q - Mark Flannery, Credit Suisse First Boston: Hi, I’ve got two quick ones. One is could you break down the $15 billion in underlying CAPEX between upstream, downstream and other, just roughly for us?
A - James Mulva: OK. I think, Mark, what we’ll do is – I don’t have it right in front of me, but you should go to the New York analyst presentation, and that’s a very good approximation of just what it is, because what we’ve done is we’ve added on the additional cost for the LUKOIL getting up to 20%, then we’ve added on let’s say about $1-1.5 billion of additional opportunities and I think you can split those somewhere roughly half upstream, half downstream. And you get a pretty good number then, even though the additional capital for Burlington Resources is all upstream, and so that’s how I’d respond to it. But I think Gary can come back to you with the detail on the numbers.
A - Gary Russell: Yes, I can get you the actual make up of the $15 billion, Mark, I’ll give you that.
Q - Mark Flannery, Credit Suisse First Boston: OK, that’s great. Just one quick follow up, at consensus earnings estimates, or consensus oil price forecasts, or whatever, just for the consensus case, what would you expect stock-based compensation to run at in 2006?
A - James Mulva: Are you going to tell me the multiple?
Q - Mark Flannery, Credit Suisse First Boston: Well just say now. Say if this was the end of the year and nothing much had changed?
A - James Mulva: The stock based compensation is dependent upon obviously to some extent the stock price. And there’s some accretion numbers that are applied to a variety of factors, including the demographics of the participants. I don’t have that number in my…
Q - Mark Flannery, Credit Suisse First Boston: I guess what I’m trying to get to is an idea of what net share repurchase is going to be. I assume the billion dollars that we’re talking about today is a gross number which will be somewhat offset by increases in shares for compensation purposes?
A - James Mulva: Yes, sure. We can get that for you.
Q - Mark Flannery, Credit Suisse First Boston: OK, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Gentlemen, your final question comes from Bruce Lanni from AG Edwards.
Q – Bruce Lanni, AG Edwards: Good morning, gentlemen. Good quarter. Listen, I may have missed it in your prepared comments, but can you provide any further information of why the carryover for R&M – the turnaround cost – is going to be so high in Q2? Then I had a follow up on the comments Jim talked about on the asset sales and divestitures. I understand in the scheme of things they’re not meaningful to the overall size of the company, but are the numbers for the production and the reserves factored into the growth profile you provided us? And about – if you could – what percentage of production or reserves do you plan to sell?
A - James Mulva: First of all, we don’t really know. We’ve got a number of assets that we’re going to test the market on. We know that the market’s pretty good, but I would say this: that it’s a very nominal amount of production and impact on reserves. And to say anything more than that is not really fair, I’d be saying more than what we ultimately will do. It’s not fair with respect to the company itself internally, because we are just trying to communicate that we’d see several billion dollars of upstream/downstream and cumulative asset dispositions. So it’s going to have a very minimal impact on reserves, production and a very modest impact on net income. I think the other question was the turnaround costs, Bruce. They were $163 million in Q1 and we increased the total turnaround costs for the year from $350 million to $385 million, by about $35 million. That in part would do some – the costs in the first quarter were higher than we expected. And we do expect some increase through the balance of the year. Q2, I don’t recall, but it’s not materially higher than what we previously forecast.
A - John Carrig: No, it’s exactly what we forecast. In fact, it’s not unusual to have a heavy Q1 and then a semi-heavy Q2 which is exactly what we have.
Bruce Lanni, AG Edwards: OK. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question and answer session. I would now like to hand the presentation back to Mr. Gary Russell for closing remarks.
Gary Russell: Thank you, and we want to thank everyone who participated this morning for your interest in ConocoPhillips and remind you that the presentation material that was used today, along with the replay of the webcast of this teleconference, will be available on our website, you can find that at www.conocophillips.com. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Russell, General Manager, IR   James Mulva, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer   John Carrig, EVP of Finance, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Douglas Terreson, Morgan Stanley   Paul Sankey, Deutsche Bank   Neil McMahon, Sanford Bernstein   Nicole Decker, Bear Stearns   Gene Gillespie, Howard Weil   Mark Flannery, Credit Suisse First Boston   Doug Leggate, Citigroup   Paul Cheng, Lehman Brothers   Mark Gilman, Benchmark Capital   Jennifer Rowland, JP Morgan
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Gary Russell, General Manager, IR: Thanks Joan. And good morning, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips fourth quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO, and John Carrig, our Executive Vice President of Finance and CFO. During today's call, we will be referring to presentation material, which will help us more fully discuss our fourth-quarter financial and operating performance. This presentation is designed to give you a better understanding of the factors that had a significant impact on the quarter's results and can be found on our website: www.conocophillips.com. Also on page two, you can see and read our Safe Harbor statement. It says among other things that in response to your questions and in our prepared remarks, we will be making forward-looking statements. The actual results may differ materially from those that we expect today. You can find a list of items that could cause these changes to occur in our filings with the SEC. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.
James Mulva, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer: Gary, thank you and good morning. I appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call and taking an interest in our company. I am going to start on slide number three, titled "Highlights." You can see from the highlights the Company had another strong quarter. It generated 3.8 billion in income from continuing operations. This is about 100 million higher than our net income, because of a small loss in discontinued operations and an accounting change, which we will discuss a little bit later in the presentation. Our cash flow from operations was $4.7 million, so with these strong results we're able to fund the capital program and continue to strengthen our balance sheet and our financial flexibility. During the quarter, we reduced our debt by $1 billion to $12.5 billion. As a result, our debt ratio went down 2% from 21% to 19%. For the whole year of 2005, our debt reduction was about $2.5 billion. Also during the quarter, we bought back $759 million worth of common shares, bringing the total repurchases for 2005 to $1.9 billion. During the fourth quarter, we produced 1.88 million BOE a day. This includes 1.59 million BOE per day from our E&P segment, and an estimated 0.29 million BOE a day from our LUKOIL investment segment. With respect to Refining & Marketing, our refineries ran at 88% crude processing capability. That's down 7 percentage points from last quarter. This essentially relates to the impact of the Gulf Coast hurricanes. Our average diluted shares outstanding compared to the last quarter were down a little bit, was down to 1.407 billion shares. If we look at our adjusted return on capital employed, you'll see on the subsequent slide it's quite competitive with the largest companies in the industry. So I am now moving from slide number three to the fourth slide: Contribution & Capital employed. On the left-hand side of the slide, you see the pie chart. It illustrates proportion of income from continuing operations that our business segments generated during the whole year of 2005. If you look on the right, it shows a percentage of average capital employed for each segment of the year 2005. So what you can see is that E&P generated 60% of the company's full-year 2005 income, but represented 57% of average capital employed. With respect to Refining & Marketing, we generated 30% of our income, and R&M at 29% of average company's capital employed. Then we put together Midstream & Chemicals joint ventures on a combined basis generated 5% of income, represents 4% of capital employed. And then LUKOIL generated 5% of our income and represents 7% of average capital employed. I'm going to go to slide number five: Total Company Net Income, when we compare the fourth quarter to the third quarter of '05. And what you can see is that the total company income from continuing operations in the fourth quarter of '05 was about $3.8 billion, pretty close to the previous quarter. We realized higher worldwide natural gas prices, stronger downstream marketing margin and somewhat better chemical margins and better midstream results. Now, these favorable items were somewhat offset by lower realized crude prices and lower refining margins. The net effect of all of this improved our earnings by $270 million compared to the previous quarter as shown in the first green part on the left-hand side of the slide. Now, the fourth-quarter earnings also benefit as a result of higher volume, particularly our mainly from our E&P part of the company. And that's had a positive impact to earnings of $200 million. You can see our earnings continue to be impaired by the impact of the hurricanes, and we're going to give you more information on this as we go through our presentation. In addition, our operating expense in the fourth quarter was $176 million higher than the third quarter and this is driven primarily by higher utility costs. We did have higher refining turnaround costs, and then we had the impact of higher production and the cost of higher production in E&P. Again, we will talk about this more on subsequent slides. Other factors impacting the fourth quarter included higher DD&A, higher exploration costs, somewhat or partially offset by improved corporate results. And not included in the income from continuing operations in the fourth quarter was an $88 million charge, that's largely attributed to Refining & Marketing. And this is related to the cumulative effect from the adoption of a new accounting rule, FIN 47. This accounting rule relates to asset retirement obligations. Now also, our discontinued operations generated a loss of $15 million, that's mainly related to the marketing assets that remained held for sale. When you combine all these items with income from continuing operations our bottom-line net income in the fourth quarter is about $3.7 billion. I'm going on to slide number six: total company cash flow in the fourth quarter. So you can see, on the left-hand side of the slide, cash from operations of $4.7 billion. We started the quarter with $2.8 billion in cash. We did make some pretty large domestic and international tax payments in early part of the fourth quarter, and that impacted the starting cash balance. Capital expenditures and investments amounted to about $3 billion during the quarter. Included in this number was $637 million for the acquisition of another 1.3% of LUKOIL shares. We paid $429 million in dividends and reduced debt $981 million. We spent $734 million in net share repurchases. Through the entire year 2005, we purchased 32.1 million shares of our stock for about $1.9 billion. So, after you consider all the other sources and usage of cap, the cash balance decreased $589 million during the quarter. I'm going on now to slide number seven. Pie charts provide sources and usage of available funds and cash flow for the whole year of 2005. And the pie chart on the left that shows cash available of $18.4 billion, of which 96% is cash availability, which really generate from operations. The chart on the right shows that 63% of our available cash or $11.6 billion is used to fund our capital investment programs. We continue to reinvest a significant part of our cash flow right back into the growth and development of our businesses. The remaining 37% or around $6.8 billion of available cash was used to fund dividends, pay down debt and repurchase stock. With respect to the net income for the year and in LUKOIL also what we made in investments to grow and develop the business line of the company, we essentially reinvested 86% of our net income back into the growth and development of our businesses. I am moving on now to slide number eight, Net Ratio Improvement. You see we continue to strengthen our financial position and resultant debt-to-capital ratio of the fourth quarter. The pie chart on the left shows our equities growing to $53.9 billion. Total equity growth for the year 2005 was $10.1 billion; that's about 23% increase from '04 to '05. Balance sheet debt was reduced $12.5 billion through the year, and our debt ratio now is 19%. Obviously, on the completion of the previously announced Burlington Resources acquisition, we will see our balance sheet debt-to-capital ratio rise in accordance and consistent with the terms of the transaction. I'm going to move on to slide number nine. You can see our realized gas prices are up 24% from the previous quarter. That means it's up to about $7.94 Mcf. Oil prices fell 6% to $53.05 a barrel. Our E&P production in the fourth quarter was 4.5% higher than the previous quarter, and this is just what we expected. The fourth quarter has averaged 1.59 million BOE a day. For the full year of '05, our production averaged 1.56 million BOE per day; that's flat with '04, and it's just what we expected and put out on our interim results earlier this month. Exploration expenses for the quarter were higher, mainly due to higher dry hole costs and lease impairments. Operating costs were higher, and I'll show more detail on this in subsequent slide. I'm going to slide ten now: Total Company Production. The slide shows a sequential variance in production from one quarter to the next. We saw higher production from the UK and Alaska; this is primarily due to reduced planned and non-planned downtime and seasonality as well as higher gas production realized from Indonesia. That comes from higher demand on production supply in Indonesia. We also saw that production in Venezuela was down quarter to quarter, primarily due to the planned upgrader turnaround at Petrozuata. And then we had some impacts from the other production operations, which increased fourth-quarter production about 6,000 BOE a day versus the third quarter. Then when you add the 293,000 BOE per day of LUKOIL production to the E&P segment production, you get up to the total for the company of 1.883 million BOE a day. I'm going now to slide eleven. The E&P income from continuing operations in the fourth quarter shown on the slide was $2.4 billion; that's up from $2.3 billion the previous quarter, which you see on the left-hand slide side of the slide. Our fourth-quarter results were $128 million higher than the third quarter, mainly due to higher natural gas prices. This was somewhat offset by the negative impact of $197 million mart-to-market valuation on certain natural gas contracts in the United Kingdom, as well as lower realized oil prices in the quarter. In addition in the fourth quarter income improved $199 million due to higher sales volume, which resulted from higher production and the timing of our crude oil liftings. We indicated earlier our exploration costs were higher, developing an $88 million lower income than the third quarter, of which $40 million is due to higher dry holes, $48 million is due to lease impairments and exit costs. Our E&P operating expenses were negatively impacted by $60 million quarter-to-quarter, mainly due to the impact of higher natural gas price of operating costs as well as higher overall production volumes, the cost of those higher production volumes than we had in the third quarter. Other items that negatively impacted the fourth quarter versus third quarter were higher DD&A, mainly as a result of higher production. And we had somewhat lower equity earnings due to lower realized crude oil prices and higher taxes. I'm going to page 12 now, going from upstream to Refining & Marketing. Our Refining & Marketing earnings for the quarter were negatively impacted by lower worldwide refining margins. In the United States, our fourth-quarter realized crack spread declined $1.90 a barrel to $12.71 a barrel. Our international realized crack spread declined $1.71 a barrel to $8.73 a barrel. Our turnaround costs were $86 million in the fourth quarter; that's up $33 million from the third quarter. Our utility costs were higher as a result of higher natural gas prices. In the US our refinery system ran at 85% of crude processing capacity. That's down from 93% in the third quarter. And this just really reflects the impact of the hurricanes. Our international refining system ran 102% of crude processing capacity, slightly higher than the third quarter. Overall, our worldwide refining system ran at 88% of crude capacity, down 7% from the previous quarter, primarily the result of the impact of the hurricanes. Refining & Marketing earnings benefited this quarter from better worldwide marketing margins. US marketing’s average margin improved $2.34 a barrel. That's from $0.18 a barrel in the third quarter to $2.52 a barrel in the fourth quarter. With respect to international marketing, the average margin went up $1.82 a barrel, so it went up from $6.80 a barrel in the third quarter to $8.62 a barrel in the fourth quarter. I'm moving to slide number 13. Our downstream generated about $1.1 billion of income from continuing operations in the fourth quarter. Now, that's down from $1.4 billion you see on the left-hand side of the slide. Our lower worldwide crack spreads were somewhat or quite a bit offset by higher worldwide marketing results, contributing to $11 million reduction in the fourth quarter income versus the third quarter. As you move across the slide, the volume and cost impact of the hurricanes on our US Gulf Coast refineries decreased our net income by $240 million. Now, our Alliance refinery was down for the whole quarter. We have restarted partial operations, and we expect to be in full operations by the end of the first quarter of '06. Other factors contributing to lower sequential earnings in the fourth quarter include higher turnaround costs, higher taxes, higher utility costs and somewhat higher DD&A. I'm moving to slide 14, which is kind of a summary or bar chart showing a comparison of earnings in the fourth quarter of '05 and then we’ll go through this chart. It shows the relative contributions of our downstream segments during the fourth quarter, as well as for the full year of '05. You see most of our earnings are coming from Refining, but you also see some significant improvement in our Marketing results for the fourth quarter. I'm just going to give you; you might want to tabulate this, where the earnings of $1.056 billion came from in the fourth quarter. First on Refining, in the fourth quarter of '05, US Refining earned $647 million. International was $171 million, so the total was $818. In Marketing in the fourth quarter, earnings $144 million in the US, $60 million internationally, total is $204 million. Then if you look at the total Refining & Marketing, in the United States it was $805 million. Refining & Marketing internationally was $251 million, so you get total, you get the $1.056 billion. I'm moving on to slide fifteen to talk about the LUKOIL Investment. We continue to increase our ownership; it was up by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. At the end of the year, 16.1%, so our average ownership in the fourth quarter was 15.5%. Our estimated equity earnings in the fourth quarter from the LUKOIL Investment was $189 million, which is $78 million lower than in the previous quarter, this estimated reduction is mainly the result of lower crude oil prices, higher taxes in the fourth quarter somewhat offset by a slight adjustment, a true-up when we realized and saw the third-quarter results ultimately reported recently by LUKOIL. I'm going to slide sixteen now, the Midstream & Chemicals. You can see the earnings for the Midstream business, $147 million. That's up from $88 million in the third quarter. The sequential increase in earnings is primarily a result of natural gas liquids prices and associated impact on inventories in terms of our chemicals joint venture, income increased to $114 million in the fourth quarter; that's up from $13 million in the third quarter. And the contributing factors were higher olefins, polyolefins margins as well as recovery from hurricane-related impacts in the third quarter. Now, all of our joint venture CPC chemical operations, hurricane-affected facilities, resumed operations during the quarter with all but two of the facilities fully operational in the first week of October 2005. I'm going from slide sixteen now to slide seventeen to look at the corporate. You can see the corporate segment, the impact on continuing operations, a loss of $150 million in the fourth quarter and a loss of $242 million in the third quarter, shown on the left-hand side of the slide. And that interest expense was $9 million more than the previous quarter. Corporate overhead was $49 million lower, and that's mainly due to reduced benefit compensation-related charges. Other factors, which include positive foreign exchange impacts, improved the results by $34 million. I'm going to slide eighteen: Return on Capital Employed. The numbers for our peer group are not yet available for the fourth quarter or for the full year of '05, so when we talk about the peer group, we are really talking about the publicly-traded companies that are larger than ConocoPhillips. Now, our return on capital employed continues to be quite competitive with the largest companies in the industry. In the fourth quarter, our return on capital employed with certain transactions adjusted for purchase accounting, it was 33%. For the full year, our ROCE with certain transactions adjusted for purchase accounting and excluding DEFS restructuring was 31%, although we did see strong commodity prices and margins. We did operate quite well. This has had quite a good impact, in terms of return on capital employed. If you look at the different segment pieces in getting the 31% ROCE for the year, E&P did 39%, Refining & Marketing 34%, Midstream & Chemicals combined 28% and LUKOIL 17% and the total was 31%. Going to the last slide that we have in the presentation, slide number nineteen is the outlook. Basically, our strategy, objectives, finance goals we laid out in our operating and capital plans consistent, remained unchanged. We did see the continuing impact from the hurricanes as we went through the fourth quarter. We're quite pleased that we have reached agreement with Burlington Resources; confident in the new opportunities it provides our respective companies and our shareholders. The integration teams composed of our employees in both companies are working to transition details aggressively and thoroughly, and we continue to anticipate completing the transaction in the first half of 2006. We're also pleased to resume our partnership with the people in the State of Libya. This relationship provides a strong basis for us to invest in our line goals. We increased reserves of production and the training and development of our Libyan workforce. In December, we announced our participation in the Qatargas 3 LNG project. And when fully operational, it certainly is going to help meet global energy demand, especially in the United States. Our Darwin LNG plant has commenced production. It's on target to start LNG delivery here shortly, certainly in the first quarter of '06. Our incremental US Refining & Marketing investment program of $4 to $5 billion over the next five or six years is going to result, as you've seen in our prior presentations in enhanced capacity and increased refining flexibility. You also know we recently announced the acquisition about the Thanksgiving time period of the Wilhelmshaven refinery in Germany. You see that it provides us a good opportunity to further enhance our position in Europe and strengthens our ability to supply products to key export markets. We expect this acquisition to close here in the first quarter. We continue to grow and develop the business lines of our company. Our plans are to invest about $14 billion in 2006. The $14 billion includes the investment that we see will bring us up to our ownership in LUKOIL from 16.1% at the end of '05 to 20% at the end of '06. That really concludes the slides and the opening comments and presentation I wanted to go through. So I think Gary, John and myself we are ready to open up for questions, and we will do our best to respond to your questions. Thanks.
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Douglas Terreson: Good morning, Jim, and congratulations on a record fourth quarter.
A - James Mulva: Thank you, Doug.
Q - Douglas Terreson: In Refining & Marketing, on slide 13, you mentioned that hurricanes and high utility costs affected profits by over $300 million in the quarter, which is obviously pretty significant even for a company your size. And on this point, I wanted to see if we could get some clarification on the specific expenses that are included in those two components of the chart, and also whether you have an estimate of what the opportunity costs might have been related to the hurricane effects from the quarter that is with the lines being down.
A - James Mulva: Yeah I think John Carrig is going to answer that one.
Q - Douglas Terreson: Okay.
A - John Carrig: Yes, on an after-tax basis, if you just take the volumes quarter over quarter, we estimate that about $183 million was volume and margin-related from the downtime, and then there's about $55 million - $53 million or so of after-tax maintenance costs associated with Lake Charles in the line.
Q - Douglas Terreson: Okay. Also, on the Mackenzie Delta pipeline project, it appears as if significant progress has been made with respect to the native peoples and the Canadian government since your November analyst meeting. And so on that point, I wanted to see if you guys considered the progress to be meaningful as well, that is whether or not you believe that this thing is back on track, and also whether or not you think it can really be from the transition to the design – from the design to the construction phase during the next 12 months or so, and if not, what you consider to be the major obstacles at this point?
A - James Mulva: Well Doug, yes, we do believe that progress is being made compared to what we saw and went through in 2000 and earlier parts of 2005. It's very important for us and for our company to really aggressively pursue and push this because we need the resources and we need to develop this. We also know that’s important from a Canadian perspective that we get this pipeline and this project going as quickly as possible. We want to make sure that this pipeline goes -- it really needs to go and it's ready to go before the Alaska gas pipeline.
Q - Douglas Terreson: Okay
A - James Mulva: And so we want to see Mackenzie Delta project go forward first and then followed by the Alaska gas pipeline. So yes progress is being made, and I think we're going to see this thing really move forward as we go through 2006 and our company, along with the other producers are doing everything we can to make this happen.
Q - Douglas Terreson: Okay, thanks a lot. Okay great thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Q - Paul Sankey: Hi good morning gentlemen.
A - James Mulva: Good morning.
Q - Paul Sankey: Relative to the various moving parts we've had since the analyst meeting for '06 volumes, I wondered if you could either reiterate what the growth rate you expect to be in '06. As far as I remember, it was a 6% growth off the base that you talked back in November. Specifically, I was thinking about any impacts from Venezuela, from the UK tax changes and, of course, from Libya and anything else I've missed? Thanks.
A - James Mulva: Well frankly, you pointed out all the various things, from one period of time to the next, seem to be moving around. But we feel pretty confident that what we said back in November, in terms of our production objectives for '06 remain valid. So even we have some things that will positively or negatively impact us, we still feel very strong about what we said in November.
Q - Paul Sankey: So we should just think it would be 6% outlook? Because I think the full-year number here for '05 has come in pretty much exactly in line with what you said it would?
A - James Mulva: Yes. Our number for '06, I think, Gary -- I can't recall exactly
A - Gary Russell: I think it was 650, I think was the number
A - James Mulva: 1.65 million, and that’s excludes LUKOIL.
Q - Paul Sankey: Yeah and without wanting to get too involved here, I guess there's some margin implications from the replacements of, say, for example, Libya volumes, UK volumes with Libya volumes. Is there any comment that you could make about that?
A - James Mulva: No really not at this point.
Q - Paul Sankey: Okay great thanks. Is there anything, and again, you may not want to answer this, and I appreciate that. But if you could say anything else about your turnaround schedule, or at least what has been going on so far this year and how it looks for '06, that would be very helpful?
A - James Mulva: Well, I think we pretty well gave our views on turnaround of cost when we had our presentation in November, analyst presentation. But on the other hand, we do know that for the industry there's a lot of turnaround that is taking place during the first quarter and it’s the result of some of the deferrals and delays on turnaround, as a result of keeping supplies up in the United States as a result of the hurricanes last year. So it has some impact on us as well but I don't know; John, you have anything further to say?
A - John Carrig: In the outlook, we indicated that the volumes would be relatively flat in the first quarter of 2006 for us, in the outlook section of the earnings release. So that's indicative of the kind of activity we are going to be having.
Q - Paul Sankey: Great thanks. And the last one for me is just on the LUKOIL announcement this morning. I wondered if you had anything to add on the major announcement they made?
A - James Mulva: No obviously as a shareholder of LUKOIL we are quite pleased with these kinds of announcements and they really are enjoying some very positive exploration success, and we work closely with them, and really nothing further that I can say other than congratulations on good exploration success.
Q - Paul Sankey: Great thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neil McMahon with Bernstein.
Q - Neil McMahon: Hi, just a few questions really around the CapEx. When you did the Burlington deal, you had in CapEx and other in your cash flow estimates there $17.2 billion for 2006 and $15.4 billion for 2007. Just wondering do you have an updated number on that including Libya because it looks like Libya was not included within 2005 CapEx numbers?
A - John Carrig: The number that Jim mentioned of $14 billion, reflects about a $700 million increase in CapEx associated with Libya for 2006.
Q - Neil McMahon: Okay. And John, just on that, I'm sort of presuming as you are taking the CapEx hit in 2006, you won't be able to book any of the reserves associated with Libya in your 2005 reserve replacement rate? And do you have any guidance on the reserve replacement for '05 yet?
A - John Carrig: No, we are continuing to apply our reserve management process, and we are not prepared at this point but we'll have an announcement out probably mid-February. We are not prepared to indicate whether we expect to book reserves for Libya or any other country right now.
A - James Mulva: Reserves are either going to be in '05 or '06.
A - John Carrig: Yes, they will be one or the other but -- we consult with our experts including our auditors.
A - James Mulva: I think what John is saying is we haven't yet really come down on this, and you can expect us to comment on where it's booked for all of our results later this month or early in February but we’ll come out with reserve replacement and what the numbers are and what's included in that here in a couple weeks.
Q - Neil McMahon: Okay good. So there's no sort of hard and fast rule that it has to be booked at the same time as your CapEx spend, is sort of where I was going with it. And then, just lastly, given the change in the tax rate in the UK, have you got any – like in terms of like CapEx numbers, have you thought about changing your activity in the UK and how you look at the UK in terms of investments there going forward? And really, maybe Jim, just a viewpoint of where does the UK sort of stand now, when you start to think about the world and future opportunities for investment? Thanks.
A - James Mulva: A few things, we have a number of projects underway that we are committed to, and we are certainly going to complete those projects. In terms of future investments, it's a pretty mature province. And we don't think that this most recent announcement on change in taxation as have other companies responded already, is not going to be very helpful for looking at new investment and encouraging you to making the marginal investments to add some incremental capacity. But anything that we've already approved and committed to, we are going to carry out and do. It's a pretty mature province and not very helpful to adding the incremental capacity that might come along.
Q - Neil McMahon: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicole Decker with Bear Stearns.
Q - Nicole Decker: Good morning, my questions are on the downstream, primarily. One, on the German refinery, any guidance as to what the potential income contribution might look like in 2006?
A - James Mulva: Well, in terms of the German refinery, obviously it's going to depend upon when we complete the transaction but we think we will have it done certainly in the first quarter. So we get the results of this for maybe three quarters of the year. We are not going to see the real strong financial results of this until we upgrade the refinery for deep conversion. That's going to take investments over a number of years. So it's a rather modest income and return for the investment but we have made this acquisition and we are making the deep conversion investment that’s something developing a strategic legacy asset that will be in place here four or five years from now. We are quite pleased with it but it's going to have modest returns and will go up and down with what you would expect of a Northern Europe refinery; it doesn't have the sophistication that we would like it to have when we complete our investment program. And you'll see the financial results are rather modest until we do complete that deep conversion.
Q - Nicole Decker: Okay and when would we expect to hear results or progress on negotiations with Saudi Arabia at the Yanbu?
A - James Mulva: You are talking, okay on the new grassroots refinery.
Q - Nicole Decker: Yes.
A - James Mulva: We continue to work and talk with Saudi Aramco, and I think it's just premature at this point in time. We don't have any more information that we have or are prepared to disclose at this point in time. But we are certainly very interested in the project, and hopefully this will become an opportunity for investment, we talk more about in the marketplace, should we be selected to go forward on this project?
Q - Nicole Decker: And finally, on the Lithuania refinery, is it fair to assume that you are not participating in the bidding process?
A - James Mulva: No, I think what we've done is, we along with LUKOIL submitted a bid a number of months ago. We were informed that our bid was not competitive, and so as a result we have kind of withdrawn into the background. And, should this opportunity ever come back to us, we would be interested in. But I think there are some other companies that might have a more aggressive bid that Lithuanians may be talking to but we'd be interested in it, but we’ve really put this in the backburner at this point in time.
Q - Nicole Decker: Okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Gene Gillespie with Howard Weil.
Q - Gene Gillespie: Jim congratulations on a great year.
A - James Mulva: Thank you, Gene.
Q - Gene Gillespie: You guys are spending a lot of money. You spent a lot of money last year; you're spending a lot of money going forward. I guess my question is, how sensitive is particularly your 2006 E&P budget to the dramatic rise in service costs and that relationship to commodity prices?
A - James Mulva: Well Gene, good point. I can't recall the exact percentages but obviously we are seeing quite a bit of pressure in terms of the cost side of operations and maintaining production. And we also see that for the large capital programs and all that we carry on going forward on the capital side of the business, cost pressures as well, the availability of contractors, costs. They are not as aggressive in terms of lump sum as they were in the past. So you see fewer lump sum bids and more bids that are cost plus. And the impact to us as an industry both for operations and for the capital program, is cost pressure upward. And we indicated what we thought those numbers were in terms of our November presentation by E&P to the financial community up in New York. I don't think that has really abated much at all. And so it's going to push in terms of higher finding and development costs ultimately, operating costs on the industry. So I can't really say too much more other than a confirmation of what we said in November.
Q - Gene Gillespie: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Flannery with Credit Suisse.
Q - Mark Flannery: Hi, a simple question on the corporate charge. What should we expect for guidance going forward on that number?
A - James Mulva: I think you should expect somewhere $175 million to $200 million a quarter.
Q - Mark Flannery: Right, so back to sort of the previous run rate, as it were?
A - John Carrig: Well, we indicated in November we thought it would be around 660, and that would equate to around 165. That continues to be our guidance.
Q - Mark Flannery: Great, okay thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Leggate with Citigroup.
Q - Doug Leggate: Thank you, hi good morning guys. Guidance on the tax rate going forward, John Carrig, if you may, thinking more, thinking specifically about the impact of the UK changes? And I have a follow-up if that's okay.
A - John Carrig: Well, the UK changes, should they be enacted, I mean, if they’re, assuming they are enacted, we would expect that sometime in the second – midyear. And overall, that would increase the marginal rate in the UK by about 9.5%. So that would have an overall impact on the total company but I would say we are still between 40% and 50% on a total company basis. And a lot of that depends on the price and the mix of earnings.
Q - Doug Leggate: Would that number include the impact of Libya? I know it's kind of a little bit convoluted but net-net, I guess the incremental tax rate would go up because of the contribution from Libya. Is that fair?
A - John Carrig: The government take goes up. I don't have a good, firm number for you on how much of that is taxes, and how much of that is other government take but we will come back to you on that. That's a good question and a good point.
Q - Doug Leggate: Okay thanks. My follow-up is also on Libya. Jim, just as a point of clarity, the production guidance for 2006 -- I'm assuming you guys get somewhere around 45,000 barrels per day net out of Libya. So does the guidance change as a result of that contribution, or does that already include Libya?
A - James Mulva: No, everything is included in our guidance we gave in November. We assumed that we were going to get some production hopefully, out of Libya. We concluded our agreement in the latter part of the year, so there's no change in our guidance of what we said in November.
Q - Doug Leggate: That was great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Cheng with Lehman Brothers.
Q - Paul Cheng: Thank you, couple of quick questions. Jim, oftentimes there's a lot of debate talking about whether the company should hedge or not to hedge. Given your big reinvestment in Burlington Resources, can you just strategically talking about also on what's your view on that subject, whether you are inclined more towards the hedging or that not at all?
A - James Mulva: Well, we’ve heard quite a bit of feedback when we announced the Burlington acquisition about hedging. And we indicated that we would give this a real thorough look, which we have been doing and are in the process. We have not put in place any hedging at this point in time. We continue to look at it. There are three aspects of it that I would say about hedging. First of all, you have to look at what is the cost of hedging. Then you have to ask yourself, can you put in place a really good hedge? Because you know that the production of gas has a differential, basis differential. We have to be concerned about what is the cost of hedging? Can you put in place a really good, clean hedge? Next, you have to be looking at there is a marketplace there, does it have the depth and the duration, which ties also back to the cost. And then the last point is we have to be careful also about financial reporting. Do we so distort, from one quarter to the next, the financial results of the Company such that they are so impacted by movements in the valuation of mark-to-market on hedging? So for all of these reasons, it's a more complex subject than the initial question might be. So we haven't put anything in place. And you know our bias historically is we don't do any hedging of oral/gas production or crack spreads. But we are looking at it, we are studying it. But I think any thought that we would put in place, a significant hedging of all of the production of Burlington or in the duration or period of time is really unlikely.
Q - Paul Cheng: Very good, Jim, if I could I just two more questions, one in Asia, I think in your presentation back in November, Jim Nokes was talking about he would like to expand the exposure in Asia. When we are looking at Asia, are you guys interested in sort of the merchant refining operation, or that you will be interested more in an integrated system? And is there any particular countries that it would be monumental (ph) or not? The last question is the nature of Venezuela. From time to time, we have heard some rumor or news coming out from that country, talking about changing the upgrading project, actually Jim gave more in line with the 2001 hydrocarbon more. I'm wondering if you guys have been contacted by the government on a similar subject?
A - James Mulva: Well, first, with respect to Asia, Jim Nokes indicated -- he's right. Our company is quite interested in seeing how we can enhance our position in Asia on the refining side of the business.
Q - Paul Cheng: But not in marketing? Well, you know, it could be in marketing, but the primary emphasis is on the refining side. And some of the objectives we have is that we like the business, we would like to tie it back, if we can, to our own existing production in the area. That gives you the integrated aspect. Also, we look at it, from a business development point of view, how could we make investments ourselves or with strategic partners in a way that could tie back to feedstock, whether it's coming up from the Middle East, coming from Asia or potentially even coming from Russia. So we look at all of those potential opportunities, and I think we are quite interested in doing that. But it has to have -- we are not just buying a merchant refinery. We' d like to make sure it has some relevance to our own production and operations, as well as to our strategic partners. And we are already very concerned and interested in making sure that we know where the feedstock is coming from for the long term, so that ties you back to those producing kind of areas. With respect to Venezuela, obviously, as we have to heavy oil projects, Petrozuata (ph) and Hamaca, we have read the same information that you have. But no real discussions and negotiations between ourselves and the Ministry and it's one of those things that I need to be and plan to be in Venezuela talking about here pretty soon.
Q - Paul Cheng: Very good, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Gilman with Benchmark Capital.
Q - Mark Gilman: Jim, John, Gary good morning. Couple of specific things, there's reference in the earnings release to inventory impact in the midstream. I wonder if you could qualify what that was in the fourth quarter?
A - John Carrig: I think it was on the order of $25 million to $30 million, and it related to both physical sales, as well as to the mark-to-market on some contracts to get mark-to-market.
Q - Mark Gilman: And that's after tax, John?
A - John Carrig: Yes, I believe that's after tax.
Q - Mark Gilman: Okay, you also, Jim made a comment about the mark-to-market impact in terms of the UK gas contracts, $197 million. Is that an after-tax number? And what did that number look like in prior quarters?
A - John Carrig: Yes, that's an after-tax number. Regarding the prior quarters, it's moved around, but I –
A - James Mulva: Pretty small.
A - John Carrig: Okay, it's pretty small.
Q - Mark Gilman: Okay I noticed that in the fourth quarter, both in international as well as Alaska, we saw a very significant jump in DD&A. Could you give us some color as to what is causing that effect in both those regions?
A - James Mulva: Alaska, I'd have to come back to you on it. It's increased production, I believe, in Alaska, in part due to seasonality; it had good volume performance. As well as internationally, as well, I think it's more to do with increased production. We went from 15.20 to 15.60 or so, something like that.
A - John Carrig: 15.90.
Q - Mark Gilman: Yeah, my calculations, John, suggest it's the unit rate that's going up, not just the total dollar rate.
A - James Mulva: I can get back with Jason online on that, Mark. There's nothing that's unique or attributed to a single area or to a single as asset, I don't think, John.
A - John Carrig: That's correct.
Q - Mark Gilman: Okay one another if I could. In the S-4 that you filed regarding Burlington, I assume that there was a particular price deck that you had assumed with respect to the purchase price allocation. Can you give me some idea as to what that was, and what adjustments might occur if the price were to be different from that assumption, in terms of the allocation as published in the S-4?
A - James Mulva: As you know, Mark, the S-4 is filed but not yet effective, and we are really not in a position to discuss what the filing was until we become effective. And we would be happy to engage in dialogue after it becomes effective.
Q - Mark Gilman: Okay, very good thanks a lot guys.
Operator: And you last question comes from Jennifer Rowland with JP Morgan.
Q - Jennifer Rowland: Thanks, just a question on reserve replacement. I know you said it might be a bit premature. But do you have any sense yet whether or not you would be able to re-book the reserves related to Surmont that you had to take off last year?
A - James Mulva: Our expectation is we would not re-book those. That's just based on the price information that I have, that was available at year-end. But I don't believe we would. But that, again, is subject to our final determination.
Q - Jennifer Rowland: Okay and then just another quick, you may have (inaudible) I missed that, I apologize, but where is Alliance refinery now in the restart process? And when do you expect that to be at full run?
A - James Mulva: No we have started, we have already started the process of restarting, and we expect to have it in full operation by the end of the first quarter.
Q - Jennifer Rowland: Okay thanks.
A - James Mulva: Thank you.
Gary Russell, General Manager, IR: Okay, good. We do appreciate your interest and your participation this morning in our conference call. I want to remind you that you can find the earnings release and all supplemental information, as well as the slides that we walked through this morning, on our webpage, conocophillips.com. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2005 Q3  (2005-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the third quarter Conoco Philips earnings conference call my name is Jane and I will be your coordinator for today.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question and answers session towards the end of today’s conference.  If at anytime during the call you require assistance, please press “*” followed by “0” and a coordinator will be happy to assist you.  I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s conference Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please precede Sir,
Gary Russell: Thanks Jane.  Good morning and welcome to the Conoco Philips third quarter earnings conference call.  I’m here today with James Mulva, our chairman and CEO and John Carrig EVP finance and CFO.  During today’s call we will be referring to presentation material which will help us more fully to discuss our third quarter financial and operating performance.  This presentation is designed to give you a better understanding of the factors that have a significant impact on this quarters results and could be found on our website conocophillips.com. On page two you can see and read our safe harbor statement.  It says among other things that in response to your questions and in our prepared remarks we will be making forward looking statements actual results may differ materially from those we expect today.  A list of items that could cause these changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC.  With that said, I would like to turn the call over to our chairman and CEO of Conoco Philips, Jim Mulva.
James Mulva: Garry, thank you and I also want to thank every one for joining us today in our third quarter earnings conference call, we all appreciate your interest in our company and I am going to start my comments page 3. You can see from the highlights side commenting at another strong quarter.  We generated $3.8 billion net income, $6.1 billion cash flow from operating activities and with the strong result we were able to fund the capital program and improve our financial strength flexibilities. We reduce the debt level at $516 million to$13.5 billion. Therefore our debt to capital ratio was down 1% from 22% to 21%.  During the third quarter, our U.S. Gulf Coast operations were significantly impacted by the hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Dennis. During the third quarter of ‘05 our E&P production missing excluding the LUKOIL segment was 1.52 million BOE a day.  And this 1.5 million BOE a day is consistent with our interim updates that we provided to you earlier this month. Our estimated share of LUKOIL’s production in the third quarter of 266,000 BOE a day as during the third quarter and reflects our increase equity ownership position. As done in past quarters we report net production and earnings using the equity accounting method under a separate LUKOIL’s investment segment for financial reporting. Earlier in the quarter we finalised our DEFS restructure into our ownership about 50%.  And refinery and marketing including hurricane impacts our refineries ran at 95% approved processing capacity that’s down 2% point from the last quarter, this is essentially relates to the impact of the hurricanes.  Our average diluted shares outstanding compared to the last quarter was flat at 1.42 billion shares and our adjusted return on capital employed continues to be very competitive with the largest companies in the industry.  We have a lot of Slides now we’ll go through to support all these numbers for further comments. So I am going to move out to page 4 which is contribution in capital employed, we put these in all of our past quarter presentation in the pie chart in the next side of this Slide illustrates proportionate of operating income that our business segments generated during the first three quarters of 2005. On the right hand side of this page it shows percentage of total capital employed with each segment as of the end of September 2005.  You can see E&P generated 59%, the companies first three quarters income from continuing operations well represented 56% of capital employed.  You can see the LUKOIL’s segment on the pie chart, more than half of that LUKOIL’s capital employed relates to E&P.  So if you would separate that out, our E&P adjusted in our capital employed would be right at 60 to 61%.  Refinery and marketing generated 32% of our income from continuing operations and had 29% of the companies capital employed. Chemicals generated on a combined basis generated 4% of income represents 5% of capital employed. Then for LUKOIL’s the first nine months earnings were 5% of our income and represents 7% of capital employed, we’ll talk about capital employed in this Slide.  I’ll just give you a few numbers, our E&P segment Capital Employed is about $35.7 billion, Midstream 1.7 million, Refinery and Marketing, $18.6, Chemicals $1.8 billion and the LUKOIL segments $4.7 billion.  That is the ending capital employed.  Now I am going to move on to Slide # 5 which talks about total company net income and compares with the third quarter of ’05 to the previous quarter in 05. So you can see this sequential quarterly comparison, income from continuing operations.  Higher worldwide realize all gas prices along with stronger worldwide refinery margins partially offset by the impact of high natural gas prices on inventory position, were the major sources of improvement which totaled $854 million in earnings compared to the previous quarter.  You can see our earnings were impaired by the impact of hurricanes on our volumes, we’ll see this in more detail as we go to the presentations. During the third quarter our DD&A were $48 million higher than the prior quarter. In addition, the impact of asset sales were $32 million lower this quarter than the previous quarter because the gains from the sale of certain assets in the second quarter didn’t occur in this quarter. We incurred early debt retirement premium of $42 million in this quarter, other impacts to our earnings for the quarter include lower turnaround cost which were more than offset by higher taxes and utility cost as well as impairment associated with the discontinuation of our marketing incentive program in the downstream. Result incomes from continuing operations was $3,804 billion, with this continued operations quite small amount generated loss of $4 million during the quarter, decreasing income quite high rate.  So I am moving now to Slide #6 which shows the total company cash flow in the third quarter of this year. As you can see cash from operations was $6.1 billion and we benefited from working capital changes approximately $2.4 billion in the third quarter mainly due to the timing of domestic, international tax payments, we make some domestic international tax payments for early part of the fourth quarter, so we expect this significant portion of this benefit will be offset in the fourth quarter since these payments were made. The capital expenditure and investments amounted to $3.6 billion during the quarter.  Included in these numbers were the acquisition of approximately 2.2% of LUKOIL shares and that represents a 838 million represents the increased ownership and restructuring of the Midstream DEFS.  We paid $430 million in dividends, and that reduced to 516 million, and was at 588 million repurchased in 9.4 million shares of a common stock.  Year-to-date we have repurchased now 20.9 million shares of our stock for $1.2 billion.  Now after including other sources, our cash balance increased approximately $1.3 billion during the quarter. Now I am going to move to the Slide #7 total company cash flow in September year-to-date and the pie chart will show you the sources used in the cash flow for the three quarters, hard on the left, total cash available was very close to $30.6 billion, 96% was generated from operations.  On the right hand side of the chart, it shows that 63% of our cash generated about $8.6 million used to fund our capital investment programs, it shows that we continue to reinvest a significant portion of our cash flow right back to growth and development of all our business.  The remaining 37% or about $5 billion in cash sources were spent from the dividends made on debt repurchase stock. So now I am going to go to Slide #8 ratio improvement, with the strong earnings cash flow, continuing to improve financial positions strength and flexibility our debt capital ratio throughout all these quarters for last several years.  The bar chart of the left shows the equity grew to $51.1 billion at the end of third quarter so for the nine months of this year our equity is up $7.2 billion or about 16%.  The balance-sheet debt is down to $13.5 billions so the ratio is now 21%. I am going to Slide #9, we are going to start talking few slides on exploration and production.  Our worldwide realized oil prices went up 21% from the previous quarter, the total up was $56.64 a barrel in the third quarter.  Our realized global gas prices up 16% to $6.38 per MCF.  E&P production in the third quarter was slightly lower than previous quarter down about 1% and that is 16,000 BOE a day and I’ll talk more about that in a moment.  The hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Dennis were the major contributors to oil production in the third quarter.  I’ll go through this more in subsequent slides, our exploration expenses were somewhat higher but has been constituent with our plans. I am going to go now to Slide #10 which just goes into total company production and compares the third quarter of ‘05 to the previous quarter, second quarter.  And you can see the sequential variance, compared to this past quarter we saw reduced production in the Lower 48 as a result of the hurricanes as well as oil production in Alaska and the United Kingdom due to planned and unplanned downtime.  For information purposes in Alaska the planned and unplanned downtime was about 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day, about 7,000 of that was planned and about 3000 was unplanned. In the U.K we had about 34,000 BOE a day that was down primarily attributed to Britannia.  About 30,000 BOE a day of the 34,000 BOE was planned and 4000 was unplanned.  Looking at the slide the reductions were almost offset by higher production from what we realized in the Timor Sea, Vietnam and our offshore Gulf Coast production Magnolia.  And then you have the 266,000 BOE a day of LUKOIL production to our E&P segment reporting production and you can see the total ramp for the company is 1.79 million BOE a day. I am going to the next Slide #11, we compare sequentially the net income for E&P.  And you can see in the third quarter it had increased $359 million dollars over the previous quarters so we are up at $2.3 billion.  To the benefit of higher realized commodity prices partially offset by the impact of higher natural gas prices.  Our inventory positions and increased production taxes as a result of a high commodity prices. All of this will improve this quarter’s income $487 million. Putting this in perspective, the higher crude oil prices accounted for nearly 80% of this improvement to one quarter to the next.  A higher DD&A reduced our E&P income about 48 million and our Lower productions as a result of the hurricanes further reduced our EMP income by $21 million.  Other factors that reduced our third quarter E&P income as compared to the higher quarter or higher taxes and utilities as well as the absence of favorable settlements in gains on asset sales that we had in the second quarter that did occur in the third quarter. I am going to Slide #12 we are now moving to refining and marketing.  We benefited this quarter from higher worldwide refining margins.  In the U.S. our third quarter realized spread rose $3.38 a barrel to a $14.61 a barrel and our international crack spread rose $1.65 a barrel to $10.44 a barrel.  In the U.S our refining system ran at 93% of stated capacity that down from 98% previous quarter.  It’s a century old as a result of the impact of hurricanes in our Gulf Coast refineries alliance by Charles Sweeney. Our international refining system ran just a little bit over stated capacity. U.S. wholesale and international marketing margins were significantly lower than the previous quarter and our turnaround expenses amounted to $53 million before tax during the third quarter.  And this is in line with our expectations and are $53 million lower than we realized and with turnaround expenses in the previous quarter. I am going to Slide #13 which is with comparison of refining income, net income the third quarter and over the second quarter.  And you could see we generated $1.4 billion net income during the third quarter, that’s up 25% from the prior quarter. The higher oil worldwide crack spreads partially offset by oil worldwide marketing margins that I spoke about earlier, resulted or contributed $339 million of increased net income from the second quarter to the third quarter.  The volume impact of the hurricanes on our U.S. Gulf Coast refineries decrease our net income by $103 million. The rest of our refining system ran quite well, running higher volumes than in the previous quarter and this led to an increased net income sequentially about $81 million.  There are a number of other facts to the sequential earnings, they include oil turnaround costs which are more than offset by higher taxes and utilities, impairment resulting from the discontinuation of our marketing and incentive program.  In the absence of gains on the sale of assets in the second quarter that did not reoccur in the third quarter. Now I am going to Slide #14 which shows a little bit more information on refinery and marketing earnings sequentially.  You can see the relative contributions of refinery marketing’s business segments during the first three quarters of this year, you can see essentially all of our earnings are coming from refining. As I mentioned earlier, our refineries are round the world were not impacted by the hurricanes, ran very, very well, it’s reflected here. In the third quarter of ‘05,our U.S marketing margins were significantly impaired and international marketing margins were lower than the previous quarter. I am going to give you some numbers that give you an indication of just where the earnings come from associated with this slide. If you look at just refining, in the United States, our income was $1,296 billion, international refining income is $270 so that adds up to $1,566 Billion. On marketing in the United States we’ve lost $209 million, a positive income in marketing and international about $20 million so from marketing the net worldwide is a loss of $189 million.  If we add refining and marketing then the total refinery and marketing in U.S net income was positive of $1,96 billion and international it is $294 million.  So that total of U.S, and International is a $1,390 billion.  These numbers do not add up perfectly because included in our refinery marketing business, we have some other businesses.  Smaller impact, our specialty business is included in our downstream results as well as we have some cost associate with the headquarters associated with the operation of our downstream business. I am going to Slide No.15, which is a LUKOIL investment.  Earlier we increased our equity ownership by 2.2%, we are now up to 14.8% ownership.  As a result our average ownership for the third quarter was 14.2%.  Our equity earnings for the third quarter from this segment $267 million dollars, up from $148 millions in the second quarter. I am going to Slide #16 which is kind of a consolidated side of our Midstream chemicals emerging business segment.  You can see the earnings from the Midstream business is $88 million in third quarter, it is up $68 million in second quarter. The sequential increase in earnings is primarily due to higher natural gas liquids prices and increased ownership and DEFS.  This was partially offset though by the volumes that related to oil volumes that related to the disposition of the Canada Empress System. In our chemicals joint venture with Chevron our earnings fell $30 million in the third quarter from $63 million in second quarter. The decrease in chemical earnings in the second quarter is slightly due to lower margins fro olefines and polyolefines and the effect of hurricane related shutdowns and higher utility cost. If you look at the decline in income from the second to the third quarter, nearly 80% of this decline is attributed or associated with the impact of the hurricanes in the Gulf Coast.  Emerging businesses results were slightly positive compared to the second quarter and it is primarily due to stronger financial performance from our domestic and international power operations. I am going to Slide #17 which reviews the corporate segment.  And you could see its impact on continued operations was a loss $242 million in the third quarter compared to a loss of $179 million in the second quarter.  We did have slightly lower interest expense in the third quarter as compared to the previous quarter, but we occurred an early debt retirement premium of $42 million dollars in the third quarter.  We had some higher benefit related charges and unfavorable foreign exchange impacts to the third quarter.  The losses from discontinued operations were $4 million, its mainly related to the marketing assets held for sale. I am going to Slide #18 I’ll just include this in our conference calls Return of Capital Employed, you can see that if the numbers are not available for the third quarter for the peer group. When we talk about the peer group we are talking about public trading companies that are larger than Conoco Phillips.  You can see our return on capital employed continues to be very competitive with the largest companies in the industry.  In the third quarter of ’05 our ROCE adjusted for purchase accounting was 35%.  Improvements in pricing commodity price and margin environment, it was good operating performance, continue to have positive impact on return on capital employed.  If you look at the third quarter and you analyze return on capital employed in the third quarter by segment, associated with combine 35% and the numbers for E&P are 42%, Refining and Marketing 43%, the combined Midstream chemicals is 14%, LUKOIL 25% and when you look at the total as you see on the slide is 35%. So now I am going to the last file that we have on our opening comments in our presentation Slide #19 which is the outlook.  Our overall strategy objectives, financial goals we have laid out our operating plans, consistent remain unchanged.  The hurricanes did have an impact on what we’ve achieved in the third quarter and what we expect to achieve then for the entire year of 2005.  We expect our fourth quarter E&P production in barrel of oil equivalent be higher than the third quarter and anticipate our entire year of 2005 production to be flat for 2004.  And it would have been up if we did not have the impact of the hurricanes. This is not different from what we’ve indicated earlier several weeks ago in our interim update.  Our increased production in the forth quarter versus third quarter will come primarily from the UK, Norway, Vietnam and Alaska.  And if you include LUKOIL we expect total BOE production will be approximately 1.80 million BOE a day for the year. Turning to the refining side of business our efforts to restore our Gulf Coast refining operation continue, Sweeney Refinery returned to normal operations very quickly after hurricane Rita.  And we expect our Lake Charles refinery to be at normal operations by next week in the process of starting up part of our operations.  The Company’s alliance refinery is expect to begin partial operation in December and return to normal operation early 2006.  As business conditions permit we plan to continue to repurchase company stock until we retire debt.  The company continues to pursue opportunities to increase our domestic energy supply through our LNG gas projects, the Canadian Oil Sands projects and projects aimed at developing Alaska, Mackenzie Delta gas resources.  Specifically, last week the company and the state of Alaska recently announced an agreement in principle on base fiscal terms for a natural gas pipeline contract that will progress the development of Alaska’s North Slope gas.  Additionally, we are advancing our plans to expand our overall refining capacity and clean fuels capabilities.  And all of these sites, all of these projects strategies and operating plans will be thoroughly reviewed with you at our November Analysts meeting in New York city so this concludes my prepared remarks and so we are willing to entertain questions that you might have.  James?  I’ll turn it over to you to start questions. Ok Jane, why don’t you bring up the first question if you would please?
