===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Expand Energy 2025 First Quarter Earnings Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Ayers, Vice President of Investor Relations and Special Projects. Please go ahead.
Chris Ayres: Thank you, Jonathan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today to discuss Expand Energy's 2025 first quarter financial and operating results. Hopefully, you've had a chance to review the press release and updated presentation we posted to our website yesterday. During this morning's call, we will be making forward-looking statements, which consist of statements that cannot be confirmed by reference to existing information, including statements regarding our beliefs, goals, expectations, forecasts, projections and future performance and the assumption underlying such statements. Please also note there are also a number of factors that will cause actual results to materially differ from our forward-looking statement, including factors identified and discussed in our press release yesterday and in other SEC filings. Please recognize that except as required by law, we undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. We may also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures which will help facilitate comparisons across periods with peers. For any non-GAAP measure, there's a reconciliation that can be found on our website. With me on the call today are Nick Dell'Osso, Mohit Singh, Josh Viets and Dan Turco. Nick will give a brief overview of our results and then we will open up the teleconference for Q&A. So with that, thank you again, and now I'll turn the conference over to Nick.
Domenic Dell'Osso: Good morning. Thank you all for joining our call today. Recent market volatility has reinforced the importance of our strategy. The steps we took over the last year to build scale in the best gas assets, lower our costs through merger synergies, strengthen our capital structure and invest in our marketing business have successfully reduced the impact of market volatility in our company. Overcoming market volatility requires a resilient financial foundation, a deep market connected portfolio and low cost efficient operations, all hallmarks of our company and strategy. In addition, we plan for and allocated capital around a mid-cycle gas price of $3.50 to $4. While markets have been volatile, this pricing is still consistent with the forward strip and our view has not changed. While spot prices may be lower today, the macro fundamentals for natural gas remain very constructive, with growing LNG and datacenter demand setting up the market for a strong 2026 and steady rig count for Lower 48 activity, implying a stable, not growing production. Against today's macro backdrop, we continue to safely and efficiently execute our business. Our integration efforts remain on track and we expect to achieve approximately $400 million in synergies in 2025 and $500 million by year-end 2026. Since close, we've eliminated approximately $1 billion in gross debt, including approximately $440 million in the first quarter. In March, we joined the S&P 500 index and we were recently upgraded to investment grade by Moody's, which means we have now achieved investment grade ratings by all of the agencies. These important milestones further demonstrate the strength of our company and the value of combining Chesapeake and Southwestern to create Expand Energy. While both companies have achieved these results individually, I'm confident we greatly accelerated the timing through our combination. I am proud of the way our team has come together and embraced the role we play in answering the call to deliver affordable, reliable lower carbon energy to markets in need. We also continue to benefit from the tailwind of our productive capacity strategy has provided our business. Building productive capacity allowed us to efficiently increase volumes as demand grew. To put our strategy in context, over the first 12 months, volumes from our productive capacity wells will generate approximately $225 million more in free cash flow compared to if we had elected to turn the wells in line last year. We expect to exit 2025 at approximately 7.2 Bcfe per day, turning in line substantially all productive capacity built in 2024. As we look towards 2026, we are well positioned to deliver returns for our shareholders. We expect to see a significant inflection in our free cash flow next year on top of the very strong year we're having in 2025, while growing our production to 7.5 Bcfe a day. This will allow us to return a significant amount of capital to shareholders. Sound capital allocation and prudent hedging will reduce risks and underpin our free cash flow. We look forward to continuing to update you on our progress. And operator, we'll now turn the call over for questions.
Operator: Certainly. And our first question for today comes from the line of Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Good morning, Nick, Mohit and team. I appreciate all the comments here today. I'd love your updated thoughts around hedging. You guys did layer in a lot of those hedges for 2026. Just talk about the way you're thinking about the plan going forward and why you elected to do that?
Mohit Singh: Good morning, Neil. This is Mohit. I'll take that question. As you've seen us in the past, we will continue our disciplined approach towards hedging and we view that as just our way of managing the commodity price, the risk that's embedded in there. It allows us to utilize capitalize on the volatility that we see in the commodity prices and to increase the downside protection at attractive levels, while retaining some of the upside participation. One stat that I will mention to you is since the start of the year, we have added about 740 Bcfe of new hedges of various tenors into Q1 2027 with the average floor price of $3.75 and an average ceiling of $5.10. This has worked really well for us in the past and as another testament to the strength of the program, last year, we recognized $1.6 billion of hedge gains in a soft price environment. So we know the program works. So going forward, it remains unchanged and you'll continue to see us be disciplined about layering in more hedges as we see prices strengthen both in the near-term and at the back end of the curve.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Thank you. And then Nick, the follow-up is just on your perspective on the gas commodity. We have had a pretty dramatic move in the front. In fact, it's been pretty well bid still, but in the front, do you think that's supply or demand? And then you may just talk about your perspective on balance of the year and how we move how we progress from here?
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes, absolutely. The front has been volatile. It's been interesting to watch. We've seen supply be a bit robust through the first part of the year. And that's, I think, a function of the fact that we and some others had some deferred activity that we brought online into the cold winter that we had this year, creating some flush production. The incremental demand allows all of that deferred activity to flow at full rate. And so I think you had a pretty strong production start to the year. In addition to that, it was very cold initially in January. And then February and March were a bit more normal. April then has been pretty under historic demand levels. So I think you've seen a combination of supply be strong, demand be light. I want to just remind you though that the way we think about it is the near-term volatility is something that we plan to absorb within the way that we think about capital allocation. So we were spent a lot of time on the last call talking about capital allocation, utilizing a two to three year forward look of mid-cycle prices, knowing that in the near-term, cycles will drive prices higher and lower than that mid-cycle price. I think that's exactly what we've seen and we feel really good about all of the fundamentals that drive our mid-cycle price expectations and our price expectations broadly for '25, '26, '27 that still support exactly the same way we've set up our business.
Neil Mehta: Makes a lot of sense. Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Wolfe Research. Your question please.
Douglas Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Nick, I wonder if I could follow-up on that. I mean just looking at the hedge range, I think you and I have talked in the past, and I'm sure others, about the increased volatility of this market. And you've got like a 50% spread on these hedges just as a matter of record. My question is, navigating that, you've talked about lowering your breakeven for the portfolio. Where is that today? Where do you think it can get to during this period? And obviously, there's a lot goes into that, the synergies, the incremental delivery of those synergies, the marketing uplift in margins and so on. I'm just wondering if you could talk to us about the trajectory for your breakeven as you pay down debt.
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes, it's a great question, Doug, and it's absolutely what we think about every day around here. Our breakevens today, as we begin to realize the synergies of the merger, have moved a little bit below $3. We think they're going to continue to drive lower and we're focused every day on driving them lower through the remainder of realizing the synergies of the transaction as well as further efficiencies that we're going to drive through our business.
Douglas Leggate: Just for clarity, Nick, is that at the current spending level or is that maintenance capital spending level?
Domenic Dell'Osso: They're pretty close to the same number, right? I mean, our current spending level is where we expect to hold production, so they're the same thing.
Douglas Leggate: Okay. Great stuff. My follow-up is, it's a marketing question, I'm afraid. I know I tried this last quarter, but you recently had a trip out to Asia. I know you're looking at outlets all over the place, I guess, for your gas as the biggest gas producer now in the US. But I'm curious if you're ready to offer any kind of insight as to what impact that can have on realized prices for you guys and to the extent you can share what that LNG potential supply look like for Expand going forward into US LNG facilities?
Dan Turco: Hey, good morning, Doug. This is Dan. I'll take that question. So on the LNG side, as you'd expect a company of our size now after the merger and scale that we've been in a lot of conversations about potentially entering the LNG business. And the reference we've been out in Asia lately talking to numerous opportunities. I think where we're currently situated and especially in the Haynesville, we're well positioned to grow that value chain. And we're in numerous conversations at the moment at various stages of the projects. And I'm not going to comment on anything that's commercially sensitive, but I think there is value there for us to either sell into those projects or even go further downstream to expand our value chain and look for more upside. The key in this is to have the right risk reward balance as we get into that and make sure that intrinsically we're in the money on what we're doing and try to capture that extrinsic upside after. But again, early conversations in various stages at the moment, but I don't want to comment beyond that.
Douglas Leggate: Good to hear you on the call, Dan. Thanks so much.
Dan Turco: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Zach Parham from JPMorgan. Your question please.
Zach Parham: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask on the cash return program. In this first six month period of the new framework, you're going to have some free cash flow that falls into Tranche 3. Can you just give some detail on how you're thinking about cash return from that bucket? Do you plan to be active buying back the stock or will you lean more towards a variable dividend or maybe a combination of both?
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes. Thanks, Zach. So we're really pleased with our return framework. We think it's set up well for this year. We're just getting into the point at which we'll start to determine now how that Tranche 3 will be applied, and we'll be thinking about that over the coming weeks. I think Mohit may have some more to add here.
Mohit Singh: Yes, Zach. The things I will add is we view a strong balance sheet as a competitive advantage, and that's something that we will continue to focus on. We remain very pleased with the progress we have made so far in terms of paying down around $1 billion of gross debt. So that's very close to the target we had set for ourselves of $1.1 billion by end of 2025. The last thing I'll say to you is, if you look at our historical track record, we've returned about $3.7 billion to our investors through a combination of base dividends, variable dividends and buybacks. So that should demonstrate our unwavering commitment to return cash back to the shareholders. And as Tranche 3 gets waterfall into at current prices, you should expect us to be active in the market if the stock is trading in the right levels.
Zach Parham: Thanks. And then my follow-up, wanted to ask on Haynesville activity levels. In the slides, you show you're up to four frac crews there. That compares to the prior disclosure that it indicated you'd average three crews from the year or for the year. Can you talk about what's changed from an operational perspective? Have you pulled forward a little bit of activity just given some higher pricing? Just curious what's changed in the operational plans there?
Josh Viets: Yes. Really, Zach, I would say we're on track with the plan that we laid out back in February. We knew coming into the year carrying a higher level of DUCs than maybe we have historically that there'd be an opportunity to work down that inventory. And so really the expectation is across this quarter and maybe carry a month or so into Q3 that we'll run a fourth frac crew. And so that is going to average between 3 and 3.5 for the full year. But again, that's really in line with how we saw the setup for the full year, where we saw the earlier part of the year really focused on the deferred till activation. And as we've worked through that backlog of inventory, we're really now turning our attention to the DUCs.
Zach Parham: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Devin McDermott from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Devin McDermott: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So you had a slide in the deck, I believe it's Slide 8, just highlighting some of the trends you're seeing on well costs and the fact that there's no material impact from tariffs. I was wondering if you could just talk through in a bit more detail some of the different buckets there, the trends you're seeing and how the overall number that 0% to 2% deflation compares versus your expectations going into this year?
Josh Viets: Yes. Good morning. It's Josh. Yes, we've obviously seen some weakness coming into the year in terms of the OFS market and just in conjunction with the merger, creating more scale within the basins that we've operate in. We've been successful at renegotiating some key contracts and that's given a little bit of a tailwind. And of course, that's something we were well aware of when we issued guidance in February. So that all is embedded in the plan. And so as we look forward and look out to the rest of the year and specifically around tariffs, there's clearly going to be a little bit of pressure that shows up associated with tariffs. And in our business that is going to show up within our casing cost. Now I think a couple of things that are important to know. One is roughly 80% of our casing is sourced domestically. So there is some level of insulation, but we know as imports costs rise that will likely kind of bleed into some of the domestic cost as well. But another important point is the simple fact that the majority of our casing is contracted through the third quarter. And so the exposure to those tariff related impacts are somewhat muted. And so really when you add all those things together, that has led us to a spot to where we would expect costs from 24% to 25% to be flat to slightly down. We'll continue to work with our service providers. We have some really great relationships that we manage. So that's going to be a focus for us going forward. And of course I think spot that maybe creates a little bit of a tailwind for us as well is just really I think the outlook in the oilier basins, specifically within the Permian. If we see any material pullback in activity there, I think you could expect some additional deflation showing up across our business.
Devin McDermott: Got it. Okay. That's really helpful. And then I wanted to step back and Nick ask you a higher level strategy question. One of your peers recently announced a bolt-on transaction in Appalachia. And you highlighted the success of the Chesapeake Southwestern merger and some of your repair to margins very evident in the operating results over the last few quarters as well. And I imagine that given the quality of the portfolio that you have, it's a fairly high bar for further deals or further M&A. But I wanted to get your high level views on further industry consolidation and the role you see expand playing in that and what kind of key financial strategic metrics you would look at in evaluating any potential opportunities going forward?
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes. Hey, Devin. So you're right. We just completed a really big merger. We have our hands full realizing the remainder of the synergies there. It's going great, but it takes a ton of work, and we're very, very focused on that. Going forward, we'll continue to pay attention to things that are out there. That's part of our job. We're going to remain grounded on our nonnegotiables when we think about additional deals. And so there's probably things that will look attractive to us at some point in the future. I can't predict when and I can't predict exactly what, but I can predict that they will meet our nonnegotiables.
Devin McDermott: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Nitin Kumar from Mizuho. Your question please.
Nitin Kumar: Hey, good morning, guys. Nick, I wanted to maybe touch on there's been some discussion from the President about the Constitution Pipeline as one of the larger producers in the Northeast Marcellus. You are positioned to be benefiting from that. So could you maybe talk a little bit about what do you think the chances are of that pipeline being built? What might the timeline or the commitment required look like? And then maybe just generally like are you seeing other opportunities for expanded demand for gas within the Appalachia?
Dan Turco: Hey, Nitin. This is Dan. I'll take that question. As you said, it's good to see infrastructure being discussed, the build out, whether it be pipelines, compression storage, power of these datacenters. And more broadly, I'd add that it's good to see active discussions around the permitting and regular process in certain jurisdictions to try to streamline some of that. And Appalachia has this clear need for takeaway and we're supportive of these discussions. And I know Williams is currently working hard at the specifics and we're going to take a hard look at it when we have more details. But as it stands, yes, still early days, but could be beneficial to our portfolio. But we'll look at the cost benefit of getting in that pipeline. And you mentioned the power demand, we've seen a lot of that. And again, we're in active discussions in Appalachia with many power demand producers and datacenters as well, various stages. Again, I won't get into any specific commercial discussions there. But in general, good to see the build out and the discussions happening and we're going to look hard at these opportunities.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks for the color, Dan. And then my follow-up is just on the cadence of spending. First quarter came in just a little bit below your expectation, but good to see that momentum. You talked about deflation here. You've maintained your full year target. So maybe this one might be for Josh, but what is the cadence of the deferred TILs, the DUCs? And then at what point do you expect to start seeing the spending on the productive capacity for 2026?
Josh Viets: Yes. And so first of all I mean I think it was a really good quarter for us operationally. There was a ton of activity for us bringing on just under 90 wells in the quarter. I'd also just note that from a drilling execution standpoint, we continue to perform at a really high level. We had record quarters from a footage per day perspective in both the Haynesville and in Northeast Appalachia while drilling the longest lateral ever in our Southwest asset at over 25,000 feet. So really pleased with the way the operations are going. In the Q1 number, there's definitely an impact of seasonality operations within there. We tend to do a little bit less planned maintenance work. Our work overspend is always going to be a little bit less, which is impacting us both in terms of the production expense and capital side as well. So you'll start to see some of that expense and capital rolling into the second quarter. And then as I mentioned earlier in a prior question, we're also adding a fourth frac crew in Haynesville for a short period of time, which again is allowing us to start to draw down the DUC inventory that we built up last year. As we look forward into the second half of the year, that's really where you start to see the productive capacity CapEx show up. So we've talked about the incremental $300 million there. And that will really be kicked off with the addition of an eighth rig in the July timeframe with expectations we'll be adding rigs in both Northeast Appalachia and Southwest Appalachia in kind of the fall timeframe. And so that will get us on plane to exit the year at around 7.2 Bcfe a day and spending roughly $3 billion a year in total for 2025.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks for the color, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Freeman from Raymond James. Your question please.
John Freeman: Thanks. Good morning. Just a question as the Haynesville gets ramped over the next few years, is there any sort of additional either infrastructure or just sort of non-D&C spending that we should be aware of or does that sort of percentage of total capital in the Haynesville for non-D&C stay at a similar sort of rate?
Domenic Dell'Osso: There's nothing planned right now for non-D&C infrastructure in the Haynesville, John. We had an opportunity a couple of years ago to participate in the NG3 pipe. That capital has really all been spent now. The pipe should come online at the end of this year. It's a great project. We're really happy to be in that. There's nothing else that's in front of us today. But I think we loved that opportunity. And if something else like that came along that offered us great access to an attractive market, we could choose to do something like that again, but there's nothing in front of us today that represents that.
John Freeman: Got it. And then just the follow-up for me on you've obviously done a really good job of making progress on the synergy capture. And just sort of looking at the slide that you all got in your deck in Slide 6. Is it fair to say that it looks like everything that you all kind of needed to achieve on a run rate basis is kind of there with the company owned sand mine, the lower financing costs, the completion design, all that stuff that was in that additional synergy bucket is sort of basically in place. And now it's just a matter of just continuing that run rate to achieve the $500 million by year-end '26? Is there something else that I'm missing that's yet to be in place?
Josh Viets: No. Really, John, I'd say we're on track. We feel really good about how the integration has gone. The teams are performing at a really high level. We've had another really great quarter of drilling in the Haynesville, which has just given us even more confidence in our ability to deliver the synergy there. So I would say at this point, we're on track for the $400 million synergy delivered by year-end 2025 and $500 million by the end of next year.
John Freeman: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kalei Akamine from Bank of America. Your question please.
Kalei Akamine: Hey, good morning, guys. I want to ask about the Haynesville guidance. Can you kind of give us a sense of where Haynesville gas production is in real time, i.e., what is it today or perhaps have been in March? If the message is that you're getting to 295 Bcfe a day in 2Q and holding flat, I guess the nuance there is that the Haynesville's largest producer isn't growing very much for the rest of the year and that's constructive for a second half '25 balances. But you also mentioned that the NG3 pipe is coming on at the end of the year, and you have capacity on it. So I'm kind of wondering how that gets filled.
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes. Hey, Kalei, so good question. That's exactly right that we're going to reach that level of production during the second quarter and then it will flatten out for the rest of the year without any incremental growth until we get into 2026. That said, we are planning a redirect of volumes into the NG3 pipe. We have a lot of production around the basin a lot of it flows through IT today, intermittent transport today or interruptible transport today. And so we have a lot of flexibility in where we deliver our volumes. And we actually look forward to optimizing that flexibility through the work of Dan's team going forward to increase realized prices.
Kalei Akamine: Got it. I appreciate that. Next, I'd like to go to operating expenses versus RS mid, that's where the beat was in this quarter. We were kind of expecting a certain cadence for unit cost, that starts high and trend lower as you grow volumes. But in 1Q, you're already at the low end. So kind of wondering how that trends from here.
Josh Viets: Yes, this is Josh. We do expect spend to on an absolute basis to increase as we get into the later spring and summer months. And as I mentioned earlier, we just really peel back some of our planned maintenance activities and workover expenses in the first quarter. And so as production will pick up into the second quarter relative to Q1. It's just a simple fact that our absolute spend is moving up in concert with that. There's clearly some things that we see that are going well within our production expense, but it's still really early in the year. And we want to kind of get another quarter under our belt. And but at this point, we feel pretty good about the guide that we've offered.
Kalei Akamine: Thanks for taking my questions guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Phillip Jungwirth from BMO. Your question please.
Phillip Jungwirth: Thanks. Good morning. When you think about your $3.50 to $4 mid-cycle view, just with the lower crude price, I was wondering how associated gas plays into your outlook and generally what type of -- what level of oil production does that assume from the Lower 48? And if we undershoot that over the next couple of years, how would you think about upside in terms of incremental call in the Haynesville?
Domenic Dell'Osso: Associated gas is a pretty complicated model, as you guys know, because you have, from the Permian, you have had growing volumes, but then you also have an increasing GOR. Our approach to modeling Permian gas over the last couple of years has been really simple model, the pipeline capacity that's coming online and it will be filled. And that's held true. And I think that's still going to be true for a bit. We're going to continue to see increasing GOR. We saw how quickly Matterhorn filled even though it didn't appear that there were a lot of DUCs in the basin leading into that. And so I think there's just the basin continues to prove that associated gas is available when pipeline capacity is available. That said, if we see a material pullback in rig count in the Permian, then that will change. And that could be a really interesting development for the dynamics of Lower 48 supply. But we're just going to have to watch that. There's a lot of predictions out there right now of cuts to rigs in the Permian, we've seen anything from 20 to 50, but we haven't seen a lot of specific plans just yet. So we're going to be watching that really closely.
Phillip Jungwirth: Great. Thanks. And you had really strong realizations across the board, but I did want to ask about the Haynesville specifically. And just your medium-term outlook there for differentials or netbacks, just with several new pipes starting up in the play, including your NG3 pipe, LNG ramping supply being slow to respond, and maybe with that, any update on the gas marketing and trading efforts that you've established over the last year.
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes. I think really what you're touching on there, Phil, is just the dynamics of the overall market, the bigger fundamental trends, which is that demand is growing and growing pretty rapidly, particularly along the Gulf Coast as all this LNG capacity comes online. And we love the fact that we have 2.5 Bcfe a day of capacity that's going to be available to deliver gas to Gillis. We also like the fact that we still maintain quite a bit of capacity at Perryville. And so the opportunities there to think about how we most effectively supply the markets that need the gas is pretty interesting and I think there's going to be a lot that plays out there. with Haynesville starting off here in a position where it doesn't look like it's growing rapidly into this demand growth, I think it does set up for a pretty constructive environment for our business.
Phillip Jungwirth: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold from RBC. Your question please.
Scott Hanold: Yes, thanks all. Hey, look, you all have a plan to start spending the $300 million of growth capital in the second half of the year. Can you give me a sense given the volatility in just sort of the broad macro environment, how do you think about the optionality of doing that or not? If the gas market does break down, would you go ahead and spend that and build to that productive capacity or would you defer the spending to next year. I guess the third option is, do you spend it this year and just build a deferred kind of till backlog? Just which one of those options would you kind of evaluate doing if the macro remains uncertain and prices come down a bit?
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes, it's a great question, Scott, and I'll go back to, again, the framework that we put out last quarter, which is to really think about how the longer-term mid-cycle pricing works. The decision to spend money is really around that. The decision to produce gas is different. The decision to produce gas is much more around the immediate market conditions that we see at any given time. So this is really what you're describing is really a repeat of conditions that we saw last year, which would be a weak near-term gas market with decent long-term fundamentals. In that case, I think we continue to spend capital and potentially pull back on production if there's a weak price. We can pull back on production by curtailing flowing volumes today or deferring turn in lines and we did both last year. So I think we have a track record of being very responsive and not oversupplying a market that doesn't need gas. That said, if the longer-term trends change, the fundamentals change in some way, then you change your capital program. And so we really think about those things as very separate decisions. And that flexibility that we built into our business built into our decision-making then that we manage risk around through hedging and through how we allocate our capital, we think is a real positive evolution for the way we run our business and a strategic advantage that we can manage given our strong balance sheet our approach to hedging, our ability to deliver gas out of several different areas of the country through a lot of different pipes. So we have the flexibility to grow production when we choose to and to pull back and manage that pullback across a lot of areas without incurring onerous fees.
Scott Hanold: No, that's really good. I like the way that's played out. My follow-up question is going to go back to one of the earlier questions on Tranche 3 as you move into that. And I understand, obviously, you're not going to give us exact color on how you're going to return that cash. But can you give me a sense of, with your discussion with investors, how do they view the variable dividend? And we've seen a lot of the sector kind of back away from variables in favor of buybacks. Can you give us your general view on the value in the variables? And do you think your investors or just broadly investors would welcome that?
Chris Ayres: Hey, Scott. This is Chris Ayres. I'll take this one. So we actually see a pretty solid response to both buybacks and variable dividends. The benefit of the variable dividend is it derisks the investors' investment. And that's unilateral across the board in terms of receptivity of that embedded TSR through a cycle. And if you look at our history as a company with the variable dividends that we've paid out, that's made up a solid portion of our TSR regardless of how the equity price traded down or up with the gas price. Now going forward, we would expect it to be a combination of both, as Nick talked about, with the variable dividends and buybacks. We see benefit in being able to have that through cycle repurchasing power that buybacks bring for our business and being able to drive that per share accretion. And so we do see across our investor base, though, a belief in the support that a variable dividend provides for our TSR. And part of the reason why we'll look to combine both variable dividends and buybacks through a cycle.
Scott Hanold: Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Portillo from TPH. Your question please.
Matthew Portillo: Good morning all. Just one question on my end. I was curious if you might be able to talk a little bit about the Utica, just your acreage prospectivity, I think you guys have about five wells planned to till there this year and kind of what you're looking for from a resource unlock perspective.
Josh Viets: Yes. Good morning, Matt. We remain active in the Utica. We see the prospectivity of it as well as really thinking about extending the limits of the Marcellus as well as you move further west into Ohio. And so we have pretty active leasing programs there to help shore up additional inventory and that will continue to be a focus for us and the teams moving forward.
Matthew Portillo: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoff Jay from Daniel Energy Partners. Your question please.
Geoff Jay: Hi. I guess I was thinking about and I really appreciate the color on the tariff impact on spend. But I guess my question is, if these tariffs persist as kind of they stand today, would you expect a step change in costs in 2026 as your contracted materials roll over?
Josh Viets: Well, if you want to think about the single sector of OCTG, I think there is the potential for those costs to reset into 2026. But just as a reminder, there are just so many other market dynamics that have the potential to impact costs, largely activity that we see occurring across the Lower 48 and specifically in the Permian. In addition to that, we continue to invest in our business and things like a company-operated sand mine, water infrastructure that we have in our back pocket to offset any potential cost increase in the future.
Domenic Dell'Osso: Hey, Geoff, this is Nick. One way I think about this is that certain raw materials like steel are going to be pressured up if the tariff situation continues. But we're also seeing that, that's driving oil prices lower, that's going to drive activity lower across the industry. So you have certain raw materials going up and then service costs coming down, just kind of summarizing what Josh said, but those two are obviously connected to each other and work opposite of each other.
Geoff Jay: Yes, that makes sense. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Scialla from Stephens. Your question please.
Michael Scialla: Good morning, everybody. Nick, you mentioned you expect free cash flow inflection next year, which is interesting, given how capital efficient 2025 is with the return of the deferred TILs in the DUCs. Can you talk about the drivers for that inflection next year? Is it primarily due to just the way the strip price is or how much of that depends on further efficiency gains?
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes. No. The efficiency gains will come from the final realization of our synergies. So there definitely is some and we're excited about that. But the biggest driver is that we'll be getting up to the production levels of 7.5 Bcfe a day that we're targeting. And that's a pretty good gearing factor as you go into a higher-priced environment. And of course, we're hedging that higher price environment every day. You saw how much we hedged in the first quarter when prices were robust and we'll continue to look for those opportunities.
Michael Scialla: Got it. And you've talked about the tariffs from a cost perspective. I'm wondering if you could talk more broadly just from a high level how you think about that potentially impacting LNG markets? And does that have any impact on your discussions on your gas marketing efforts?
Dan Turco: Hey, Mike. This is Dan. On the LNG front, if you're talking about online capacity today, we don't really see any issue coming from the tariffs. I mean China had implemented tariffs, I think, in February, and you see reoptimization of cargoes around the world just to place all of those cargoes in the market. And we've seen no slowdown in the construction of facilities currently online. And we see no slowdown in the conversations we've had with potential new LNG capacity online. So really in the near or mid-term, we don't really see a challenge. Yes, there might be, as Nick said, on the upstream side, there might be a cost challenge coming to some of these projects, but really no slowdown we've seen.
Michael Scialla: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Leo Mariani from ROTH. Your question please.
Leo Mariani: Yes, I wanted to follow up a little bit on sort of price synergies. So you guys talked a lot about this when the Chesapeake Southwestern merger was announced. You certainly mentioned that you're engaged in a lot of discussions. You hit your investment-grade ratings. Clearly, production is up, I know you can't comment on specific projects, but maybe just talk about your kind of level of confidence on getting some of these gas price-related synergies today versus when you announced the Chesapeake Southwestern merger?
Domenic Dell'Osso: Hey, Leo. I'll take that question as well. I'm quite excited about this opportunity that we had to create something unique for this company in terms of optimizing our portfolio. It's early days with this new M&C organization, but the team has actually done quite a bit so far. I mean bringing the two portfolios together in 90 days was a pretty impressive feat. They've already had some early wins by connecting the portfolio across the FT and getting some optimization value. And so going forward, we're going to try to do more of this at scale, right? Just continue to optimize our portfolio. Something that Nick talked about in the Haynesville, where we have the NG3 pipeline coming on. It gives us a lot of daily optionality. I'm really excited about what we can do. And we've had some recent hires come on board to increase our capacity to do so and also our capabilities. So going forward I'm quite confident about our ability to make more money and more margin through this new organization we're creating.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Appreciate that. And then just on the operational side. Obviously you guys had really good success here in the first quarter. Certainly got kind of more than kind of a quarter of the TILs done here in the quarter. It sounds like you're bringing on another frac crew as well in the Haynesville in 2Q. So it feels like the ops are a little bit ahead of schedule. Just wanted to kind of take your temperature on the upside here. So to the extent that you continue to execute well operationally. Could we see a few more TILs than you've guided to here in 2025 or would you guys likely maybe choose to kind of save some CapEx towards the back end of the year for budget exhaustion?
Josh Viets: Yes. Well, first of all, we have had a good start to the year and really pleased with the overall operational performance. But right now, we really remain focused on creating as efficient a business as we can. And as we talked about on the last call, it's really about getting our business up to that 7.5 Bcfe a day mark. And if we're able to achieve that through less activity, i.e., less drilling rigs because we're drilling faster, that's likely the path that we would end up taking. So we feel good about the plan that we've laid out and we remain on track to deliver that guidance.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Betty Jiang from Barclays. Your question please.
Betty Jiang: Good morning. I just have one clarification question on the return framework. How to think about determining the available cash flow for cash return for the rest of the year. Your target provided last quarter was $500 million broken into $250 million tranches per each fiscal half year. With the $468 million that was done in 1Q, do you see that meeting your first half requirement or that's effectively completing most of your requirement for the year?
Mohit Singh: Yes, Betty, this is Mohit. So the way if you go back to the when we unveiled the program, we set it up as two evaluation periods. The first evaluation period is the first half of the year. So you really need to look at the first quarter and the second quarter together and that's the way we've been viewing it. And as Nick previously signaled at current commodity prices, we see enough free cash flow to be able to service Tranche 1, which is the base dividend. And then we've made good progress on Tranche 2, which is a net debt reduction. So we do expect some free cash flow to go into Tranche 3, which is where we will have some discretion on how much to put towards variable versus buyback, the 75% that's allocated to it. So Hopefully that helps. But the way you should think about it is in terms of the evaluation periods.
A - Domenic Dell: Yes. But as to the pace, Betty, I would just note that we had a piece of debt that matured in January. And so that drove the pace there for the first part of the year.
Osso: Yes. But as to the pace, Betty, I would just note that we had a piece of debt that matured in January. And so that drove the pace there for the first part of the year.
Betty Jiang: Got it. So second half will still get reevaluated separately?
A - Domenic Dell: That's right.
Osso: That's right.
Betty Jiang: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Diamond from Citi. Your question please.
Paul Diamond: Thank you. Good morning all. Thanks for taking my call. Just a quick one talking about the kind of the synergy outlook. So you've done a pretty good job of both the OpEx and capital side of kind of progressing towards that $400 million per annum by year-end. Seems to be a bit more chunky. I just wanted to get an idea if we should think about that more kind of like step changes along the way or should it be more thought of as linear going forward?
A - Domenic Dell: Yes. Hey, Paul. It's Nick. The way I think about that is we're really pleased with what we've accomplished so far. If you think about like the drilling and completion synergies, we're seeing the full element of synergies achieved with the individual wells that we're drilling today. But in order for us to achieve the aggregate dollar amount of synergies projected for the year, we have to drill all the wells in the program for the year. So I would say we are complete in terms of our ability to capture the synergies. And now we just have to execute our plan to complete capturing them. Does that answer your question?
Osso: Yes. Hey, Paul. It's Nick. The way I think about that is we're really pleased with what we've accomplished so far. If you think about like the drilling and completion synergies, we're seeing the full element of synergies achieved with the individual wells that we're drilling today. But in order for us to achieve the aggregate dollar amount of synergies projected for the year, we have to drill all the wells in the program for the year. So I would say we are complete in terms of our ability to capture the synergies. And now we just have to execute our plan to complete capturing them. Does that answer your question?
Paul Diamond: It makes perfect sense. Appreciate the time. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin MacCurdy from Pickering Energy Partners. Your question please.
Kevin MacCurdy: Hey, good morning. I have another question on the marketing side. Slide 13 of your deck details your marketing contracts and talks about a Bcfe a day of going to Gillis in 4Q '25. Do you have any color or expectations for how that market at Gillis is shaping up and how that could impact your margins?
Dan Turco: Hey, Kevin. Thanks for the question. This is Dan. We're excited about that capacity coming online that Nick talked about because it's down to Gillis. And really we're excited because the growth, the real growth we're seeing down there with the growth in LNG under construction, right? You have Plaquemines ramping up right in our backyard. You have Golden Pass that we hope to come online in 2026. And then you have just recent announcements from Woodside on Louisiana LNG that's going to bring more demand to that market over time. So we're expecting that market to be quite a premium market and basis to increase there and not only there, but across the Haynesville, as there's going to be a pull across in total Haynesville to bring gas to that area of demand.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. So it sounds like positive for margins. And then maybe for a second question to ask a different way on the CapEx trajectory. You came in low in the first quarter. The guidance points to a step up in 2Q. Any color that you can share on the expectations for the back half of the year as it compares to Q1 and Q2 for CapEx?
Josh Viets: Yes. We would expect the trajectory through the third and fourth quarter to be relatively in line with where our Q2 CapEx is.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from the line of Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Your question please.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Nick, to you and your team there. You guys have really had a murderer's row Q&A lineup this morning. So I'm impressed and thanks for taking the time. I just have one short question on TILs. I think it will be a short question. Have you guys seen anything that surprised you either positive or negatively as you brought on these deferred TILs that we're kind of sitting to bottled up for whether two, three, four months. And is there any kind of difference in that answer, variation between what you've seen in the Haynesville, Southwest App or Northeast App?
Josh Viets: Yes. Thanks for the question, Charles. Really, I've been incredibly pleased with what we've seen to-date. I mean, first of all, if you just think about the amount of activity that we've been managing, in fact, if you were to go back to the fourth quarter, we've now brought on 130 wells over the last two quarters. So the teams have just done a phenomenal job managing a lot of activity in a short amount of time. The well performance that we see is it looks undisturbed from anything that we would expect if you were to bring these wells online with normal cadence. You're always going to expect to see some level of variability depending on the types of wells we bring online. So upper versus lower or the various parts of the Haynesville where productivity can vary as you move from north to south. But again just really pleased with the overall execution of our productive capacity strategy.
Charles Meade: That's great detail. Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Nick Dell'Osso for any further remarks.
Domenic Dell'Osso: Thanks, everybody, for your time today. I look forward to seeing everybody out on the road as we get out and meet with investors. As usual, you can reach out to our team with any other questions. And we look forward to seeing you guys around the first week of August for next quarter's results. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Expand Energy 2024 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Ayers, Vice President of Investor Relations and Special Projects. Please go ahead.
Christopher Ayres: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today to discuss Expands 2024 fourth quarter and full year financial and operating results. Hopefully, you've had a chance to review our press release and the updated investor presentation that we posted to our website yesterday. During this morning's call, we will be making forward-looking statements, which consist of statements that cannot be confirmed by reference to existing information, including statements regarding our beliefs, goals, expectations, forecasts, projections, and future performance, and the assumption underlying such statements. Please also note there are a number of factors that will cause actual results to materially differ from our forward-looking statement, including the factors identified and discussed in our press release yesterday and in other SEC filings. Please also recognize that except as required by law, we undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. We may also refer to some non-GAAP measures which help facilitate comparisons across periods and with peers. For any non-GAAP measure, there is a reconciliation on our website. With me today on the call are Nick Dell'Osso, Mohit Singh, Josh Viets and Dan Turco our new EVP of Marketing & Commercial. Nick will give a brief overview of our results, and then we will open up the teleconference to Q&A. So, with that, thank you again and turn the teleconference over to Nick.
Nick Dell'Osso: Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. The world's need for energy continues to grow with our attractive market connected portfolio, resilient financial foundation and peer leading returns. Expand Energy was created specifically to better respond to this growing demand and yield stronger returns for shareholders in times of volatility. Our productive capacity strategy uniquely positions us to not simply react, but to capitalize on the dynamic market we see today. As our 2025 capital and operating plan demonstrates, this is exactly what we are doing. Benefiting from a powerful combination of premium rock returns and runway across our portfolio, access to advantaged markets and some of the most capital efficient operations in the industry, we've enhanced our outlook for 2025. We continue to benefit from the tailwind of our 2024 productive capacity strategy and now expect to produce approximately 7.1 Bcf per day for a capital investment of approximately $2.7 billion. As market fundamentals continue to improve the outlook for natural gas, we are electing to invest an incremental $300 million to build approximately 300 million cubic feet per day of additional productive capacity. This will allow us to efficiently deliver 7.5 Bcf per day in 2026 should market conditions warrant. We believe this level of production optimizes free cash flow at mid-cycle prices. Since we won't pull the trigger on this incremental capacity until mid-year, we have time to watch the market and we'll have the flexibility to adjust as necessary. Successful integration has further strengthened our outlook. We continue to capture significant capital and operating efficiencies, rapidly accelerating the achievement of our annual synergies. We now expect to achieve approximately $400 million of our annual synergy target in 2025 and to capture the entire $500 million target by year end 2026. I am especially encouraged to see the 20% plus improvement we are delivering in our Haynesville drilling performance. In the fourth quarter alone, we cut nearly nine days and $1.5 million in cost per well from Southwestern's legacy drilling performance. The definition of synergy success is clear, achieving capital and operating efficiencies that result in spending less while producing more, which is exactly what we're doing. Our Resilient Financial foundation and Peer-leading returns program are two areas which also further differentiate our company. At today's prices, we expect to end 2025 with less than $4.5 billion in net debt. Our Debut $750 million investment grade issuance set a record spread for an energy rising star at 132 basis points over 10-year treasuries and cleared all near term maturities through 2029. Our Enhanced Capital Return framework is designed to efficiently return cash to shareholders and reduce net debt. After paying our $2.30 per share dividend, we expect to allocate $500 million to debt reduction in 2025. Given our strong free cash flow outlook, we expect to have additional cash available to allocate to a combination of variable dividend share repurchases and the balance sheet. Turning to our marketing program, we see great opportunity to capitalize on our position as the nation's largest natural gas producer. There is greater than 11 Bcf per day of LNG capacity under construction and the domestic power market continues to grow in support of data centers and rising consumer demand. We have the assets, balance sheet and capital efficient operations to help meet this new demand. I'm pleased to welcome Dan Turco to our team to lead this effort. Dan has extensive experience creating value for marketing and trading programs and will help us realize the benefit of our advantaged position. The marketing program has already seen the value of our combined portfolio. Our team worked extremely hard from the date of close to fully integrate our marketing and transportation portfolio by January 1st of this year, allowing us to optimize the flow of volumes across pipes, increasing value for our gas and reducing costs. Looking forward to 2026 once the NG3 pipe is online, approximately 75% of our marketed volumes are expected to reach strategic markets including 2.5 Bcf per day directly to the growing LNG corridor. Expand's powerful combination of an attractive connected portfolio, a peer leading returns program and resilient financial foundation is distinct among natural gas producers. Today's market provides a unique opportunity for our company and we look forward to expanding opportunity for our shareholders in the year ahead. Operator will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Matt Portillo of TPH. Your line is open.
Matthew Portillo: Good morning Nick and team.
Nick Dell'Osso: Hey Matt.
Matthew Portillo: Just a quick question. Slide 9 Very helpful. Laying out your thoughts on maximizing free cash flow at mid-cycle pricing. Just curious maybe if you could speak to that slide. And specifically if we're in kind of a $3.50 to $4 world, should we be thinking about kind of your productive capacity once you get to the 7.5 Bcf a in 2026 to hold around 7.5 [ph]? Or do you think you could continue to see growth from that point forward?
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes, I'm really glad you asked about this slide to start off with, Matt. This is an important way for us to communicate how we think about our capital allocation for this year and over time. We all talk a lot about the right way to set up our business. And we thought this slide did a good job of laying out our thought process. We believe that it starts with a view of the macro. And so we'll continue to have a view of the fundamentals and let that underpin how we think about allocating our capital. And for us, that means that we're going to always have a rolling forward 2-3 year assessment of where the market is and what that means for mid-cycle prices. And you're right to point out that right now, we're pegging that at $3.50 to $4 per Mcf, Henry Hub. And so the table below simply lays out a look at the heat map is designed around cash flow generation, free cash flow and looking at various levels of production relative to various levels of price, where is your business optimized? It's pretty easy for any of us to think about in a stronger market, growing volumes. That always feels good. But there's certainly an optimal level of production for a business given the underlying macro. And I think this helps to highlight how we view that there can be levels of production that are too high for a given price and there can be levels of production that are too low. And so at $3.50 to $4, you can see that we sit in a pretty good place at 7.5 Bcf a day. What we also like about this slide is that we're giving you some parameters around which we would have to underwrite a longer-term view of the macro in order to raise that level of targeted production. And I say targeted and we say mid-cycle and all of those things because there's plenty of volatility that could show up in the short term that would continue to cause us to do things like we did in 2024, curtail volumes, curtail activity. There might be times where you want to accelerate capacity that's otherwise on the sideline, given a short-term event. But when we think about mid-cycle activity, we think about this level of production relative to this price that we're underwriting. So right now, $3.50 to $4, 7.5 Bcf a day of production. I think it's pretty interesting to note that from an overall market standpoint, we are underwriting a level of price that is below where the 2025 and 2026 strip is today. We do that with the recognition that, one, we don't mind being just a bit on the conservative side and underwriting price. Two, we do think a lot about how this will evolve over time. And we know that when prices as they are today are above the marginal break evens of the industry supply will ultimately show up and compete. And that competing supply, as we go out into 2027, 2028, 2029 is increasingly going to be not just domestic supply, but international supply. We've talked for a while about how in the second half of this decade, there will be more LNG capacity that comes online around the world that will compete directly with U.S. Gulf Coast capacity. And so we think it's appropriate to take this multiyear view of the market. And again, we see $3.50 to $4 is a pretty reasonable price to underwrite. So all of that informs how we think about our business today, it thinks about -- what helps us to think about what the optimal level of production and CapEx is that then drives the optimal level of cash flow. I would also just point out that we're giving you a lot of information on this slide, including the right-hand column of the matrix, which tells you the amount of maintenance capital that would be required for each of these levels of production. Obviously, there's a lot of assumptions embedded into a chart like this. And those assumptions would have to be revisited over time. We're using our current assumptions of well cost. We're using our current assumptions of well productivity. Our team is pretty focused on improving our capital efficiency around both halves of that equation every day. And so we'll continue to refresh our thoughts around this. But we think this is a pretty good framework.
Matthew Portillo: Perfect. And then maybe just a follow-up. You mentioned LNG. I was just curious if you can maybe touch on your updated thoughts on the marketing strategy? I know it's a diversification for you all. And there's obviously some puts and takes and views on global incremental supply versus demand over the next few years. So just curious, how you guys are thinking about the LNG market and your strategy moving forward?
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes. Another great question. So again, we're excited about what's happening with the incremental LNG export capacity on the Gulf Coast and how we're positioned relative to that. We think we are uniquely positioned to that, one, just given the scale of production that we have proximate to those assets in the Haynesville, but then also, we have a really nice transportation portfolio that allows us to move 2.5 Bcf a day by the end of this year to Gillis. We moved another 2 Bcf a day over towards Perryville, which then can flow south towards the Eastern facilities like Plaquemines. And we have a lot of connectivity to these projects. We have a great relationship with a lot of the liquefiers themselves as well as the off takers, and we have regular communication with all of them about what their needs are and how we should think about being prepared to supply gas. So we really like our position. As you know, we have announced on supply agreement going through the Delfin facility. And we think there's more that we can do around LNG in the future. But I would say we're really focused on ensuring that as we take on any incremental LNG projects, we're thinking hard about how we can do a couple of things. One, ensure that it provides a diversified revenue source for us, connecting us to markets that we wouldn't otherwise be connected to that have diverse and different characteristics than Henry Hub. We think that's important. And then exposing us to revenue opportunities that, again, help to generate higher levels of cash flow through cycles for our business. I think as we think about our business today, we are in the Haynesville, which is a really important geographic diversity for us, being proximate to markets and being able to grow. And we need to show higher revenue to prove out the value of that geographic diversification.
Matthew Portillo: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for the next question. And our next question will be coming from the line of Doug Leggate of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Douglas Leggate: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Nick, I've got two, if I may. I guess the synergy number, we're all kind of watching that evolve a little quicker than you had originally planned. But if I go back to when you announced the deal back in January of last year, you put a kind of a 2-year time line on building a marketing business, and you obviously made a very high profile higher here recently. So I just wondered if you could give us a quick refresh on what you think the timing looks like now to achieve what you think is possible and maybe quantify what that number looks like, again, 2.5 Bcf a year, more or less. What's the -- is that $0.10 number? Is that $0.20 number? What's the ambition? Because obviously, I don't think that's in a lot of people's numbers at this point. That's my first one. I've got a quick follow-up, please.
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes. Thanks, Doug. We're really excited about what is in front of us from a marketing perspective. And you're right, we have made a really important hire for our team. And we're looking forward to building out our business in a way that takes better advantage of the scale of production that we have as well as the transportation portfolio we have today. Traditionally, both Chesapeake and Southwestern marketed gas in a relatively close to wellhead fashion. We do have a lot of transportation, but we are, for the most part, selling gas to the nearest purchaser at the terminus of that transportation, whether that's off the gathering system or if it's further downstream. And we haven't engaged in a lot of optimization, which generally, larger companies do. We think there's quite a bit of value in the domestic optimization of how we sell our gas. And we're looking forward to building out the processes and the capabilities to do that. We know how to do it. We have the talent to do it. We need to build systems processes and certainly need to build a risk framework to ensure that we do it properly. But in doing that, we think we can add pretty meaningful value to our business and increase our netbacks to our equity production, certainly by a few pennies on that domestic optimization alone. And then the longer-term value opportunity is, of course, around new commercial relationships that could be more interesting. And those could be in the form of power deals, industrial deals, LNG deals, long-term buyers of gas that seek certainty of supply and potentially seek some certainty of cost. And we think there's quite a bit of opportunity in a market that looks like it will increasingly have challenges of getting the right amount of gas to the right markets at the right time. And we think we're well positioned to help solve those challenges.
Douglas Leggate: So just to be clear, is that a $400 million annual business? Or is that stretching the -- I do know the number you said in terms of marketing model. I'm thinking $0.15.
Nick Dell'Osso: I think we're going to hold off on giving you an exact number today, Doug. We're going to continue to build out this business plan. We're going to hold off on giving the exact number today, but we think it's certainly meaningful. And we're pretty excited about what's in front of us.
Douglas Leggate: Got it. So my follow-up is you've kind of certainly slipped into the presentation, 20 years plus of inventory. And I think you used to have the Southwestern, the Chesapeake standalone saying, we've got a 15-year backlog. I think -- when you think about -- we're telling you, you can hold this at $3 billion of capital, 7.5 Bcf a day. It seems you're making life pretty simple for everybody to kind of lay out what the value proposition is. My question is, what commingling Bossier, Haynesville Upper, Lower Marcellus, what's extending the inventory? What is the relative economics look like of the portfolio today versus what you were seeing before? And because I was obviously an impression that Bossier and Haynesville had very different returns, but now they're both part of the story. So if you could help us understand that a little bit, if that 20 years is an apples-for-apples comparison that would be great.
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes. Look, it's essentially the productive life of -- around the assets that we generate today. So yes, Bossier is in there, Upper Marcellus is in there. And we continue to derisk all aspects of those plays that have less producing wells than maybe the more traditional Haynesville zone or the Lower Marcellus zone. Our team has done some really, really good work over the last couple of years to add value to all of those locations. And every time we add value to those locations, more of those locations can turn green, so to speak, in our inventory counts and in our skyline charts. One of the things that's happening here, though, is that as we brought these two companies together, we think that we are ultimately going to be most efficient and most effective and leaning on the capital efficiency of our business. We'll run less rigs than each company was running on a stand-alone basis. And so the life extends, the number of years of development extends partially just because of that. But we're definitely very focused on continuing to turn more and more sticks within our acreage green, which allows us to add more adjacent acreage around our plays.
Douglas Leggate: Thanks a lot for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for the next question. And our next question will be coming from the line of Scott Hanold of RBC. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold: Yes, hey thanks, good morning. Let's stick on that same topic, if we could. And specifically with the Upper Marcellus and Bossier, can you talk about how -- what percentage of that is in the activity over the next couple of years? And just give us a sense of the relative economics of those zones comparatively. And are you seeing the ability to kind of what things are you seeing that can maybe improve those economics and you get closer to sort of the Haynesville/Lower Marcellus?
Josh Viets: Yes, good morning Scott, this is Josh. First on the split, we do provide a slide in the deck on Slide 35 that provides the breakdown for the number of TILs. But you'll notice in the Haynesville, we are going to be slightly heavier weighted towards the Haynesville wells. So it's probably closer to 60% to 65%. And in the Northeast with the Upper and Lower, it's probably closer to maybe 45% lower and the rest will be Upper. And so on the comparative economics, one of the things I would just say, and I'll maybe start with the Haynesville specifically, both reservoirs offer tremendous potential from a return standpoint. And we like the productivity that we see in each. The Bossier tends to be just a little bit more expensive on the completion side, but also recognize it's shallower. So drilling costs are a little bit less. We find productivity to be fantastic across both, I would say, somewhat equitable. The Upper and the Lower, we've talked about for some time, the fact that we do see lower productivity on a per foot basis in the Upper. But the ways we find to enhance the economics of that, which is really the ultimate goal, is by extending lateral lengths. And because it's less developed, we have opportunities to drill longer laterals, which we've been doing year-over-year. We've also really been investing in analytics and looking opportunities to enhance the way at which we complete these wells. And so the combination, the longer laterals, the enhanced completion designs, we've talked about hybrid wells in the past as another mechanism at which we could really boost up the profitability of the upper wells where we combine, let's say, a 10,000-foot section of upper with 5,000 feet of lower reservoir. That all helps to normalize our returns across the Marcellus play.
Scott Hanold: Appreciate the context, thanks. And as my follow-up, just talking about the productive capacity increase that you have planned into 2026. And -- to me, it was interesting on -- I guess you're calling up productive capacity versus "just regular growth." So that does -- correct me if I'm wrong, tell -- indicates to us that there's some optionality if the market is not there. But can you give us some sense of, as you get into the back half of 2025 -- obviously, it's a very sensitive time coming into the winter every year with the gas market. If you start building this productive capacity in these wells to bring on -- and let's say, the winter doesn't pan out. What happens in 2026 now that you've already spent those $300 million of extra capital? What do you do?
Nick Dell'Osso: Sorry, my mute didn't come off. I'm going to start over. Yes, we're really pleased with the flexibility we exhibited in our business in 2024, and we think it would set up really similarly. So we're going to build this productive capacity coming into the end of this year, it will be ready to be turned in line in 2026. And if the market is not there, then it would we would likely have a response to that that would be some combination of either holding back the turn-in lines or curtailing volumes to alleviate pressure on the market. But I would back up even further than that. And let's say that we see that as we come through this year, the macro conditions change in some unforeseen way and the market doesn't look as strong in 2026 or 2027, then we'll change our capital allocation as well. We've proven, I think, several times over, the flexibility we have there and the willingness to try and be responsive and in front of market conditions to be efficient with our capital relative to where we are in the cycle. So we maintain a ton of flexibility in our business. And this is what we think is the right planning step for today, and we're very prepared for both increasing capital or decreasing capital as conditions warrant.
Scott Hanold: Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for the next question. And our next question will be coming from the line of Devin McDermott of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Devin McDermott: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So I wanted to dive in first on the 2025 activity in a little bit more detail, I definitely agree with the constructive outlook for gas prices this year. Looking back about a month ago, we were flirting with $2 on Henry Hub. So I was wondering if you could talk a bit more about the decision process to pull forward the deferred TILs and then also give a little bit more color on the cadence of that productive capacity throughout this year. I know you have the 1Q guide and the full year number, but how are you thinking about the volume trajectory as we move through 2025 for the business?
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes. Good questions, Devin. So we're again, I want to go back to talking about how we think about the macro and thinking about a 2 to 3-year look of underwriting a price range here, and we've landed at $3.50 to $4. There's a lot that goes into that. And ultimately, you're thinking about the trajectory of supply and demand and all of the features of the market that will impact supply and demand over the next couple of years. And so on the supply side, you're certainly thinking about how many rigs are running, how many wells are being completed, the productivity of those wells, how many pipes are coming online, including from associated gas areas like the Permian and building out a pretty good view of what the supply to the market looks like. On the demand side, we're going to pay a lot of attention to the trends of power generation, and what fuels power generation growth is relying on trends of industrial demand. And then certainly, what we see now as the big driver is the increase in LNG export capacity, which requires a view not just of what that -- of the aggregate capacity, but also a view of the likely utilization of that capacity which, again, we've talked about initially, we think is going to be very, very high, and then over the next few years, would potentially begin to run at less than 100% capacity as more and more comes online. So all of that informs this longer-term view. One of the things that you do pay attention to as a part of all of this analysis is where storage is. So we've had this constructive view on the longer term. And then as we got through this winter, you see that it's been very cold, of course, and storage has drawn down a good bit, which just accelerates the timing at which the market is seeking incremental supply so that storage doesn't run too low. I think the multiyear look hasn't really changed much for us, and all that's changed is that the starting point at which the market is looking for more supply has come to us a little bit sooner as a result of their being a cold winter. We think it's really important to maintain this view that is multiyear, multi-season so that we don't end up chasing a near-term event of price in the market. And then again, to make sure we have the flexibility in our business to continue to review those assumptions over time. I'll ask Josh to comment just on the trajectory of production this year and going into next, because we gave a lot of thought about that as we have the flexibility with our deferred TIL strategy.
Josh Viets: Yes. Devin, we absolutely started to see some strengthening fundamentals as we were exiting the year. And so we did start to bring online some of the deferred TILs at the back end of December. In fact, across the fourth quarter, we brought on about 40 wells, and roughly 25 of those were technically deferred TILs. And what you have to just remember in this is what we've been able to accomplish with just -- let's just say, those 25 wells, those wells could have come online in a $2 gas price environment. But instead, we were able to bring them on into a very strong environment with roughly $4 gas. So we feel really good about that decision. Then as we come into the first quarter, and again, fundamentals remain strong. We talked about weather. We've seen relatively strong LNG feed gas pools as well, which, again, we think is helping to tighten storage. And so across the first quarter, we're anticipating bringing on roughly 90 wells into the markets. And just to give you a little bit of perspective on what that means from a trajectory standpoint, of course, we've guided to a 675 number for Q1. But we expect to grow from the end of December, where our production was just over 6.4 Bcf a day. We expect to exit March around 7 Bcf a day. And so when you talk about kind of short cycle market response to production, that's really what we've created here. And so with the deployment of our deferred TILs, which we expect to be extinguished effectively by the first half of this year, we expect to be kind of up on plane between, say, 7 and 7.1 Bcf a day heading into the second quarter. And we'd expect to maintain that type of production as we exit the year, which then, of course, positions us to be able to benefit from the productive capacity that will now build on this up cycle as we look to exit 2025.
Devin McDermott: Got it. That's really helpful. And my follow-up is on that productive capacity. Slide 8 has the building blocks of capital and also some breakdown of where that incremental $300 million of spending would go. And I think it's notable that it's actually split across Appalachia and the Haynesville, you have some going to each of your core assets. So I was wondering if you could just talk a bit more about how you think about allocating growth capital across the different assets in your portfolio? And maybe as part of that, if you could just address the takeaway situation in Northeast Pennsylvania and how much room there actually is to boost volumes there?
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes. So we think about allocating capital across these assets, just as you alluded to in your question. Our ability to grow is primarily in the Haynesville. In Appalachia, the capital that's coming in there is really in recognition of what the existing capacity is and bringing production up to those capacity levels. We know where we've been able to produce successfully in the past, and we're not going to attempt to go beyond that. So the growth capital that you really see is more about the Haynesville. I just want to remind everybody that we do sit right adjacent to the LNG growth corridor and have 2.5 Bcf a day by the end of this year of capacity to deliver to Gillis. So as you think about where that LNG gas is going to come from, it's going to primarily be sourced from Gillis. We have the LEAP pipeline and the NG3 pipeline and in aggregate, that's 2.5 Bcf a day that gets delivered right to the source of growing demand. And so the incremental volumes that we really think about here as we increase our volume profile into 2026 are focused on meeting that growing demand. This is not delivering volumes into a static environment.
Devin McDermott: Makes sense. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for the next question. And our next question will be coming from the line of Neil Mehta of GS. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Hi, it's Neil Mehta here. Can you hear me okay?
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes, sir.
Neil Mehta: All right, Nick. I just wanted to spend some time just talking about return of capital and capital allocation and those 3 tranches that you outlined in the deck and your objective here in 2025 as you transition from delevering to focusing potentially on shrinking your share count too?
Nick Dell'Osso: Sure. We're pretty happy with the cash flow profile that's in front of us for the next couple of years. One, we've prioritized that pay down. And you can see that really clearly in that waterfall. We've put in place a $500 million debt pay down goal for the year. That's on top of the fact that we retired the outstanding revolving credit facility that was Southwestern's at the close. We've paid down $389 million of bonds that were maturing in January. And then we've done another refinancing, of course, with our first investment-grade issuance that allowed us to push out some maturities. So we have a really good runway in front of us to retire debt and a lot of cash flow to do it. So that $500 million out of our free cash flow will flow towards debt paydown as well as we have a little bit of incremental proceeds from the Eagle Ford sales that will come to us in deferred proceeds in 2025, that will go towards debt paydown as well. So we're taking a pretty good swipe at the balance sheet. We're going to end the year with less than $4.5 billion of net debt based on the recent strip. So we feel pretty good about that. That will obviously be well under one times EBITDA with prices around where they are. I would also remind you that that $500 million is a target that we'll set each year. So next year, we will have another debt paydown target. And what we've attempted to do with this framework is allow for a good balance of ensuring that our balance sheet stays very, very strong. It's, as you know, with the history of our company and the way we've been able to bring assets into the portfolio that have been very accretive to our overall returns profile, we believe you need to have a very strong balance sheet to do that. So we're going to continue to have a really strong balance sheet. You need a strong balance sheet to allocate your capital efficiency and maintain the flexibility to allow production to decrease and increase as we've done over the last year. And that balance sheet strength is such an important part of how we think about our competitive position in the market that it will stay front of mind for us and be protected. And then beyond that, though, we're going to generate a lot of excess free cash flow. And we think that that needs to be returned to shareholders in a pretty significant proportion. So that remaining tranche then, we have the flexibility to return to shareholders, 75% of it either in the form of buybacks or variable dividends. We will use that flexibility to be thoughtful about the most efficient way to do that for shareholders. Over the last couple of years, you've seen us use both. And I wouldn't be surprised if we continue to use both.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Nick, and that kind of brings us to the follow-up, which is you guys have done a great job of hedging the wedge or taking advantage of the constructive forward gas curve. Can you just talk about how you're thinking about the hedging strategy on a go forward? Does hedge the wedge still makes sense? Or have you gotten to an optimal level at this point? And just how you're thinking about that part of risk management?
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes. Our hedging strategy, we feel like has worked really well for us. We had a really nice offset to the low prices last year that supported our cash flow. And despite the fact that gas average for the year about $2.26, we ended the year with a nearly neutral free cash flow position that's really largely supported by our hedges. In 2025, as prices have run quite a bit, are hedge losses are a fraction of what that gain was last year. And that's a function of the fact that we've hedged, we think, on a rolling basis that has really made sense so that we have exposure to the right prices in the market that we're setting the appropriate floors. And we've been able to use a fair amount of collars as we approached the start of 2025. We like the approach. We like having roughly 50% to 60% of the first year hedged and then less in the second year and continuing to lag into those hedges over time. We also would acknowledge that in recent weeks, as prices have been a lot stronger, we're not afraid to shift for near-term prices more towards swaps. You're elevating the floor of your locked-in price, and you're also willing to move to the higher end of your ranges of targeted levels of hedges. We see prices in 2025 that, like I noted a few minutes ago, are well above the marginal break evens in the industry. And when you see that, you want to hedge more, and you want to go ahead and lock in those prices. So that's what we'll continue to do.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for the next question, please. And our next question will be coming from the line of John Freeman of Raymond James. Your line is open.
John Freeman: Good morning, thanks. The first question I had is -- just following up on an earlier question. Josh, when you were kind of going over the accelerated pull forward on the deferred TILs, just to sort of level set kind of the model since I know that the plan is that, as you said, all the TILs basically get exhausted first half of the year, and I believe the plan assumes about 85% of the DUCs get bottom line this year as well. Where did the deferred TILs and the DUCs stand at year-end?
Josh Viets: Yes. So because we started bringing on wells in the back end of the quarter, which was about 25 that's deferred TILs, that left us with about 55 to 60 deferred TILs at year-end and between 50 and 60 DUCs at year-end. And just one comment I would make on the DUCs is that we have assumed a somewhat ratable activation of the DUCs across the year. And of course, there's a capital amount that comes along with that. One of the things we really like about the plan is just to retain flexibility that we have. And we have this option to actually accelerate the completion of the DUCs that creates more flexibility in the year from a production standpoint while holding capital flat. And so though we'll have activated over all of our deferred TILs. We still feel like we've retained flexibility with the DUCs throughout the calendar year.
John Freeman: That's great. And my follow-up, when looking at that Slide 9, it would appear that going from kind of 7.5 Bs a day to call it, 8 plus Bs a day, it looks like just trying to back into what you've got for the CapEx, that it doesn't look like there's like a material kind of increase that's needed on infrastructure spend. It looks like you'll can handle that without any big step change on that front. Is that the right read on that?
Josh Viets: Yes, that is the right read. What you need to remember is just where both companies were operating prior to deal announcement at the end of 2023. And so we have adequate offtake, the infrastructure, both in the field and with the transport is capable. And so effectively with what we're doing right now, we're restoring volumes. And then the productive capacity that we'll build will essentially continue down a path to get us to a spot where we're just more fully utilizing the infrastructure that we have access to.
John Freeman: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for the next question. And our next question will be coming from the line of Paul Diamond of Citi. Your line is open. Paul, your line is open.
Paul Diamond: Apologies, the line cut out there for a second. Good morning, thanks for taking the call. I just wanted to talk about Slide 15. You guys talked about having made some good progress on the -- good progress on the drilling activity. I just wonder if require -- if there was there any opportunity there or the timing of such? Like I guess, how much meat is left on the bone there?
Josh Viets: Yes. We still feel like there's plenty of room to drive improvements. And this is -- this slide on Slide 15, of course, is focused on the Haynesville. And I just -- I would say that we've been incredibly pleased with the progress that the team has made through our diligence process with the transaction. We had pretty clear understanding of what the gap was in terms of days. And we utilized the time of our integration planning really to break that down into wealth segments. And we've used that time, obviously, effectively to allow us to realize more than a 20% improvement in our footage per day and 20% improvement in cost just in the first quarter. And so to your question, we're going to continue to improve on this. And talking to the teams, we know there's additional opportunities. I'm seeing that even just flowing into the first quarter. So we feel really good about the trajectory that we're on. And then the thing that I would also just mention, again, we've focused this in on the Haynesville for this discussion. But we just drilled a 5.5-mile lateral up in West Virginia, and we did so with a single bit run in just over 5 days. And that type of progress that we see in an asset, that clearly has an opportunity to kind of lend itself into the other areas that ultimately translates into incremental synergies. So we definitely think there's meat on the bone and really, really excited about what we have in front of us.
Paul Diamond: Understood. And just 1 quick follow-up. Thinking about the rig adds in second half. How should we think about the timing and cadence? Or is that purely reactive? Or is there a plan for July 1 and then October 1? Just kind of how to think about the timing there?
Josh Viets: Yes, Paul, I'll lay that out for you. The rig adds are premised across the second half of the year. What we're looking at right now is that we'd add a couple of rigs in the third quarter. Those would be destined for the Haynesville and Northeast App. And then in the fourth quarter, we would expect to add a rig in Southwest App and then the ninth rig in the Haynesville.
Paul Diamond: Understood. Appreciate the clarity. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for the next question. And the next question will be coming from the line of Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Nick, to you and Josh and the rest of the Expand team there.
Nick Dell'Osso: Hey Charles.
Charles Meade: Nick, I wanted to ask a question about Page 10. Really, this graph on the left side of the page. And my first reaction when I see this is, it reminds me of my son's high school trigonometry homework. It makes me think maybe whoever came up with this slide is looking at something similar recently. But I think what this is -- this is the -- this is trying to describe the dynamics around the baseline kind of scenario that you're outlining on Page 9. And if that's the right interpretation, I look at this, and I think the message that you're trying to send is that you will be increasing CapEx when you're under producing, presumably when prices are low and that you'll be kind of maximizing CapEx and starting to draw down when prices are higher. But I wonder if you could guide our interpretation of that -- this dynamic that you've laid out here?
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes. You're talking about our attempt to be countercyclical. And generally, I would agree with you. I would say that it's not going to be quite as simple as you just described. But generally, this is a look at how we would attempt to be responsive to market conditions in a way that is faster than the cycles of capital will typically allow you to be in this industry. If we go put capital to work in this industry today, it takes us a couple of years to bring production online and then earn a return on that production. From the point of what you make the decision until the time at which you have the return of capital in the bank from that decision, it's a couple of years. So what you really want is a business that's much more flexible in a market that has conditions to change much faster than that cycle of capital. And this is really meant to describe how we would achieve that. We are very willing to allow production to fall in the near term. And then as you bring production back to move above a targeted midpoint when prices are there to support that. And so what you should think about is you accelerate and decelerate capital if you want to move that middle dash line. But you move above and below that dash line based on the near-term conditions in the market.
Charles Meade: That is helpful, Nick. That adds to my understanding. And then one other thing, Nick, as a follow-up. Twice now, I think you've mentioned marginal breakeven for the industry. Can you share what you think that is and where Expand sits vis-a-vis the industry on that marginal breakeven?
Nick Dell'Osso: Sure. I mean, I think we can all calculate like a specific number in a supply model on what marginal breakeven is. Of course, everybody is going to look at it a little bit differently. So we think that number is -- I'm going to just call it loosely in the mid-3s. And so we think we sit probably on the lower end of that as a business because we have a huge amount of inventory at very, very low cost in the Marcellus, and then we have lower-cost inventory in the Haynesville than some of our peers, lower cost because we still have a lot of development in the core of the Haynesville and also because we have the best capital efficiency in the Haynesville, and we have a slide in the deck that details that. So we think we sit in a really attractive position relative to the industry's marginal breakeven. And that's super important because if you're going to be a company that responds to supply and demand signals, you really need to know where you sit. And if you're at the tail end of that marginal breakeven, you shouldn't be the first company to respond, but I don't think that's where we are. We are most proximate to the growing demand. And in that area of proximity, we have the most capital-efficient assets. And so we really like our competitive position.
Charles Meade: Thanks, Nick.
Nick Dell'Osso: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for the next question, please. And our next question will be coming from the line of Zach Parham of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Zach Parham: Thanks for taking my questions. First, Josh, you mentioned some meat on the bone left on driving D&C costs lower. Have you built any of those incremental D&C declines into the CapEx budget? I mean, you've been consistently coming in at the low end or below on CapEx over the last several quarters. So just trying to get a sense on if that trend could be set to continue?
Josh Viets: Yes. So what I would say is that for the $400 million of synergy, that does account for additional improvements. But I do believe and I have an expectation that we continue to find opportunities to enhance efficiencies through the year. And if realized, will create upside to the capital needed to execute our 2025 program.
Nick Dell'Osso: Zach, one thing I would add to that is just as we think about our synergies over time -- and this goes back to a little bit of a question that Doug was asking at the beginning of the call. We've identified $500 million in synergies that we think are very clearly tied to this merger. Now ongoing, 1 of the reasons you put together businesses like this and the reasons you're excited about it are that there's increasing opportunities each and every day to improve upon your business. So where we see the line between synergies that are directly tied to the merging of the two entities versus ongoing improvements in our business will become more and more gray every day post close. So we're going to be really accountable for this first $500 million, and then we're just going to continue to improve our business every day.
Zach Parham: That's helpful color. And then just wanted to follow up on a couple of the earlier questions. So you currently talked about anchoring to that 7.5 Bcf a day level in 2026, which -- in the slide in the deck, that's based on a mid-cycle price of $3.50. The strips above that level over the next couple of years, do you see any scenarios where you would move production higher from that 7.5 Bcf a day level in 2026? Just trying to get a sense of how flexible you could be there, both going higher and lower?
Nick Dell'Osso: You certainly could go higher, Zach. I think it would take underwriting a price above $4. If you look at that heat map chart, you can see that for us to be comfortable targeting a price above or targeting a level of production above 7.5 Bcf a day, you probably want to be underwriting a price, meaning you have confidence in a forward look for 2 years to 3 years that's $4 or higher. Not quite where we are today. The dynamics for the gas market are super constructive, and we feel really good about the near term here. But we also know that, like I mentioned earlier, these prices will elicit a supply response. And so we want to make sure we're not getting in front of that, and we're thinking through that and prepared for how that dynamic will evolve over time. Our market never responds perfectly and is always overreacting to one side or the other. But given the lack of rig count increase that we've seen as we've gone through this winter, we do think that the supply response should be a bit more muted this time than what we've seen in some past cycles. And we think that's a really encouraging sign for the health of the market longer term. Now if any of those dynamics change and you see that the look out into 2026, 2027, 2028 maintains a more constructive dynamic of supply and demand, then yes, we could underwrite a higher price. I think the most likely thing that would drive that would be if we felt that the utilization of LNG on the Gulf Coast would remain at or near 100%, meaning that demand for LNG around the globe maintained a strong pull on U.S. supply through that entire period. We need to see that evolve. We're not quite there today. The power growth demand story in the U.S. is another angle that could surprise to the upside. You'd have to see a real acceleration in how those plants are built, where they're built, and our ability to supply gas to them. We really like our position for the power demand growth story in the U.S. because we are regionally diversified because we have access to infrastructure that can allow us to grow. So there's a good news story around all of those things. But we want to see that play out before we would underwrite a higher price. I'm using the word underwrite very intentionally, right? We think about making a multiyear investment decision, and we think about it as an underwriting decision that should have an appropriate level of conservatism to it and be prepared to capture upside when it's available to us.
Zach Parham: Thanks, Nick. That makes a lot of sense.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will be coming from the line of Bert Donnes of Truist. Your line is open.
Bertrand Donnes: Hey good morning guys, thanks. On potential data center agreements, maybe what are your thoughts on how involved you need to be in the project? I guess where on the spectrum do you fall if maybe all the way on 1 side is you need to be a part of the upfront spend or maybe all the way on the other side where you just provide the gas and get a fixed price or a premium? And do you think there's room for a consortium of names to provide the gas supply? Or should it be more siloed with each producer having kind of their own individual agreement?
Nick Dell'Osso: Those are good questions, Bert. I don't think they're completely known yet. We're open to all commercial structures associated with the creation and support of long-term demand for our industry. What we like about those projects is that they do represent long-term structural demand, really sticky, not weather-driven, short-term events. So we're open to supporting that in a number of different ways, but we are also very cognizant of our cost of capital and what would be efficient for our shareholders for us to invest. So I don't know that we need to invest capital in the infrastructure. But under the right economic scenarios, would we? Sure. We do definitely focus on what it means from a bottom line standpoint for the gas that we sell and the opportunity that we have to create a total return on our activities. As to whether or not we can do supply agreements like that on our own or you need a consortium, given our scale of supply, investment-grade balance sheet, our ability to deliver gas to a number of different places, we're -- we think it's perfect -- we're perfectly capable of doing things like that on our own, maybe even uniquely so. And at the same time, if there's a series of plants or a series of customers that want to have gas for multiple locations or want some diversity of supply, we can work with others on that as well. But we do think we're well situated to be a sole supplier for certain projects.
Bertrand Donnes: Got you. Very clear. And then just shifting gears a little bit. You outlined most of the potential growth in the productive capacity scenario would come from the Haynesville, but I assume maybe some growth happens in Appalachia at higher prices? And a few of your peers outlined growth plans in Appalachia that I think assume in-basin demand is going to materialize. But could you maybe talk about if you're seeing availability of transportation pickups? I mean, is -- are there roll-offs of other operators that aren't growing? Or just maybe how you think about if there is Appalachian growth, where do those incremental volumes head? Thanks.
Nick Dell'Osso: Another good question, Bert. I think there's a little bit of all of that, not maybe in huge size. So there's always a little bit of roll-off from others as the basins mature. When that happens, we're really well positioned, should we want it to take advantage. There's definitely some in-basin demand growth. And like I said, we're in the middle of a lot of those conversations to try to help encourage that. There's discussion of new infrastructure, and you've seen some of that in the press lately, and we're going to pay really close attention to that. And if those projects make sense, we'll be a part of that as well. The assets that we have in Appalachia, particularly our Northeast Pennsylvania position, is the most economic gas in the United States. And any opportunity that we have to deliver more of that into a constructive market with durable demand, you should expect we will seek and achieve. So those things are hard to make happen or they would have happened several times over, but there's probably a better opportunity to see those things happen today than there has been in quite a long time.
Bertrand Donnes: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's Q&A session. I would like to turn the call over to Nick for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Nick Dell'Osso: Thanks, everybody, for joining the call today. We're really excited about what 2025 and 2026 has in store for us. The market has been volatile, and we are better prepared for that volatility, we think, than just about anybody else out there. We look forward to using that preparation and flexibility in our business to create incremental and attractive return for shareholders. We'll all be on the road quite a bit over the next few weeks. And so probably see several of you out on the conference circuit and look forward to engaging with everybody. Talk to you soon. Thanks.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you so much for joining. You may all disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Expand Energy Corporation's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Christopher Ayers, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Ayers: Thanks, Jonathan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call to discuss Expand Energy's third quarter 2024 financial and operating results. Hopefully, you've had a chance to review our press release and the updated investor presentation that we posted to our website yesterday. During this morning's call, we will be making forward-looking statements, which consist of statements that can neither be confirmed by reference to existing information, including statements regarding our goals, beliefs, expectations, forecasts, projections, and future performance, and the assumption underlying such statements. Please also note there are a number of factors that will cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statement, including the factors identified and discussed in our press release yesterday and in other SEC filings. Please also recognize that except as required by law, we undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. We may also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures which help facilitate comparisons across periods and with peers. For any non-GAAP measure, we use a reconciliation to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure and can be found on our website. With me today on the call are Nick Dell'Osso, Mohit Singh, and Josh Viets. Nick will give a brief overview of our results, and then we'll open up the teleconference to Q&A. So, with that, thank you again and turn the time over to Nick.
Nick Dell'Osso: Good morning and thank you for joining Expand Energy's first earnings call. This is an exciting time for our company, and I look forward to briefly highlighting our third quarter results and providing our preliminary outlook for 2025. The integration of our two companies is off to a great start. Through the first month, we've seen plenty of accomplishments and are ahead of schedule with our integration plans. Our early success is a testament to the quality of our employees and their commitment to making Expand Energy a leading energy producer. For the two standalone companies, we see significant momentum heading into 2025 with solid third quarter results, delivering impressive operational gains which will enhance future margins and profitability. A few notable achievements from the quarter include the combined company produced 6.75 BCFE per day while continuing to build productive capacity through our deferred completions and turning lines. Legacy Chesapeake drilling operations delivered record quarterly feed per day in the Haynesville and Northeast Appalachia, while the company also set monthly and quarterly completion records for total hours pumped in Northeast Appalachia. Not to be outdone, Legacy Southwestern drilled a 25,191-foot lateral in Southwest Appalachia, a record lateral length for a lower 48 onshore well. Now I'd like to talk about why we are so excited about what this company will deliver for our shareholders and energy consumers alike starting with 2025. Our preliminary capital and operational plans illustrate the powerful combination of Expand Energy and our outlook for enhanced operational efficiencies. We are truly better together with a portfolio that will be more competitive and resilient in all price cycles. Our preliminary outlook for 2025 includes approximately $2.7 billion of total capital to deliver an average of 7 BCFE per day. Compared to Chesapeake's standalone maintenance level, this represents a 120% increase in production with only an 80% increase in capital. Our strong outlook will be driven by the achievement of our synergies and capturing significant capital and operating efficiencies. I recognize many companies promise synergies. For us, the definition of success is clear. It's all about capital and operating efficiencies resulting in spending less while producing more. In 2025, our capital efficiency should benefit from the deferred activity we built during 2024. Importantly, however, we expect this capital efficiency ratio to hold as our synergy realization builds and operating efficiencies continue to deliver higher value for every dollar spent. This ensures we deliver better financial performance during down cycles and more free cash flow during periods of higher prices. Our competence in our preliminary plan is based on our early integration wins, which have positioned us to raise our expected annual synergies target by 25% to $500 million. The extended period between deal announcement and close allowed us to hit the ground running. In the initial weeks of Expand Energy, we have already successfully drilled telemetry data from all drilling rigs, successfully streamed drilling telemetry data from all drilling rigs to our drilling ops center, allowing real-time optimization, redirected legacy Southwestern produced water to owned water disposal assets, saving $1 per barrel, and implemented a new org structure to ensure Expand Energy is comprised of the best talent while capturing the best work processes from both organizations. Given our strong start, we expect to achieve approximately $225 million in synergies, which is more than 50% of our original synergy target next year and are well on our way to achieving the full $500 million annual target by year end 2027. Our strategy to build productive capacity will also provide a strong tailwind into 2025. We're on track to build approximately 80 deferred tills and up to one BCF per day of short cycle capacity by year-end. We will be prudent in turning production online and ready to rapidly respond to market condition when pricing improves. Ultimately, while we don't know exactly how prices will respond, we do expect market volatility to continue. Expand Energy was built to deliver through cycles, and our hedge-to-wedge strategy provides great confidence in our financial outlook as we benefit from attractive collars and ceilings that are priced well into the $4 per MMBtu range. Simply put, we have effectively protected our 2025 program from a prolonged down cycle while ensuring we can still capture significant upside value in periods of higher prices. While our powerful portfolio and efficient operations are keys to our sustainable success, so too is our resilient balance sheet and capital returns program. We achieved an investment-grade credit rating upon close, allowing us to transition our RBL to unsecured, eliminate financing costs, and ultimately access capital at more attractive rates. Our investment-grade rating strengthens our position with counterparties as we continue to execute our LNG-ready strategy and supply power to domestic markets in need. We understand the importance of a strong balance sheet and peer-leading shareholder returns, both hallmarks of legacy Chesapeake since our restructuring. To ensure financial strength remains a pillar of Expand Energy, we are enhancing our capital return framework to reduce net debt while maintaining an attractive capital return to shareholders. Our new framework prioritizes the base dividend and debt reduction while including a $1 billion share repurchase authorization and the opportunity for future variable dividends when market conditions warrant. I have said before, the world is short energy. As the largest domestic producer of natural gas with an advantage portfolio, resilient financial foundation, and geographically diverse assets, we are built to answer the call of increased domestic and international demand, as well as thrive in the volatility that will naturally follow this rapidly evolving market. In doing so, we are primed to expand opportunity for all stakeholders. I look forward to updating you on our progress, and we're now pleased to address your questions.
Operator: Certainly. And our first question comes from the line of Kevin McCurdy from Pickering Energy Partners. Your question, please.
Kevin McCurdy: My first question is on the capital costs. I think the outlook for $2.7 billion in 2025 was lower than expected. My question is, how did the $225 million in synergies in 2025 compare to your original target? And what else are you seeing on the well costs in your legacy assets? It looks like quarterly production came in, or quarterly CapEx came in lower than expected again this quarter.
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes, I'll just start by noting that the $225 million increase is a combination of a few things. It is heavy on the capital side, though. I'll let Josh give you the specifics.
Josh Viets: Yes. Hey, Kevin. On the $225 million, about $75 million of that's going to be attributed to CapEx. But just as a comparison to where we started, one of the things that we had talked about with the $400 million, which is what we described at the transaction rollout, is that $400 would be delivered about a third, a third, a third. So cumulative building over a three-year time period. So you're talking about almost a $100 million increase in year one as far as what we're able to deliver from a synergy standpoint. Your second question, just in regards to well cost trends, you're really just incredibly pleased with the execution performance that we've seen. Nick referenced a couple of the highlights for the quarter, record pumping month within our Northeast app. We've seen record footage per day really across the entire company, including one of the more challenging places to drill in the NFC of the Haynesville, where we averaged just under 900 feet a day, which again is a record for the company. And then of course, we have seen some deflationary elements show up as well, and that's really carrying on into the fourth quarter. And we expect to see a little bit more market softness heading into the first quarter and all that's been accounted for within the current plan.
Kevin McCurdy: Great. And my follow-up is on OpEx, and I know you don't have all the details yet on 2025, but just curious if the 4Q OpEx guidance is a good starting point for next year, or is there anything else that you've identified synergies on the OpEx side in the near term?
Josh Viets: Yes. I think the Q4 number is relatively good as far as where we've pegged the range there. We will start to see a little more synergy show up specifically on the water disposal side of the business in the Haynesville. And then of course, the plan that we've rolled out, we've shown production modestly growing through the course of the year. But the Q4 number and the guide that we've offered there is a relatively good starting point for you.
Kevin McCurdy: Thank you, and congratulations on closing the deal.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Wolfe Research. Your question please.
Doug Leggate: I guess, Nick, first of all, I'll also add my congratulations to the synergy uptake, but forgive me for this one. I guess we're never happy with synergy targets because they tend to be risked at the outset. You obviously never want to put a number out that you can't deliver. So I guess my question is that, are you done in terms of your view of what you think the merger can deliver? There are a lot of things discussed when we went to the Haynesville with you last year in terms of what you could do differently. Obviously, you've got a chance to potentially refinance some of the higher cost debt, although the debt maturity side looks pretty attractive. There's a lot of things that you could take off, a bunch of different things. So I guess my question is, how have you risked the delivery of the synergies? How would you characterize the medium-term outlook? Where are we going to be sitting this time next year in terms of how this target looks?
Nick Dell'Osso: Frankly, I love that question, Doug. So to directly answer the question, are we done? I certainly hope not. We are pretty methodical and deliberate about how we determine what we're going to consider a synergy, how we're going to project it, and ensure that it is tangible and quantitative in nature. That said, this is now a huge portfolio of assets with tons of opportunity in it. And the opportunity exists across the entire portfolio. As you think about all of the learnings that come together from operating across both legacy companies' portfolios, you think about the talent and the teams that come together, you think about the number of rigs that we're running, the number of acres that we're maintaining on a daily basis, the operating platform that we will manage. And then in addition to that, as you noted, the balance sheet implications of this larger, stronger organization. There's a lot of things for us to do here. And we believe that scale can offer a lot of really significant opportunities. We've captured a good many of those in our synergy projection. We've been able to increase it today because we had a good long time period to plan for closing. And we were able to gain confidence in some things that we thought were potential, but we now consider to be absolutely part of our plan. I would love for us to continue to add to that number over time. But in order for us to do that and call something a synergy, it's going to have to meet the same criteria that we've put into calling the $500 million that you see in our model today as synergies. And it's a reasonably high bar and a high bar for a good reason. We want to be able to deliver something that we have great confidence that we can deliver and that we can prove when we call something a synergy like this. The last thing I would say is keep in mind, Legacy Chesapeake did two acquisitions over the last couple of years. Legacy Southwestern did three over the last three or four years as well. So we have a lot of practice at bringing together operating teams, creating synergies, tracking them, and understanding what is possible and what's not. And so I think our track record here is something that we're going to rely on. And the learning history is important to us as we think about how we have confidence and what's in front of us and knowing that we can deliver on the numbers that we're providing.
Doug Leggate: Very cool answer, Nick. I guess you're right. The track record, the history, and the experience you've got of integration is something that I don't think all of us should forget. My follow-up is kind of a macro question. We ask you this question a lot, but on slide 10, you've laid out the cadence potentially of bringing back production. I'll be blunt. I think there is some skepticism on the capital efficiency benefits you're getting from drilling wells, not completely not bringing them online. So I wonder if I could ask you to speak to your confidence in the 2.7, 2.8 sustaining capital. And more importantly, what are the conditions under which you would not bring back this production in 2025?
Nick Dell'Osso: Another great question. So first, our confidence in it is very, very high. And it's not just confidence in the 2.7 for 2025. We gave you, in addition to that, another slide in the deck where we show you a 2027 look, which is an opportunity for us to show you what our capital efficiency looks like when all of the tailwind of the deferred activity from 2024 has rolled completely through the system. And what happens is that you have capital efficiency benefit from the deferred activity in 2025. As that capital efficiency winds down from that tailwind, that efficiency is replaced with the synergies associated with our cost reductions from the merger. And so we think that the ratio, effectively, of CapEx to production that you see in 2025 is sustainable going forward. Now, what could cause us not to do it? Lots of things. We have complete control over, to reference the same slide, slide 10, there is a wedge of production on those slides, on that slide, that shows in a light blue color that represents the volumes from the deferred activity. That's completely at our control as to whether or not we bring that online. And if prices are soft as we come through winter and if we have congestion in storage and the supply-demand fundamentals are weaker than the forward strip would indicate today, then these volumes don't need to come online, and we can moderate this accordingly. So we have a lot of control over this and a lot of confidence in our ability to deliver on it. And we have a lot of confidence in our ability to hold this capital efficiency into the future.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Portillo from TPH. Your question, please.
Matthew Portillo: Just a quick question around the opportunities for additional optimization, as you mentioned, maybe a bit longer dated, but curious on the midstream side, specifically thinking about maybe some of your contracts in the Northeast, but also in the Haynesville. Do you guys see any opportunity over the next few years to optimize your midstream and marketing side of the business?
Mohit Singh: Good morning, Matt. This is Mohit. That's a great question as well. Just a reminder, we closed the transaction on October 1, so fast forward 30 days. So still very early days. Right now, if you look at the state of the business, we are operating two marketing books, but we do have plans to combine the books come January 1, 2025, and continue to flesh out what marketing synergies that we are expecting to get a little bit more specific around what we are doing around M&T integration. As I mentioned, joining the trade books, name updates in the contracts and ASB consolidation, ETRM back office integration. The high-level answer to your question is we are beginning to optimize flows. We are trying to get more of our production to premium markets, and we are beginning to have some early wins. If you start looking in Northeast app, there's a certain amount of equity gas that we were able to move from Chesapeake production and move it into some FT that SWN had, which was idle. In Haynesville, we have utilized some of the SWN FT to move Chesapeake equity gas to more premium markets using some specific pipes that we had access to. Similarly, we are in Southwest app using the Southwest app firm capacity to fill Chesapeake legacy pool sales. So all those are early wins. We are super excited at this point of time. Over time, as we bring the two trade books together and integrate the two businesses together, then we'll share some more details around that.
Matthew Portillo: Great. Then maybe just as a follow-up on drilling and completion, I know you all had highlighted really the opportunity to drive down costs at the drill bit given faster cycle times, specifically in the Haynesville. But I was curious if you landed on a fluid loading design there. I think there was a bit of a difference in how you all historically at Chesapeake looked at fluid loading versus how maybe Southwestern looked at it and if that's been incorporated into your outlook in 2025 and beyond in terms of cost savings.
Josh Viets: Good morning, Matt. Yeah, we absolutely did. I guess maybe to go back to our original synergy target, the $400 million a year, $130 million of that was attributed to what we described as drilling and completion synergies, but that was really entirely tied to drilling improvements. The reasons we decided to not at the time include any completion synergies is we just know how sensitive completion designs are to productivity and therefore wealth economics. And so we really wanted to take our time, which we have now done through the integration planning process, to be able to combine the two companies' data sets, assess the implications of various design changes and its impact to productivity and therefore wealth economics. And as we've come out now with an incremental $100 million, we have now included some synergies that we see associated with completion designs and some of the components of that. You mentioned fluid intensity. We will be dialing back fluid intensity a little bit, but on the flip side, we'll be increasing profit intensity we expect in the Haynesville going forward. In addition, there are some savings we can realize by changing the perforation design as well, such as increasing our stage links and using an extreme limited entry completion design. So these are all things that the combined teams with these new data sets that we can look at in its entirety really start to think about how we optimize the program going forward. So to Nick's earlier point, we're not done and we think as the teams continue to work together, we'll be able to push synergies even higher.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of [Kaylee Ackermann] [ph]. Your question, please, from Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: This question also goes to the capital budget and maybe the optics of it. I'm wondering if you can remind us how Capital Southwestern was capitalizing and then maybe offer some soft guide for interest expense in 2025. The rub here is that you guys have done a great job in grinding down that capital number, and I guess some are just trying to bridge from a previous reference point.
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes. Hey, Kaylie, I'll start with that. Let's start with the capitalization. We'll be able to give you full details on how things were capitalized and what they look like under our program as we give full guidance next year. But it's not a huge number that comes out of CapEx. It's in the, I would say, mid to low single-digit percentages of the capital number. So then on the next point about interest expense, our weighted average cost of interest is going to be in the 5.7 to 5.8 range. And so you can take that across the debt stack and come up with a pretty good number there.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. I appreciate that. My second one is just more housekeeping. Can you remind us how much production capacity that you currently have curtailed by basin and maybe offer any insights as to where you think the industry is? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Josh Viets: Yes. Good morning. So for us internally, today we have around 200 million cubic feet a day of net gas that's curtailed, and that's pretty evenly split across the Haynesville and the Northeast. That 200 million a day, that's really something that we look at day in and day out and just understanding how market conditions are going to be moving by the day and by the week, just given local changes in demand. And so that's a pretty fluid number. And just like we've been in the past, we'll be responsive to market conditions. You asked about the industry number. That's, I would say, a little bit harder to peg down, and it's probably something we've shied away from commenting on directly just because we don't have direct access to individual companies' data.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Neil Mehta: So first question is just the Enhanced Capital Returns Framework, slide 13. Maybe you could spend some time talking about, as you evaluated all the different strategies about allocating and returning capital, why did you optimize towards this design? And how should investors be thinking about the cadence of capital returns as we get into 2025, now that you have a little more visibility through the hedging program? Thanks.
Mohit Singh: Yes. Thanks for that question, Neil. This is Mohit. Let me start by first acknowledging that the two things that we are trying to address with this framework, one is, as you said, returning cash back to the shareholders. And number two would be reducing our net debt. So when we look at the framework that you outlined or referenced on Slide 13, the first tranche of free cash flow, what we are doing is retreating our commitment to the base dividend, which we deem as sacrosanct. So that is not changing. That will be roughly $500 million per annum. The next tranche of free cash flow, if there's any, we acknowledge that the prior framework did not do enough to bring consistent and annual deleveraging efforts into place. So we are trying to use the Tranche 2 of free cash flow towards net debt reduction, which essentially formalizes the debt pay down. Post the merger, we have inherited the SWN debt, so we need to have a formal plan for paying down that debt. And finally, in Tranche 3, which will be any remaining free cash flow, what we are trying to do is provide a higher portion, which is 75% of that Tranche 3, as opposed to 50% before, of the remaining free cash flow, which will go towards additional returns to equity in the form of either buybacks or a variable dividend, which we will determine based on market condition. So in summary, we see this enhanced framework as a strong way to reassure shareholders that we are committed to net debt pay down while continuing to deliver shareholder assurance.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Mo. And just a follow-up on the macro. Nick, you've talked about your view of mid-cycle over the years. I'd be just curious how you think about the moving pieces here as we go through '25 and '26. You've got obviously a huge LNG ramp as we go through '26, but you've got global capacity on the other side. And we're seeing power demand really surprised to the upside, but there's a lot of spare capacity. So it feels like there are a lot of moving pieces. Curious on your views and has this enthusiasm around AI and power demand changed your view of mid-cycle to the upside at all?
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes, good question, Neil. So I would say, first thing, I very much agree there's a lot of moving pieces. And what that means to us is there will be volatility. I think you touched on the key moving pieces, which are that LNG demand or LNG export capacity is growing rapidly. Exactly how that demand manifests itself with a call on U.S. gas as a function of demand internationally as well as competing supply internationally, those two things will continue to move around. Demand domestically is clearly growing and growing faster than I think a lot of models were predicting, I'll say, one to two years ago in the form of power generation. So that's a pretty encouraging sign. A lot of the power gen around AI is going to take several more years to develop. And so we expect that trend to be structural and long-term and provide a pretty important tailwind. The only other thing I would comment on in that macro picture is that currently and continuing through, we believe, at least most of 2025, we're going to see supply be flat to down. Right now, at this very current moment, you've seen supply tick up over the last actually just few days, but through October, end of October, it's pretty common to see volumes tick up as people have managed their capital allocation for the year to bring more volumes on during the winter. It's something I think the industry has done a better job of aligning production with demand around winter weather. So that's not a surprising trend to see. But if you think about the rig count that we have for gas in the lower 48, it's down quite a bit, and it's not positioned to grow. The only offset being Permian will grow as Permian has capacity in transportation. We saw the Matterhorn pipeline come online in October. It is filling up. It is not quite full yet. So we will see that capacity fill over the next several weeks and maybe months. And then after that, I think you see limited growth in the Permian until the next big pipe comes online. And you see the capital allocation around dry gas and rich gas areas driving production to be flat to down. And we don't see a rig count change in the immediate future, given that the forward strip really doesn't encourage growth for anything that has a break-even anywhere around $3. You're kind of right there. So I think you're seeing the industry show some discipline around how we allocate capital and learning from cycles and the trend that we believe we're observing is that supply is going to be flat to down and probably remain that way until you see a rig count change, which then has quite a lag time to it. So the dynamics for supply-demand fundamentals for gas are very strong. We are terrible predictors about when that shows up. Winter weather will have a huge impact on the timing of when supply and demand come together to change the character of the strip, but we definitely see it changing sometime in the relatively near future.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Nitin Kumar from Mizuho. Your question, please. You might have your phone on mute.
Nitin Kumar: Obviously, there's a lot of things we're trying to unpack with the long-term efficiencies here. So sorry to ask this, but in 2025, you've said $2.7 billion. And I think, Nick, you mentioned long-term in 2027 when all the synergies are under your belt, it's about $2.8. Can you help us bridge the gap in 2026? You should still have some DUCs by our math, but also you should probably be adding activity. So how does capital trend between 2025 and 2026 and 2027?
Josh Viets: Well, yes, it's a good question, Nitin. I'll take that. Clearly, we're going to have some benefits heading into 2026 from the DUCs as you indicated. And so, of course, we'll be drawing down that DUC capacity as we head to the end of the year. So you are leveraging some of that productive capacity even in 2026. As you mentioned, we'll be adding some activity back. And in fact, included in the 2025 plan, we start adding back a little bit of rig activity, which is accounted for in the $2.7 billion. So you're going to be exiting 2025 at around 12 rigs. So you are assuming a little bit higher activity. But I think the other key thing to remember is that the synergy realization increases as well going into 2026. And so our expectation for the 26 capital would be that we're in line with the $2.7 billion, maybe even just slightly below, given the realization pace for synergies.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks for that color. The second part I want to maybe talk about is marketing. When you announced the deal with Southwestern, you had talked about the expanded scale of the company and you got the investment grade. So maybe if you can give us a little color on how the efforts to market gas to more premium price points is going. And specifically, the market's focused on direct supply to AI data centers and power generation. Any thoughts on sort of how that market's shaping up?
Mohit Singh: Yes, Nitin, good morning. Mohit here. Thanks for those questions. I'll take the first one first. As I said earlier, on the M&T side, we are beginning to optimize flow to premium markets. And we've had some early wins, which I outlined earlier in the call. You should remember that marketing is one side of the business where due to commercial sensitivity, we could not truly get into the contractual details until the merger had closed. So we are still in the early innings. It's October 1, the merger closed, and we are going through all the contracts and figuring out where the optimization lies. But very encouraged by the early wins that we have had on that front. On the other part of your question, which is around the AI data center power demand, so again, those conversations have been happening in the background and we are in the process of consolidating the efforts that Legacy Southwestern was doing on its end and what Legacy Chesapeake was doing on our end. It's fair to say there's lots of interest from all the different stakeholders involved in that value chain, whether it's developers, whether it's power generation companies, whether it's end users, and obviously the midstream and the upstream suppliers. So trying to bring the consortium together, we are having tons of conversations with all the right stakeholders, and these things take a little bit of time, but we remain very encouraged and very engaged with all the right stakeholders.
Nick Dell'Osso: Hey, Nitin. And let me just add that one of the things we really like about our portfolio is the geographic diversity that allows us to be responsive to both of these really significant trends in demand in the industry, which is growing LNG export capacity as well as growing domestic power generation, and having gas across both northeast Pennsylvania and West Virginia, Ohio areas of Appalachia, and then also proximity to the Gulf Coast with the Haynesville. We're really uniquely positioned to respond to both. Our Haynesville gas can go directly south, it can move east. Obviously, Appalachia has its various outlets that move gas south, southeast, and then some gas that can get west as well. So we really like the setup of this business and the scale of production that we have and our ability to meet multiple markets from a company that has the financial strength to create the customer relationships for very long periods of time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Josh Silverstein from UBS. Your question, please.
Josh Silverstein: So you showed a pretty big step change in capital efficiency on the pro forma outlook, but you also were seeing this in the standalone company. I'm curious where the bigger step change in efficiency is, whether that's in the Haynesville or the Marcellus?
Josh Viets: Yes. It's a good question, Josh. I mean, I would say it's pretty equitable between the two. I think both of our operating teams in those areas have done a tremendous job this year. And so we're seeing both operational efficiencies as well as, in conjunction with their supply chain teams, capturing deflation. And so I think it's equitable, and my expectation is we continue to see these step changes through time as well.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. And then looking back at the standalone companies before the merger, you guys had the capacity to produce over eight bcfe per day. The outlook for next year is seven. Do you see a scenario longer term where you get back to that level? Does that all come from the Haynesville, because there's more growth there? I'm just curious how you think about the longer term production profile of the company.
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes. Hey, Josh, it's a great question. We love the fact that this portfolio has the capacity to grow. And obviously, if there's growth volumes, it'll primarily come from the Haynesville. But we do have curtailed capacity across the Appalachian region right now as well. So some of that volume can come back, and then true growth can come from the Haynesville. Choosing to be at seven BCF a day in 2025 is exactly that. It's a choice. And how and when we decide to bring volumes back is going to be directly informed by the macro conditions and seeing the market have a call for the gas that we can produce. And we expect that to happen. But we also expect there to be continued volatility. So what we've liked about what we did in 2024 is that we use the strengths of the company, which is our capital efficiency and our balance sheet strength, to allow for a continued efficient development capital program that did not necessarily have to tie to the immediate delivery of volumes associated with that so that we can better time the delivery of volumes to the market needs without having to ramp our capital program up and down too severely. We expect to be able to continue that kind of decision making in the new company in the combined portfolio. And frankly, we expect to be able to do it better because scale helps, balance sheet strength helps, and you have to have an active hedging program. All of those things get better with our size and with our efficiencies of the synergies that we're bringing together. So it's a choice. We can ramp when and as needed. And we can ramp down when and as needed. And we have the complete flexibility to do that. And I think we've shown a willingness to do that probably beyond what anybody else has shown.
Josh Viets: Yes, Josh, I'll just add on to that a little bit. I just want to kind of reinforce the production profile that we show on Slide 10. We've always said we want to be incredibly responsive to market conditions, and we think the plan that we've laid out does that. We'll be at our low point in production at around 6.4 BCF a day equivalent in Q4. And then as we begin to activate the deferred tilts, we start to activate the DUCs, we do see a pretty steady growth trajectory throughout 2025. And of course, this is all kind of predicated on our view of the market today. But most importantly, just want to point out as we're exiting 2025, we anticipate being above 7 BCF a day, we'll be around 7.2. And you know, that's a number that not saying we're going to hold that flat, but it's really just pointing to the fact that we do have some underlying growth occurring. And we think it matches fairly well, the demand trends that we see showing up throughout the course of the next 12 months.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Your question, please.
Charles Meade: Nick, I want to go back to, you've talked a lot, you've got a lot of questions on the capital efficiency and the progression. And it makes sense because as positive as your '25 guide is for CapEx, I think that the bigger surprise to me, and I think to a lot of people is the 2.8 number for 2006. I wanted to ask you, maybe ask you a question along these lines, but from a different angle. If I look at Slide nine, and this goes back to a comment you made earlier in the year, where you talked about '24 investing in working capital. And if I look at that, I look at your DUC and your tilt count there for 4Q, I recognize those are gross numbers, but it looks to me like you kind of have up, on a net basis of working capital, kind of unproductive working capital or investment of working capital, about 800 million at year end. And so, maybe you roll off 500 of that in '25, and another 300 million in '26, as you know, you talked about, I think Josh talked about this earlier, where you get the benefit of the tilts in '25 and the DUCs in '26. But still, even though you're rolling in synergies, still, at least to me, in this framework, it looks like your longer term sustainable CapEx is actually something north of 2.8, more like 2.9 or 3. So is that a fair framework? And if it is, what am I missing there?
Josh Viets: Well, yes. Hey, Charles, I'll take that. One of the things I just need to remind folks is that we have layered in synergies. And it's just important that as we work out throughout 2027, that those synergies start to show up in a more way, a more heavy way. And though the synergy today is going to be probably more geared towards, the P&L, specifically G&A, as you work out over the next three years, you become more efficient from a capital standpoint. And it's really those capital efficiencies that start to help and support the 2.8 number that we've rolled out yesterday.
Charles Meade: Okay. Okay. Thank you for that, Josh. And then one other question. There was a transaction announced this morning on Northeast Marcellus, where you guys are an operator. And to me, that looked like a pretty attractive price to the seller. But I'm sure you guys were paying attention. But I wondered if you could just offer any comment on how involved you were in the process or whether or your thoughts on the valuation or anything you'd like to share there.
Nick Dell'Osso: No, we don't really have anything to add to that. Obviously, we've been pretty focused on getting this merger closed and working on delivering the synergies that are in front of us today, which is our top priority.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Leo Mariani from ROTH. Your question, please.
Leo Mariani: I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the comments around maintenance CapEx here. So I think you guys are kind of saying that the 2.8 billion is more kind of related to the 7 bcfe per day here. I wanted to see if maybe we could get any kind of sensitivity around that. For example, if the production eventually grows to something more like 7.5 bcfe a day, would you have a maintenance CapEx level kind of associated with that?
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes. We're going to hold off on giving anybody an exact number to tie to what future production profiles would look like. Obviously, if you're going to grow volumes up to 7.5 BCF a day, you'd spend a little bit more. But we still think it should be in the neighborhood of 3 billion-ish, all else equal. Of course, when you get to that point, probably all else will not be equal. So it's really hard for us to give you an exact number. But the efficiency here holds, and we're really pleased with how it sets up. And we know we have the ability to grow this production profile when and how we choose.
Leo Mariani: Okay. I appreciate that. And I just wanted to ask you guys on the debt reduction target. So I think you guys are talking about a 1.1 billion debt reduction by the end of 2025. I'm just curious, does that number include, I think Southwestern had around a $500 million revolver balance, I think you guys paid off roughly at the close of the deal. I'm just trying to get a sense if that's included in the 1.1, which I guess would imply maybe an additional $600 million next year. Just trying to understand how the debt gets paid down here.
Mohit Singh: Yes, thanks for that question, Leo. This is Mohit. So let me give you a walk. From the Chesapeake side, we had roughly a billion dollars of cash on hand. You're correct that Southwestern at closing had $585 million drawn on the revolver. And that was all repaid in full and that credit facility has been retired and paid off. We also inherited $126 million of cash that Southwestern had on the balance sheet. So that also comes into play. When you think about forecasting what will happen into 4Q, we'll pay the employee severance costs, we'll pay the transaction costs, we'll pay the dividend, which is paid out in 4Q. And when you factor all of that in, we predict that we'll end the year of 2024 with roughly $200 to $300 million of cash in hand. To your other point, we have the SWN 5.7% note coming due in January 2025, so it's redeemable at par. We'll utilize some of the cash on hand to redeem it at par somewhere along the course. But the good number to keep in mind would be $200 million to $300 million of cash end of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Scialla from Stephens. Your question, please.
Michael Scialla: I wanted to see how the '25 plan might change in a downside case if we had a mild winter, market remained oversupplied. Would you hold off on bringing the deferred tilts back online, or how do you weigh that against holding off on spending the capital on the DUCs?
Nick Dell'Osso: Yes, we'd certainly look to hold back on volumes in one way or another, either by spending less money in 2025 or holding back on the deferred activity from 2024, probably some combination thereof. What we don't want to do is continue to add to our deferred activity balance. So if we are not wanting to see volumes increase from these levels, we'll be pulling back capital at the same time. But now we have tons of flexibility and ready to be completely responsive to the market.
Josh Viets: Yes, and, Michael, I'll just maybe add on to that. The other thing that the plan is reflecting is we're going from 12 to 10 rigs in the first quarter of the year. And, again, that decision is really around the fact that we feel the productive capacity that we've built is just simply adequate, and we don't want to add on to that. And so as we work down the DUC inventory throughout the course of the year, what we'd assumed in the plan and included in the $2.7 billion is starting to add rigs back in the second half of the year. And, of course, in a weaker environment, we would just simply choose not to add those rigs back.
Michael Scialla: That makes sense. Okay. And then, Mohit, you walked us through Slide 13 on the new Enhanced Capital Returns Framework. I wanted to see, as things stand right now, how you're thinking about buyback versus variable dividend, just given where the stock price is today.
Mohit Singh: Yes, thanks for that question, Mike. That's something that we constantly monitor. You can imagine we were restricted until the transaction closed. But now that that's behind us, that's something that we constantly, as I said, re-evaluate. You should think of it in terms of where we are in the cycle, right? So if you are in the up cycle, the prices are higher, the business is generating a lot more free cash flow. And we like the variable dividend in that scenario because it introduces some element of rigor and discipline in terms of distributions back to the shareholders. And conversely, when you're in the down part of the cycle, which is where you can expect there to be some dislocation in the stock price versus where we think the intrinsic value is, then maybe that's the time to be more proactive on the buyback. When you put the two things together in an up cycle, maybe you're doing more variable dividends. In a down cycle, maybe you're doing more buybacks. And blended between the two of them, you're kind of delivering something which is less volatile and more even for the investors. But that's roughly how we think about it. There's obviously quite a bit more detail around it, but that's how I would describe it at a high level.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Geoff Jay from Daniel Energy Partners. Your question, please.
Geoff Jay: My question is kind of on the 2.8 maintenance CapEx that you threw out there. What sort of activity level does that contemplate in terms of rig count? In other words, I know you're going to 10 in the first quarter. You take it back to 12 fourth quarter. Does that 2.8 contemplate like 12 or you go back to the 14 you had in the third quarter, just kind of trying to understand what the initial thought there is?
Josh Viets: Yes, Geoff. We would expect that 2.8 billion number that we'd be averaging in and around the 12 rigs.
Geoff Jay: Okay, great. And then maybe to take the inverse of some of the other questions, what would you have to see in terms of market conditions or future strip to bring back those two rigs you're dropping quicker?
Nick Dell'Osso: Well, I think it's just all about the fundamentals, Geoff. I mean, we've talked all year about how we have looked at the decision to defer turning lines and defer completions and pointing to the fact that it's not just about a price on the screen. It's about really looking at a number of different measures that we think are indicative of the underlying fundamentals of the market. We really want to see that the market needs an incremental volume. And when we believe that the market needs incremental volume, then we believe that bringing volume back should provide a more sustainable economic benefit to us. What we don't want to do is see a very short-term spike in price, respond to that, try to bring activity back, know that there's a much longer lag time and destroy capital in the process. So we're really looking for the structural need for supply to be called for, and then we'll bring activity back when we see that.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from the line of Phillips Johnston from Capital One Securities. Your question, please.
Phillips Johnston: Just one for me to follow up for Mohit, just on the new return of capital framework and really the tranche to net debt reduction component. I think you noted the idea is to pay down $500 million annually, not just next year, but also kind of going forward as well. Should we think about the $4.5 billion net debt level target and the sub one times leverage ratio target? That's kind of the point where you would sort of tilt the mix more towards return to shareholders once those are achieved, or would you continue to ratchet down debt with $500 million a year per year of debt payout?
Mohit Singh: Yes, thanks for that question, Phillips. So just as a reminder, the 500 number that we have laid out, that's for 2025. That's the number that we intend to re-peg every year. So it could be different in 2026, but at the very least, our game plan is to get the absolute debt level down to $4.5 billion, as you pointed out. And just as a reminder, the way we view that is trying to get our gearing to one turn, so at mid-cycle pricing. So think of $3 per MCF gas price. At that point, business generates around $4.5 billion of EBITDA. So we are thinking of that's where it pegs the $4.5 billion of debt target that we have. The comfort I would give you is, we are trying to strike the right balance between trying to get cash back to the shareholders, and hence the earlier comment about them deeming the base dividend as sacrosanct, but then also prioritizing debt paydown, which is extremely important given that we have the pro forma company has higher debt than Legacy Chesapeake did. So we need to address the debt stack that's in front of us. And with this new framework, I think we are addressing both of those two drivers and would like to reassure the shareholders and our creditors as well that both things are a priority for us.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd now like to hand the program back to Nick Dell'Osso for any further remarks.
Nick Dell'Osso: Well, thanks very much. I appreciate everybody taking the time to dial in this morning. Obviously, we've got a lot to talk about, and we'll be around to answer any questions anybody has as follow-ups, and we'll be out on the road over the coming weeks to meet with many of you all in person. We could be more excited about the way that the market is setting up for Expand Energy as we get into the end of 2024 and 2025. We have our hands full with integration and achieving these synergies, but the path to do all of that, we believe, is very clear, and we're ready to go. So I look forward to giving you guys updates on our progress as we get through next year and seeing you all out on the road. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation at today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Chesapeake Energy Corporation Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference to Chris Ayres, VP of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Chris Ayres: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call to discuss Chesapeake's second quarter 2024 financial and operating results. Hopefully, you've had a chance to review our press release and the updated investor presentation we posted to our website yesterday. During this morning's call, we will be making forward-looking statements, which consist of statements that cannot be confirmed by reference to existing information, statements regarding our beliefs, goals, expectations, forecasts, projections and future performance and the assumptions underlying such statements. Please note there are a number of factors that will cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, including factors identified and discussed in our press release yesterday and in other SEC filings. Please also recognize that as except as required by applicable law, we undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. We may also refer to some non-GAAP measures, which will help facilitate comparisons across periods and with peers. For any non-GAAP measure, we use a reconciliation to the nearest GAAP measure, which can be found on our website. With me on the call today are Nick Dell'Osso, Mohit Singh and Josh Viets. Nick will give a brief overview of our results, and then we'll open up the teleconference to Q&A. So with that, thank you again and now turn the time over to Nick.
Nick Dell'Osso : Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. We are pleased with our quarterly results, which further demonstrate that our strategy designed to provide the greatest level of flexibility to manage unpredictable market conditions is working. And we are achieving meaningful improvements in capital efficiency and reductions in operating costs, which we believe will be durable when prices recover. Today, we are primarily focused on three key elements of our business. First, reducing costs and improving breakevens. We have recognized a 50% improvement in Marcellus drilling performance since 2022. We have achieved this by steadily increasing our feet drilled per day over the last two years by approximately 50% as well as by growing the average lateral length of our wells by the nearly 3,000 feet in the second quarter. The increase in drilling pace, lateral length and deflation, all combined to recognize a 20% decrease in drilling costs over the last two years. In the Haynesville, efforts to lower production expense continue to pay dividends, as evidenced by a 25% decrease in saltwater disposal cost per barrel since the third quarter of last year. This improvement is due to the team optimizing routes, increasing utilization of owned assets, strategic partnerships with vendors and deflation. Combined, these operational improvements allowed us to lower our full year capital and production expense guidance by $50 million and approximately 8%, respectively. Lowering breakeven cost is critical to delivering sustainable value to our shareholders and ensuring the market remains well supplied with affordable natural gas. We expect the majority of savings recognized will be durable through cycles, which will only continue to improve the strength and competitiveness of our Marcellus and Haynesville positions. Second, maintaining production flexibility to match market conditions. Through the first half of the year, we have deferred 46 TILs and built 29 DUCs. By year-end, we expect to have up to 1 Bcf a day of productive capacity available to meet demand when conditions warrant. In addition to the deferral of TILs and completions, we proactively curtailed volumes during the weaker spring shoulder pricing months and are prepared to do so again as necessary in the fall. We will be disciplined in activating the deferred capacity with market conditions dictating the pace and timing of our approach. We are confident this strategy will provide a distinct competitive advantage when natural gas demand recovers, given the inherent flexibility it provides and the speed and limited capital needed to bring volumes to market. Finally, we are focused on our pending merger with Southwestern, and our confidence in our ability to deliver the planned synergies is only growing. We are using the extended time between signing and closing to focus on our integration planning efforts and on delivering the synergies identified at the announcement of the merger, which we expect to close in the back half of the year. I have been extremely impressed with the openness and creativity of both organizations, as we seek to establish a business that has more talent, better assets and greater overall strength than either could have achieved as a standalone company. We look forward to seeing what we can achieve together once the deal closes, and we can fully unlock the power of our two organizations for the benefit of consumers and our shareholders. Our long-term outlook for natural gas, the affordable, reliable, lower carbon energy the world needs remains strong and we are working diligently to ensure our pro-forma merged company with Southwestern is poised to meet consumer demand at the most efficient price. I look forward to continuing to update you on our progress as we move through the year. We're now pleased to answer your questions. Operator, if you'd like to assemble the queue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Bert Donnes with Truist.
Bertrand Donnes : On the deferred activity, I just wanted to maybe clarify the strategy when you bring on the production. Does the price move qualify as improving market dynamics? Or does it need to be tangible supply-demand? And then, how do you think about rock bottom production levels? I'm assuming at one point, you kind of hang up your coat and go, listen, we've done our part. Is that 4Q '24 guidance kind of where you'd level out at? Or would you let it go below that?
Nick Dell'Osso : Look, on the price signal, we see prices nothing but a signal and we do pay a lot more attention to the underlying supply and demand than we do just price. Price is in fact, a signal. So we will pay attention to that as well. But in terms of bringing on the deferred activity, we want to see the underlying fundamentals improve. As far as the bottom level of production, we could see things fall to. I guess we see the market improving while we aren't great at predicting the exact day or quarter it will improve, the overall dynamics that are setting up for us are pretty positive. So we're not too worried about that. I don't think we'll face that decision. We're going to continue to be prudent with how we manage our volumes and our capital program, and we are happy to be building the DUCs and details that we are now because it gives us a lot of operational flexibility. And at some point, you would just slow down building those TILs and DUCs by reducing your capital if it continued into a much, much longer period of time. So we'll continue to monitor that. That would be how we would think about this. But right now, we're pretty comfortable with where we are doing what we're doing.
Bertrand Donnes : And then for the second one, I'm going to try to help you out here and get the words data center in your transcript a few more times. There's been some developments since last quarter with a lot of people talking about behind the meter deals. Do you think this is going to become maybe a catalyst-driven story where you announced an LNG contract or you announced a data center contract? Or is it just way too early in the cycle for you guys to start thinking about that?
Nick Dell'Osso : I don't necessarily for us to start thinking about it. We're talking to all of the people you would imagine. We talk to on a regular basis, whether they be tech companies or utilities. And we're pretty excited about the fact that the market is doing a better job of recognizing that electricity demand is growing. And we think that's been an underappreciated and underforecasted element of the economy for quite some time. And when you really start to borrow into electricity demand growing, you have to figure out where it's going to come from. And natural gas is an obvious answer that is going to be a fuel of choice. There's some things to consider here about how this will all work together. You need to bring together starting with the technology providers, the users of data back to the electricity generators, back to then the fuel for the generation. And so there's three elements that have to come together. All three of those elements are, I would say, actively discussing a lot of solutions right now. Not all the answers are perfectly clear. We're all going to have to work together to work through what are challenges around geography, what are challenges around regulatory environment because every single -- all three of those pieces need infrastructure. And it's going to be a not super easy thing to accomplish, but one that the world is going to demand, and therefore, we are going to be ready to fulfill. So I think it's a really exciting opportunity for our company. We're just as focused on that as we are on the LNG opportunities, which we think are probably a little near-term. But yes, I think there's a potential catalyst in all of it. But I think the more important point isn't just a singular contract or catalyst that could be created with an announcement, it's the overall trend and what it means for the supply and demand fundamentals of our business.
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research.
Douglas Leggate: Nick, I know the FTC process, as you have observed many times, is still rambling on. But I'm just wondering, if you could opine on the extent to which you've been able to really dig deep on the full potential, whether it be drilling efficiency days to drill. The fact that Southwestern was running obviously very high fluid loadings, all that good stuff. What is your thinking on the $400 million at this point in terms of risk to that number?
Nick Dell'Osso : Well, the longer period of time of integration, I think, helps us feel confident that we're derisking that number every day. We feel really good about achieving that number. There are a lot of opportunities when you bring together two organizations of this size. And we've achieved, we think over the last many months of working on this integration, a true best of both mentality by the teams that are working on integration. We're looking really hard at everything from the IT systems that each company uses to the processes that each company follows to the philosophies of things like fluid loading in a well. And we are trying to optimize a plan for NewCo going forward that really brings together the best of what both companies can do. And we believe that there is -- that synergy number is well within our reach. We expect to deliver on that for sure. And then we expect to keep working beyond that point. So we're excited about what all of that represents. We think -- obviously, you'd love to announce the deal and close it immediately thereafter. And so we wouldn't have wished for this delay, but we're absolutely making the best of this time.
Douglas Leggate : So maybe a quick part B to that, would you expect on closing to give an update on the synergies or no?
Nick Dell'Osso : I think we'll give an update on how we think about achieving them and timing for sure.
Douglas Leggate : My follow-up, and I know you missed me on the last earnings call, so I'm going to try this one. Your variable dividend that you announced in the first quarter was paid out your balance sheet this quarter. You're inheriting a lot of debt, assuming this deal closes. Can you give us some thought as to whether where you're going to prioritize the allocation of free cash flow that assuming the forward curve plays out in the context of dealing with your combined balance sheet versus transitory where I say, cash distribution that really has no impact on your valuation?
Nick Dell'Osso : We are absolutely considering all of that, Doug, and we like our return framework. We're going to continue to think constructively about that return framework. But clearly, pro-forma company will incorporate into that return framework, a reduction in debt. And so we're going to work through that. And once we close, we can talk more about how that's going to play out. But the company needs to have less debt than it will day one, when we close. And so we'll take that into consideration. Mohit, probably has some things to add here.
Mohit Singh : Just to add to what Nick said, when we -- when you take a step back from it, we are extremely proud of the $3.5 billion that we have returned to our shareholders since 2021. And obviously, as you identified it, variable dividend is one of the components of it. We've done buybacks. We've done the base dividend in addition to that. We do recognize, we will have more leverage once the transaction closes. It's a little bit too early for us to talk about what the plans would be post-closing. We will share some more of the details around all of that. But the commitment from our side to shareholder returns remains unwavering. And at the right time, we'll share some more details around that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta : Maybe you can spend some time talking about some of the deflationary trends that you're seeing. I think you called out a 10% deflation number. And as you think about the efficiency gains and the lower cost structure, has anything changed around that 350 mid-cycle view that Nick you've spoken to in the past?
Josh Viets : Neil, this is Josh. I'll take the first part of that question. If you look back maybe into the fourth quarter of last year, we have seen a continual softening of service pricing. And of course, that's largely just driven by the pretty significant reduction we've seen around a 40% reduction in gas rigs between Appalachia and Haynesville. And so we've been trying to take advantage of that. I would say in the Haynesville, we've probably seen in the high single digits type of deflation. The Marcellus is going to be a couple of ticks above that, around 10%. I will say, though, that we're incredibly thoughtful about how we think about our service partners. We really value strong safety cultures, vendors that are going to be focused on driving performance. And so we're always going to be a little bit careful about just taking on the next lowest cost provider. We just don't think long-term that makes an awful lot of sense. But I think as we look ahead, I think to the back half of this year in 2025, I would say we are anticipating a little bit more weakness as we exit this year and some specific services. And then I would expect that pricing starts to moderate, as we get into 2025.
Neil Mehta : And then the follow-up would just be your perspective on the LNG story. It's clearly, we got a big ramp ahead, call it, 10, 14 Bs depending on how you look at it. We've seen some volatility around Freeport and push out of things like Golden Pass. Just love your perspective on the multi-year outlook for the U.S. LNG ramp and how does Chesapeake fit into?
Nick Dell'Osso : We're still really excited about the multi-year ramp in front of us on LNG. The world remains short energy and U.S. LNG is going to be a big part of solving that shortage and we're well positioned to deliver gas into that market and see the value of our gas increase as a result of how we deliver into that market at the same time recognizing that we'll be a very important source of supply for growing domestic demand for natural gas. So a lot of gas resource in the United States. We own a lot of it today. The pro-forma company will own more of it than anyone. And so we're very excited about what all of this represents. We think the opportunities are significant. You've seen a lot of headlines just recently with Woodside investing in Tellurian or buying Tellurian and giving some new momentum to that project, the Driftwood project there, just south of our asset in the Haynesville. LNG is moving and moving, we think, pretty constructively. There have been a little bit of delays in some of the projects that are coming on here in the near-term. But those projects are moving by months, not by years or decades. And so, we're fine with all of that. This is a very long-term dynamic that's playing out in front of us that we're extremely well positioned for.
Operator: Our next question will come from Zach Parham with JPMorgan.
Zachary Parham : During 2Q, you had some price-related curtailments and you've recently indicated that those curtailments have largely been brought back online. Nick, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that you were prepared to curtail again if prices were weak in the fall. Can you just detail what you would need to see from maybe a local pricing perspective to start curtailing some volumes in both the Marcellus and the Haynesville?
Nick Dell'Osso : We'll stay away from giving you an exact price on that. You can certainly look back and see the prices in the spring and see that they got pretty low. And so, if there's a repeat of some very low prices like that then we would curtail more volumes. One thing that's important to note in our projection is that we don't consider curtailment for price reasons in our projections of any significant magnitude. We sort of have a historical pattern of shoulder season reductions in volumes that's pretty modest that would be in there, but nothing beyond our historical pattern. So if there are significant price curtailments that would reduce our production in the second half of the year, which we're totally prepared and willing and ready to do if the market ends up showing it to us, showing us that it's necessary.
Josh Viets : Zach, this is Josh. I'll just maybe add on to that a little bit. Obviously, the market is incredibly dynamic. And so, our teams do a phenomenal job of monitoring market conditions and between our marketing and operations teams. We really look at these almost day-to-day decision points on whether or not gas is needed into the market. I think the other thing I would just point out, of course, we're very focused on executing our deferred TIL strategy. And as we look at our volume decline from Q2 of this year, through the fourth quarter, we're anticipating a 17% decline. That equates to a little over 0.5 Bcf a day of capacity -- demand capacity coming offline from our operated production. And so, we're absolutely committed to helping restore productive capacity when these market conditions improve.
Zachary Parham : My follow-up, just on your operational plans. You're running a bit ahead of schedule on your deferred turning lines and DUCs that you're going to build this year, you took down CapEx by $50 million this quarter. If you continue to run ahead of schedule, is there room for CapEx to move incrementally lower? Or would you just enter 2025 with a few more deferrals than you'd originally planned?
Josh Viets : At this point in time, I think we're committed to the activity levels that we've exited the second quarter at. And so right now, we're running around four rigs in the Haynesville and three rigs in the Marcellus. I think for us, at this point, it's really about just monitoring the setup for 2025, before we would decide to adjust activity levels any further. And so at this point in time, we're kind of happy to carry the six to seven incremental wells as DUCs into 2025.
Operator: Our next question will come from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade : I wanted to pick up on that question of the PDP decline. It's an interesting natural experiment at least from where we sit and that we get to observe this -- something close to a PDP decline from you guys quarter-over-quarter. But I'm curious what, if anything, have you guys learned from looking at it on the inside and maybe about the performance of your asset base, you're managing it and perhaps optimizing your midstream as you're going through this decline?
Nick Dell'Osso : I think the PDP decline this year is a really interesting thing to look at and try to understand. As we have looked at our own assets, we have seen our PDP decline outperform slightly relative to what our modeling would suggest. But I think the market has a hard time seeing exactly how that PDP decline is working given that we had curtailments in the spring, which made that decline look more significant or steeper. Then we've brought those curtailments back on this summer, which is flat and everything back out. And then you see that underlying decline pick up again as you go from Q3 to Q4. You can see that on that slide in our presentation. So I think it's hard for the market to see the underlying decline as clearly as we may be able to see it with our own internal data. There is no doubt that when you reduce activity in the field, your base performs a little bit better. You have less downtime from offset activity. You have gathering systems that flow and function a little bit better with hydraulics. You do a better job of maneuvering logistics around the field to keep water tanks empty and everything just stay -- the uptime is just better. So we definitely see that through the year. That's relatively modest. It's encouraging. We like it, it's efficient, but it's relatively modest. And what we are interested in is the fact that, that underlying decline is still moving lower. And when we look at the forecasts that are out there from a bunch of different macro analysts, we're not sure that, that's fully incorporated at this point.
Charles Meade : And then I want to try a question on 2025. And I recognize that none of us know how '25 is going to look, but I'm really interested in maybe putting some bounds on what it might look like. And as I look at your volumes on a standalone basis, you're looking at about 2.5 Bs a day in 4Q and you say you're going to have a Bcf a day of capacity. Does that mean that you're going to be -- that at the upper end, you could be as high as again, on a standalone basis, 3.5 Bs a day in '25? Or is that -- is that a possibility?
Josh Viets : Yes. I would say a lot of that just depends on the timing of which we activate the TILs is ultimately going to drive that. I mean, I think our goal as we start to activate these TILs is to get back to our sustaining level of production, which what we've communicated in the past is around 3.2 Bcf a day as a standalone company. And so though we would have the ability to potentially accelerate that Bcf a day and activate the TILs a little bit quicker. We want to be thoughtful about how we reintroduce those markets, and it's ultimately that pace that is going to dictate the ultimate production level that we achieve.
Operator: Our next question will come from Betty Jiang with Barclays.
Betty Jiang: I wanted to ask about actually Haynesville a bit macro question, given the production decline that we have seen year-to-date and then we have seen some recent improvement of some of the curtail volumes coming back. Would love to get your thoughts on how you think about volumes in the Haynesville. Will we see curtailed production or could we see more decline from here? And then also whether that -- how that's impacting in-basin pricing. Clearly, you're seeing better pricing year-to-date? Is that -- could that continue to be improve?
Nick Dell'Osso : Betty I'll start. Josh may add something here. Pricing is a little bit better today than we saw in the spring, those curtailed volumes have come back on. And so you've seen that flatten out the Haynesville production overall for our asset. If you look at the slide in our presentation that we posted last night, you can see that we do expect declines to then come back as you go from Q3 to Q4. So if you think about what's happening here, we began reducing activity during the first quarter, but then we also curtail volumes at that same time. So the initial slope of the decline that we saw was quite steep. Now that we've brought that curtailment back on, it has plateaued or flattened out for a period of time until the effect of that curtailment is all on and the underlying decline picks back up and takes over and brings volumes lower again, which again, you can see Q3 to Q4. So we do see that, that decline continues at the current underlying market conditions when we consider where total supply is, we look at where total demand is, we look at where storage is. We don't anticipate at this point, turning in line any material number of wells in the second half of the year in the Haynesville. So we do expect that decline to continue. If prices were to weaken materially, we would curtail volumes again. We've mentioned that now on the call already. So just to reiterate, our projections do not assume any material amount of curtailment through the fall, but we're totally prepared to do that and that would change the shape of that decline again, if we were to do it. But what I think is important to note is if you look at Q1 of this year to Q4 of this year, there is an underlying decline. The slope of that gets adjusted with the effect of curtailment, and you can see that in Q2 and Q3, but that underlying decline is pretty real going from the beginning of the year to the end of the year.
Betty Jiang: And a follow-up just on the operational efficiencies that you're seeing in the Haynesville. Clearly, CapEx in Haynesville has been coming a bit lower than expected. Outside of saltwater disposal savings that you mentioned in the slide, is there anything else perhaps on the drilling and completion side where that's continued to lower that's helping your CapEx that could be sustainable going forward?
JoshViets : Yes. Betty, we continue to look at new technologies and improving operational practices to drive those costs lower. In the last six months or so, we've implemented insulated drill pipe in the Haynesville to help us manage temperatures a little bit better using killers to help reduce temperatures of drilling mud, optimizing the whole sizing which we've seen some benefits here of late. And so we continue to find new opportunities to improve our operations and we're really starting to see those results show up. So we really think that provides some tailwinds. In addition to that, as we're exiting '24 into '25, looking at opportunities to change the way at which we source sand in the Haynesville, which we think will also provide an additional tailwind as we head into next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Josh Silverstein with UBS.
Joshua Silverstein : Nick, within the flexibility you have to bring back the Bcf capacity, what's the additional flexibility you have between the Marcellus and Haynesville? I'm just wondering, if Appalachia basis remains weak in next year, can you bring back the Haynesville volumes first and then sit on the Appalachia volumes. If you could provide a little bit more detail there, that would be great.
Josh Viets : Yes, Josh. I would just say that we absolutely remain flexible on which area we would choose to bring back first. We look at these decisions really independent of one another. So it's really just about monitoring local market conditions and then our operations and engineering teams working together to plan out as efficiently as we can to activate these TILs when the market says that the gas is needed. So yes, we're going to be flexible and we could very well be bringing on one basin ahead of another.
Joshua Silverstein : And then I just wanted to see if we could get an update on the momentum project, the investment kind of updated time line and then anticipated benefits when complete as well.
Mohit Singh : Josh, this is Mohit. So we are very pleased that the litigation that was between energy transfer and momentum has been settled. So, extremely happy with that outcome. And the project is now back on track and we expect that to go in service towards end of 2025. So we're expecting in-service date in Q4 2025. The -- from a project delivery point of view, the contractors are being reengaged and the -- all the materials that they had stored in the yards, they have kind of gone back and checked the integrity of it, which all looks good. So the plan here, as we've guided for the rest of this year in terms of capital calls, we're saying $50 million to $100 million of remaining capital calls that will be made on the project. So everything is back on track from that point of view. The second part of your question around what this means for us. So the original thesis why we got into this project was to connect our production to the emerging demand source in the Gulf Coast. So that thesis remains intact. And now that we'll have 700 million a day of production that we can bring from Haynesville down to Giles gives us increased flexibility and optionality because if you look at the overall flow map, we currently have capacity on Tiger and Gulf Run, which allows us to go due east to Perryville. And now we will have this optionality to take it down to Giles, which in the future when this project is in service, gives us the flexibility to redirect flows as we see appropriate.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phillips Johnston with Capital One.
Phillips Johnston : It looks like you've turned on close to 25 wells in the Upper Marcellus over the last four quarters or so. Just wanted to get a sense as to how those wells are performing relative to the Lower Marcellus?
Josh Viets : Yes, Philip, I think we've documented in the past and it pretty well -- it shows itself in the public data sources that the Upper Marcellus is not going to be as productive as the Lower Marcellus core that we've been so focused on developing really for the last decade or so. And so we expect that trend to really continue. But our teams continue to find opportunities to improve the overall economics of the Upper Marcellus. And that's what we remain focused on is generating better returns. And so we do that through extending our lateral lengths, which you see that in the deck today. Just year-over-year, we're going to end up being about 11% higher on lateral length relative to last year. And that's really coming as a result of more wells being drilled in the upper and specifically using these hybrid wellbore designs, which we've talked about in the past to be able to extend laterals and create better returns than we could with just a standalone upper Marcellus well.
Operator: Our next and final question will come from Paul Diamond with Citi.
Paul Diamond : Just a quick one on Slide 5, talk about 25% decrease in SWD cost per barrel. Just wanted to get an understanding of, I guess, how many years should we think of that trend is that $20 million investment per annum continues?
Josh Viets : Yes. So we continue to look for opportunities to invest in our water disposal system. Today, we have around 30,000 barrels a day of disposal capacity for four of the sites that we operate. And that also includes about 60 miles of gathering systems. So over the last couple of years, we've been investing in and around $15 million a year. We would expect we'll continue to look for opportunities to do that. And that's one of the reasons we're so excited about the Southwestern transaction is because it allows us to better utilize that system. Today, we run the system at about a 65% to 70% utilization rate. And oftentimes, these gathering lines run right by some of the Southwestern site. So we're going to continue to look for opportunities to exploit that system and help to preserve these types of disposal rates that we've showed you all today.
Paul Diamond : And just one quick follow-up. You talked about a 20% decrease in well costs in Marcellus, but then targeting $800 for the full year. You talked about kind of how you see the second half of the year playing out. Should we think about that as kind of a run rate around $800 or more going up and down? Or how should we think about the trajectory in cadence?
Josh Viets : Yes, Paul. I mean, so from the slide, you would have noted just under 17,000 feet of average lateral length in the second quarter, and that will be the peak for the quarter, and that's why you see that corresponding number there of the cost per foot around $740 to $750 a foot. So we do anticipate averaging around $800. And really what that $800 per foot is tied to is an average lateral length around 14,500 feet. And so again, it will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter just based upon how the teams are attempting to optimize the drill schedule throughout the course of the year.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Nick Dell'Osso for any closing remarks.
Nick Dell'Osso : Thanks very much. I appreciate everybody's time today. We're really looking forward to the second half of the year. There's all the catalysts in front of us, obviously, the closing of our merger, which we anticipate in the second half of the year as well as we look forward to the point in time at which the natural gas market begins to improve. We're going to be really well positioned for that, and we look forward to updating you all on our progress as we move throughout the year and we will be available through our Investor Relations group if you have any follow-up questions to today. Thanks very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Chesapeake Energy Corporation First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chris Ayres, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir. 
Chris Ayres: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today to discuss Chesapeake's first quarter 2024 financial and operating results. Hopefully, you've had a chance to review our press release and the updated investor presentation that we posted to our website yesterday.
 During this morning's call, we will be making forward-looking statements which consist of statements that cannot be confirmed by reference to existing information, including statements regarding our beliefs, goals, expectations, forecasts, projections and future performance and the assumptions underlying such statements. Please note that there are a number of factors that will cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, including the factors identified and discussed in our press release yesterday and in other SEC filings.
 Please also recognize that except as required by applicable law, we undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. We may also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures, which will help facilitate comparisons across periods and with peers. For any non-GAAP measure, there is a reconciliation to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure on our website.
 With me on the call today are Nick Dell'Osso, Mohit Singh and Josh Viets. Nick will give a brief overview of our results and then when we will open up the teleconference to Q&A.
 So with that, thank you again and now I'll turn the time over to Nick. 
Domenic Dell'Osso: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. We continue to execute on our 2024 financial and operating plan and our first quarter results further demonstrate that we are a company built to efficiently meet consumer demand and deliver sustainable value to shareholders through cycles. Today, the natural gas market is clearly oversupplied. Our 2024 plan is focused on discipline, operating -- operational efficiency and free cash flow generation while building the productive capacity needed to deliver for consumers when demand recovers.
 Through the first quarter, we have deferred 22 turn-in-lines and built 24 drilled but uncompleted wells. In addition, we began curtailing base production in February, averaging approximately 200 million cubic feet a day of curtailment in the first quarter. As we continue building productive capacity, we expect to curtail approximately 400 million cubic feet a day in the second quarter. We believe this strategy will leave us well positioned to meet demand for natural gas when the market recovers. In the meantime, our base business continues to deliver. We generated free cash flow in the first quarter, allowing us to maintain our commitment to return cash to shareholders through our base and variable dividend program.
 Our capital structure remains strong. Our lending partners recently reaffirmed our credit facility and increased the aggregate commitments to $2.5 billion. As we continue to deliver on our sustainability commitments as demonstrated by the company meeting our interim GHG and methane intensity goals, they're both 2 years ahead of schedule. Importantly, we remain encouraged about the long-term trajectory for natural gas, the affordable, reliable, lower carbon energy the world needs.
 Over the next few years, we will see significant increases in demand for U.S. natural gas from LNG exports as well as power generation and industrial activity. Additionally, the current clear trajectory of supply in the U.S. is falling. We believe this sets up a much more constructive market backdrop for natural gas in future periods and believe our portfolio is well positioned to deliver gas supply where and when needed.
 Consumers demand that energy is reliable and efficient, both economically and environmentally. Simply put, natural gas will play a critical role in the energy future, both domestically and abroad. And Chesapeake and our pro forma merged company with Southwestern is poised to ensure natural gas delivers on its promise. We remain very focused in our integration planning efforts on delivering the cost synergies identified at the announcement of the merger to ensure our supply meets the demand of energy consumers at the most efficient price.
 We will be LNG-ready and in an advantaged position as LNG capacity continues to come online. With our well-positioned portfolio, investment-grade quality balance sheet and disciplined strategy Chesapeake is built to not only weather the current market, but to thrive when the market rebalances. I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year.
 We're now pleased to address your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Nitin Kumar with Mizuho. 
Nitin Kumar: I want to start on CapEx that came in quite a bit below what your guidance was for the quarter and you're a little bit ahead of schedule in terms of building the deferred TILs and DUCs, so I just want to get a sense of what were the drivers of that CapEx number? And how does that shape for the rest of the year? 
Josh Viets: Yes, Nitin, this is Josh. Yes, we had a really good quarter to start off the year. We ended up around 16% under our guide for capital. About half of that is just purely related to timing and a lot of the timing was on the non-D&C side. And so just as we're getting some of our leasing ramped up and infrastructure projects ongoing, that will just occur later in the year.
 But the other half of that was really just related to lower realized cost. We had a really good quarter on the drilling and completion side. We saw lower cost than planned as a result of being able to accelerate the use of the lower-cost casing that we procured late in the year. We are also able to realize some savings associated with lower service contracts. And then also, we had several wells up in the Northeast that we had planned that are drilled in a pretty challenging part of the field that typically require contingency casing strings. The team was able to do some work with a mud company and identify a way at which we can mitigate the wellbore stability issues that we have there.
 So that's real structural cost changes and that really sets us up now for the full year to where we're tracking towards the lower end of our capital guide. And so we'll continue to monitor the service markets and see how that plays out. But again, got off to a pretty good start this year. On the second part of your question, we are just a little bit ahead of schedule with the DUCs. That's just how activity was kind of falling between the quarters. But as far as how we think about the full year set up with our total DUC build, I would say we still see ourselves on track for the full year. 
Nitin Kumar: Great. And Nick, I have to say I was a little bit disappointed that there wasn't an obligatory slide on AI demand for -- and power gen demand for gas in your decks last night. Just wanted to get a sense of where you guys see that evolving? And what are the early thoughts at Chesapeake about the growth for power gen in the U.S? 
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes, it's a good question, Nitin and we -- for years, we've been a little puzzled by the forecast that have had power generation -- or demand for power flat in the U.S. And we know that over the last several summers, we've seen pretty real increase in power demand and particularly natural gas-fired power demand. We do think the utilities have struggled to voice the need for incremental generation capacity given a number of the challenges that they have within their own stakeholder base, and I think it's changed. And so we're really encouraged to hear the market talk about the growing demand for power.
 And one of the reasons we're really encouraged by that is it's evidence of a very healthy economy. We have investment in the U.S. economy that's driving growing demand for power from consumer and industrial side, which is really the continuation of the impact of all of the stimulus money that's come through the economy over the last several years and then of course, the IRA as well. So that's showing up. But what has really taken hold in the last couple of months is that there is a recognition that the massive growth in demand for data centers significantly driven by the growth in demand around AI tools is going to put a big draw on power grids. And we think that's all very real and very interesting.
 There's a lot to unpack to understand exactly how and when and where that demand will show up. And we're excited about in this backdrop, Nitin, is that we, as a stand-alone company, have a really large production base and as a pro forma combined company have the largest production base in both the Appalachia and Haynesville with which to be ready to respond. And having the geographic advantage of two locations, if you think about where we sit in Northeast Pennsylvania, then we'll be in Southwest Appalachia and West Virginia and then also in the Haynesville.
 Keep in mind that we talked a lot about growth and demand for Haynesville gas flowing to the LNG corridor, but we deliver a lot of gas to Perryville every day, which is directly east of our field and from there, connects into a series of pipeline networks that feed the Southeast. And so the opportunity to increase flow to the east is also very real and something that we stand ready to do, and we'll continue to work with our midstream counterparties as well as the utility counterparties to understand where that demand is needed and -- or where that gas is going to be needed and how we may get it there. It's incumbent upon us as an industry to make sure that we continue to supply those markets at a really efficient cost and that's something that we think the pro forma combined company is set to do. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Bert Donnes with Truist. 
Bertrand Donnes: It did look like you had any incremental agreements on your LNG portfolio. I assume you're still looking for those, but does the data center growing demand hypothesis kind of slow that down? Or maybe do you want a lower mix internationally, maybe you're more focused on U.S. or just what you're thinking is there? 
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes. Good question, Bert. No, we're still actively engaged in a number of different LNG discussions. As you know, those discussions take a lot of time. As far as whether the data center concept would slow us down, no, it wouldn't necessarily slow us down. Competition is great, and we do think there will be competition for supply. So we'll pay attention to that. But we're moving forward with our strategies, and we think we'll have ample gas to supply all of the markets that where there will be demand. And frankly, look forward to there being some competition around that. But we're not changing anything. 
Bertrand Donnes: That makes sense. And then hypothetically, assuming everything goes well with Southwestern and you're able to gain the synergies that you've outlined, are there more synergies from getting even larger at that point? Or do you focus more on midstream? Or maybe once you have that scale is when you just switch to more of a buyback program and driving more organic? 
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes. I think at this point, you'd have to say any time you're going to talk about what's next in your strategy, you go back and talk about the things that we think are important, which are being able to supply these markets with the most efficient molecule is possible to meet growing demands for energy. That means having a really low cost structure, that means having a really deep inventory that means having great execution. We're going to continue to stay focused on all of those things, first and foremost. We did feel like the merger with Southwestern allowed us to advance on those fronts and have real synergies, real industrial logic that helps to improve our ability to meet those goals over time.
 As far as do you need something else, it would have to meet our nonnegotiables that drive towards those goals. And that's really hard to predict whether or not there will be something in the future that would meet those nonnegotiables. We're going to stay focused for a while here on what's a big job of integration and delivering on the promise of this merger, which is pretty tremendous for our shareholders. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Zach Parham with JPMorgan. 
Zachary Parham: I just wanted to get a little more detail on the curtailment. You highlighted you'd be curtailing 400 million a day in 2Q and -- that you curtailed 200 million a day in 1Q. Could you give us a little more color on the curtailment strategy and maybe detail how much in curtailments were built into the full year guidance? And when do you expect those curtailed volumes to come back to the market? 
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes, I'll start this and then I'll pass it over to Josh. So as we think about what we are trying to accomplish this year, remember we talked about doing a lot of activity deferrals. And those activity deferrals are focused on the fact that the market is pretty clearly oversupplied, and we don't want to bring on wells in an environment where the initial production of these wells, the significant part of the return comes to market in an oversupplied market and receives a lower than breakeven price. So we've had the activity deferral schedule in front of us, but recognize that, that activity deferral results in decline that occurs over a period of time.
 The curtailments that we saw occur in the end of Q1 and into Q2 are really about accelerating that decline. We don't need to keep that base volume curtailed throughout the year as the activity deferrals show up in more -- in what I would call actual decline. But we have a lot of flexibility in what we choose to deliver to market, and we're going to pay a lot of attention about the supply-demand characteristics. 
Josh Viets: Yes. Zach, this is Josh. I mean it is customary that we would see demand weakness in certain markets in the shoulder seasons. And so as we issue the 2.7 Bcf a day guide back in February, we had accounted for those volumes in there. But really to Nick's point, kind of how do you then set up the production curve to best mimic what the market needs. That's effectively what we've done to where you model in and execute on curtailments in the Q2. And then you allow those volumes to flow back in over the next subsequent quarters in the second half of the year.
 So in effect, you do see a sharper decline coming into the second quarter with it flattening out into Q3 and Q4, where we would anticipate market conditions to be a little bit better for us. But I'd also just stress, I think we've demonstrated a willingness to be disciplined with how we deliver production and we'll maintain that discipline as we move through the course of the year. 
Zachary Parham: Got it. And then maybe just one on your latest macro thoughts. We've seen lower 48 production decline pretty rapidly over the last couple of months now at sub-100 Bcf a day, has overall production trended in line with your expectations? Really just looking for your updated thoughts on kind of the macro environment in general. 
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes. Great question, Zach. I would say actually to see production get below 100 as quickly as we did, is maybe a little bit surprising to us. We weren't expecting that, but what we've also seen at the same time is that demand fell off pretty quickly. So starting with the supply side. we think curtailments took a bigger role. It wasn't just activity deferrals. So people didn't wait for a decline similar to what I just described within our own decision-making process. But -- so volumes came off probably a little faster than we would have thought through the year. However, what we also saw at the same time is that there were a lot of LNG capacity that was off-line through March and April and we probably had 2 to 3 Bcf a day off through a good portion of March and April that represented pretty weak demand. And you're seeing a lot of that demand come back now.
 But it's a reminder that demand is going to be volatile when we have exposure to LNG the way that we do, and you need a flexible business plan and one that's strong enough financially to handle that, and you probably ought to have a hedging policy that protects how you think about your capital program that you have at risk at any point in time. So when we think about the macro trends here more broadly, I do think that, that decline that you are seeing is ultimately real. I think it has been accelerated with curtailments, but I think given the fact that we have a rig count today in the Haynesville that is half of what it was that led to the peak production that we saw in the fall of 2023. We know that decline will show up, and we think Haynesville production settles in at a much lower level than it has been and stays there until you see a pretty significant change in rig count going the other direction.
 So I think all of that is quite encouraging, and we're also still very encouraged by what we see in the way of demand growth certainly through LNG exports, which we all talk about quite a bit, but also through consumer and industrial as well as power gen. 
Operator: Next question will come from Charles Meade with Johnson & Rice (sic) [ Johnson Rice & Company ]. 
Charles Meade: Nick, I'm wondering if you can -- if you'd offer some thoughts that maybe characterize what your engagement with the FTC has been like so far? 
Domenic Dell'Osso: Look, I mean, we've been engaged with the FTC. Obviously, we're in the second request phase of this process. It will take some time, as you would expect to reply. We're eager to work with the FTC and get all their questions answered, we feel good about the underlying merits of the transaction and look forward to getting through this process and getting it closed. But really hard to predict exactly how long that will take. And so that's why we gave a forecast of just second half of the year. 
Charles Meade: Got it. And Josh, I wonder if I could ask about the -- your TILs and DUCs. And I wonder if you could kind of characterize for us the -- what's different that you're doing now, maybe setting up these wells to be off for 3 months, 4 months, maybe 6 months, maybe longer. Are you doing something different to kind of put these wells in cold storage, so to speak, versus what you would do regularly? And have you learned anything so far from this effort that you wouldn't have expected at the beginning. 
Josh Viets: Yes. Charles, thanks for the question. As far as the DUCs go, I would say, there's really not anything different that we do. This is a pretty common practice. The wellbore is in a state that it could sit there for an extended period of time. So I would say that's just pretty typical run-of-the-mill business. With the deferred TILs, we do have to be a little bit more thoughtful about how we manage those in terms of our wellbore preparation and preservation, primarily from a corrosion standpoint. But probably most importantly, we do have to stay on top of them. And specifically, it's around just monitoring the pressure.
 So we do have pressure transducers that we install on the wells, and we have it tied back into our remote operating center here in Oklahoma City, where we can monitor any potential production decline. And that production decline would be as a result of offsetting wells that could come online and start potentially pulling on those reserves. And those are the instances that we want to protect against. And of course, when there are our own wells, we're managing that by keeping wells shut in. But at the other operators, we want to be on top of that. That's not something we've dealt with yet, but we do recognize it's a threat and we actively manage that to ensure we're not impacting the investments that we've made on those particular wells. 
Charles Meade: Got it. Josh, so you mean you're managing the -- monitoring the shutting pressure to see if there's [ offset completion ]? 
Josh Viets: Shutting pressure. Yes, that's correct. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Josh Silverstein with UBS. 
Joshua Silverstein: So I just wanted to follow up on the production outlook for the year, just based on where 1Q volumes were the 2Q guide and the outlook. I suggest that Chesapeake may not get down to that 2.1, 2.2 Bcf a day range in the fourth quarter, but you'll still have the 1 Bcf a day of capacity. So I want to see if that was right and just kind of see what the cadence would be for the back half of the year. 
Josh Viets: Yes, Josh, we are managing production to the level of around the 2.7 Bcf a day. So again, just to reaffirm that the guide is unchanged at this point. We did have some overproduction in the first quarter of the year. Some of that was attributed to a non-operated accounting adjustment that rolled through into the quarter. So that did push those volumes just a little bit higher. But we are still on track. Even as we talked earlier about the curtailment, which is pulling down the Q2 number, but that $400 million that we take out of Q2 starts to settle in into the Q3 and Q4 numbers. So in effect, we are flattening the back half of the production curve.
 So we still feel really good about delivering the number that we offered back in February. But again, just to remind everybody, we are absolutely flexible, and we'll continue to monitor market conditions and adjust production accordingly to what the market needs. 
Domenic Dell'Osso: Josh, let me just reiterate on that point. I mean I think it's really important as you think about that question, it's really important to note that there's a forecast from -- with 8 months left to go in the year. And we've been pretty clear that we're going to stay really focused on the economics of our underlying business and do what makes sense. So if market conditions don't play out the way we expect them to, we'll adjust whether that means producing more or producing less. I think the setup feels pretty good today, but we have a lot of flexibility in how we respond. 
Joshua Silverstein: Yes. Well, the follow-up was kind of along those lines. We're 6 to 8 months away from winter pricing and gas going back over $3. How do you think about bringing the capacity back on, what's the process of it? Is it TILs and DUCs the new rigs? Or what's the time line for that? 
Domenic Dell'Osso: Sure. So first of all, let's talk about what's going to trigger this for us. We get asked a lot about what price are you going to bring volumes back online? And of course, that's an easy way to think about it in an easy way to model it, but it's not the right way for us to make that decision. When we think about price, we think about it as an indicator of what's going on in the underlying market, but the trajectory of what's going on in the underlying market matters a lot more to us than what the price is at the moment. And so we will continue to monitor the current production levels and the trajectory of that production, the storage levels, the activity levels across each of the basins and think hard about what we really believe the market needs before we make any changes.
 And then once we determine that the market does need more gas, it would just follow the logic of what we have available to us. So the fastest thing for us to respond with are the wells that have been drilled and completed that are just waiting to be turned in line. Following that, we would begin to work on completing the additional wells that would have been drilled but are uncompleted. And certainly, I guess, along that time, we will be bringing back volumes that are curtailed out of the base.
 So I think there's a lot of flexibility in how we respond to this. I would imagine that this will come about in a rather slow manner. I don't believe it's likely that we will wake up 1 day and see that the market needs all of the gas and that we will be racing to bring it all back at once. It's possible. And if that happens, we will move through it in the way I just described as efficiently as possible. But I think it's more likely that we will be bringing volumes back to match a growing demand that will be pretty well previewed by the activity levels that are out there in the market around LNG around the increase in power gen and industrial demand when it's needed.
 Now you can have a cold spike and cold spikes show up with a need for incremental demand. We would always try to respond to those needs as quickly as we can, but know that those are not necessarily sustained. And so that would probably be a short-term event and that would -- we would incorporate that into our decision making. 
Operator: The next question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: I wonder can you just spend some time on your hedging framework specifically the hedge the wedge concept. So can you just talk about the way that you approach hedging and the advantages of having a rolling program, especially in the contango curve. And then I have a follow-up. 
Mohit Singh: Yes, Neil, this is Mohit. Thanks for that question. You referenced the hedge the wedge program that's been our way that we have been hedging over the last several years. The way we philosophically think about it is you have $1 billion, $1.5 billion capital program. So you're investing dollars into the ground, you want some certainty on when you start getting the production back. So that's -- think of that as 9, 12 months after making kind of the initial investment decision when you're spotting the well. And you just fundamentally don't know what prices would be at that point. So you want to lock in some of that returns that -- on the investments that you're making, which are fairly substantial, right? When you look at the market cap of the company versus that kind of a capital program, you might be investing 10% to 15% of your market cap into the ground.
 So for us, it's a prudent way of just taking the risk off. One thing that we have done structurally, which we are pretty excited about, given the contango that you referenced out in the curve is we've been sort of doing swaps, we've been doing collars, which allows us to monetize the volatility. So kind of bringing up the floors that we are getting from the puts, but still retaining some of the upside by the calls that we are selling. Overall, the program is working, especially when you're in a low price environment like that, like we are in right now. Every month, we are getting receipts of hedge settlements, which help support the base business and the cash flows. And again, underpins the return to shareholders and the base on the variable dividends that we are making. So overall, we think it works, it works well, reduces volatility of the returns and allows us to be more consistent with shareholder returns. 
Neil Mehta: And the follow-up is just on the global LNG market. You talked in the slides about the 12 Bs of incremental supply coming out of the United States, Qatar's coming through with North Field expansion in 2026 and beyond. And so Nick and team, how do you think about global LNG price being a potential governor on long-term gas prices? 
Domenic Dell'Osso: Yes. Neil, it's a great question, and it's something we think about a lot. As we think about LNG growth. I mean the market is clearly eager to have more LNG supplies. There's a number of different projects out there that are eager to accept in the growth in LNG, but it's also pretty obvious that at some point, there will be oversupply and that market will have volatility in the same way that the domestic markets do, and we're prepared for that and understand that.
 One of the things I think we've seen that's really interesting is that there's clearly a some elasticity to demand for LNG prices, I'll say, in the $9 to $12 range. And that range is probably debatable, it might be down to $8, it might be a little higher than that. But you've seen that demand clearly goes up when you get into the single digits and you've seen the demand can be fleeting as it gets into the mid-double digits, certainly over the longer term.
 And what that tells us is that this market requires that you remain really, really efficient in your cost structure and how you deliver supplies. And so that's something that we'll stay focused on and we'll work with all of the different providers through the value chain both domestically and internationally to make sure that we can do that. But it's a real thing and something that we have our eyes wide open about. At the end of the day, we still think natural gas is the most efficient and effective way to supply markets that are in demand for greater energy. It is affordable, reliable and lower carbon. And I don't know that we can say that enough. But the trade-offs are not as good.
 And it's important that we remember that, and it's important that as an industry, we deliver on a product that meets that expectation that it is the most efficient solution to cost and affordability to reliability and to being lower carbon relative to the alternatives. The alternatives, of course, being in a lot of markets coal, which is certainly not lower carbon. At times, it can be lower cost. And it definitely can be reliable because it is easily stored on site.
 But then you also have renewables, which will maintain a competitive tension, especially with policies that drive people towards renewables that really struggle from both a cost and reliability perspective and full cost, and have some of their own challenges from a sustainability standpoint that are just different than the product that we produce. So we still feel very strongly that what we produce is the best solution. And it's incumbent upon us to make sure that we deliver on that. 
Mohit Singh: And Neil, this is Mohit. The only thing I would add to that is we are signing up 20-year LNG transactions, and we're going in eyes wide open that there will be periods of time when that transaction will be out of the money. So it's a diversification and connecting us to the eventual end users, as Nick was describing. That's the strategic mandate for us. And -- but again, being fully aware that there will be periods of time when we'll be out of the money. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Paul Diamond with Citi. 
Paul Diamond: Just a quick one on the kind of the timing and the cadence of the DUCs and the TILs. Should we think about that more nearly from this point forward through the year? Or is there -- is it kind of a point like Q3, where you just stop and kind of revert back to normal? Just how should we think about the cadence? 
Josh Viets: Yes. So really, what that ties back to is just the underlying activity cadence of our drilling rigs and frac crews, where today, we're running 8 rigs and 2 frac crews. And so we do anticipate that we'll drop 1 additional rig in the Marcellus middle of the year. But by and large, you should expect those in deferred TILs and DUCs to build in a linear fashion through the course of the year. 
Paul Diamond: Understood. Just one quick follow-up. If we were to see any kind of increased volatility out of the three levers, I guess, for additional DUCs, TILs or the curtailments, is there any preference you guys currently hold kind of what order you address any near-term volatility with? 
Domenic Dell'Osso: Well, I mean, I think it all depends on what's going on. If you have some sort of short-term spike in demand that we don't think will be sustained, then we have curtailed volumes, we can bring to market to help meet that demand. If you think that there is more of a step change in demand and volumes are needed in a longer-term fashion, then you start to bring some of those deferred wells online. 
Operator: And the final question for today will come from Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners. 
Kevin MacCurdy: To dig into the curtailments a little more, the 2Q guide shows that the Haynesville is declining faster than the Marcellus. I'm just curious if that's being driven by something you're seeing on local prices that is leading to more constraints or is that just natural declines in the Haynesville? 
Josh Viets: Yes. That's really just due to local market conditions. We were seeing pricing there that we just really start to question whether or not it makes sense to continue to flow gas into those markets. And so we selectively look at the well sets and what margins are for each well, recognizing that chemical usage, water production will impact wells margin. And so we just think that pricing that we're seeing in the second quarter, it simply doesn't make sense to flow the full allotment of volume there.
 So when we talk about the 400 million cubic feet a day of planned curtailment in the quarter, roughly half of that is tied to the Haynesville. So when you look at the quarter-over-quarter decline from Q1 to Q2 for the Haynesville asset, A big portion of that is directly tied to the curtailment. And of course, we'll start to get that back as we get into the second half of the year. And again, that's just why you see then or should anticipate a flattening of the decline in the second half of this year. 
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. And to follow up on an earlier question about returning production, do you have the capacity to bring back volumes on faster in 1 basin compared to the other? Or will it be about the same in the Haynesville and Appalachia? 
Josh Viets: Yes, it should be about the same. I mean there's a lot of considerations that go into how we bring the production back, I mean, outside of just the macro conditions that Nick spoke to earlier. But it's really just around logistical planning. And so we have to be thoughtful about where gas gets introduced and when to manage the gas gathering systems and things like water hauling. But really, I wouldn't say one area is advantaged or disadvantaged more than the other. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to now turn the conference back over to Mr. Nick Dell'Osso for any closing remarks. Please go ahead. 
Domenic Dell'Osso: Well, thank you all for your time this morning. We really look forward to progressing through this year, working on planning for the integration of our merger and delivering on what we expect to be improving gas market conditions as we approach 2025. As always, if you have any other follow-up questions, please reach out to our outstanding IR team. They will be ready to take your calls, and we look forward to seeing you guys down the road. Thanks. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Chesapeake Energy Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Results Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. Please note today's event is being recorded.  I'd now like to turn the conference over to Chris Ayres, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Chris Ayres: Thank you, Rocco. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our call today to discuss Chesapeake's fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial and operating results. Hopefully, you've had a chance to review our press release and the updated investor presentation that we posted to our Web site yesterday. During this morning's call, we will be making forward-looking statements, which consists of statements that cannot be confirmed by reference to existing information, including statements regarding our beliefs, goals, expectations, forecasts, projections and future performance, and the assumptions underlying such statements. Please note there are a number of factors that will cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, including the factors identified and discussed in our press release and the other SEC filings. Please also recognize that as except required by applicable law, we undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. We may also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures, which help facilitate comparisons across periods and peers. For any non-GAAP measure, we use a reconciliation to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure, which can be found on our Web site. With me today on the call today are Nick Dell'Osso, Mohit Singh, and Josh Viets. Nick will give a brief overview of our results, and then we will open up the teleconference to Q&A. So with that, thank you again. And I'll now turn the conference over to Nick.
Nick Dell'Osso: Good morning. And thank you for joining our call. We continue to execute on our strategic pillars in 2023, proving were a company built to deliver sustainable value to shareholders through cycles. The Marcellus team had another strong year with well cost improving 17% since Q1. We increased our footage drilled per day by 40% and drilled nine of the 10 longest laterals in our history in the basin. In the Haynesville, we delivered strong production performance throughout the year, benefiting from improved gathering system hydraulics while our drilling performance continues to outpace our peers in the most difficult drilling environment in the Lower 48. Importantly, we accomplished these operational milestones while improving our total recordable incident rate by 40% to an industry leading 0.14 injury rate. Additional highlights for the year include; returning approximately $840 million to shareholders via dividends and buybacks; advancing our path to be LNG ready by securing HOAs up to 3 million tonnes per annum linked to JKM and recently signing an LNG sales and purchase agreement with Delfin and Gunvor for long-term liquefaction offtake; completing our Eagle Ford exit for a total consideration of greater than $3.5 billion and receiving credit upgrades from all three agencies and exiting the year with a cash balance of approximately $1.1 billion. Turning our attention to 2024. We started the year by announcing our shareholder value driven merger with Southwestern. Our combined company will accelerate America's energy reach by accessing more markets, effectively mitigating price volatility and ultimately increasing the revenue per unit of the product we sell. We are very encouraged about the growth and long-term demand for natural gas, the affordable, reliable, lower carbon energy the world needs. Today, the market is clearly oversupplied. In addition, we see capital supply cycles that can take 12 to 18 months to evolve while demand fluctuates quarterly. While we will benefit from a strong hedge position, we are responding accordingly with our 2024 capital and operational plan. First, we are reducing capital by nearly 20% and production approximately 15% from the preliminary outlook we provided last quarter. Under our revised capital program, we plan to limit our turn-in-line count to 30 to 40 wells with the majority having already occurred in January and February, drop two frac crews, leaving one frac crew in each basin and drop two rigs, resulting in four rigs in the Haynesville beginning in March and three rigs in the Marcellus beginning midyear. We believe limiting turn-in-lines and building DUCs is the prudent response to today's market. Doing so will shorten our cycle of supply to appropriately and effectively meet market demand. This results in shorter cycle capital efficient decisions that will ultimately offer incremental capacity of up to 1 Bcf per day by the fourth quarter, ensuring we have ample supply to provide customers when demand recovers. Ultimately, our plan is designed to maintain productive capacity which positions us to quickly return to over 3 Bcf per day with minimal incremental capital investment. We will be prudent in our approach, bringing production back online efficiently as consumer demand warrants. Overall, our 2024 program demonstrates Chesapeake's continued focus on capital discipline, operational efficiency and free cash flow generation, while building the capacity to consistently deliver for consumers and shareholders through all demand cycles. Simply put, Chesapeake is built for the volatility we are experiencing today and our strategy is positioning the company to thrive as the market rebalances into 2025. We have the portfolio, balance sheet and demonstrated operational track record to continue driving capital efficiencies, maximizing returns and reducing risk. I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. And we're now pleased to address your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Josh Silverstein with UBS.
Josh Silverstein: So I wanted to start just on the game plan that you guys have outlined here. The 1 Bcf a day reduction in this plan, was this a function of the base declines that you have with the lower rig count or asked another way, what are the other kind of iterations that you guys came up with for the outlook?
Nick Dell'Osso: So I want you to think about the production decline that we're seeing today as a function of the base decline, because what we're really doing is we're just stopping turn-in-line wells that we have had in progress. And the reason we're doing that is that we see that the market is oversupplied right now. CapEx reductions that we and anybody else in the industry take on have an impact to production several months out as long as 12 months out. And we need to -- for our business, we believe the right answer is to reduce production today. The market is oversupplied today, the value that you would receive for turn-in-line wells today reflects the fact that the market is oversupplied. And so we think we should hold on to that productive capacity and then turn it in line when there is greater demand and when the market is not oversupplied. This allows us to be responsive quickly. And so that that amount of production that we've quoted is really just to give you a sense of how much productive capacity we would build up to be responsive to the market as the demand is there by the end of this year. We quoted it as a Bcf a day if all of those wells were turned in line in one quarter. Now that's probably not a very realistic answer. We would probably layer those in. We would assume that demand would come back in some measured fashion and therefore, we could return production in a measured fashion. But that would be the aggregate volume that would be sitting and ready to respond.
Josh Silverstein: And then just given the volatility in natural gas prices you've seen over the past couple of years, do you think you'd want to operate with a backlog of wells going forward? This way you could respond to the changes in price environment, your balance sheet and interest rates can afford that. So I'm curious how you're thinking about operating going forward?
Nick Dell'Osso: I think the fact that we feel comfortable pausing -- turn-in lines and slowing completions activity, slowing drilling activity to match that cadence should be considered as we would also be comfortable accelerating those cycle times in the future when needed. Really, all we're doing here is we're extending cycle times of past capital that's been deployed. We would have the flexibility to increase those cycle times in the future if market conditions warranted and deliver more production on a shorter period of time relative to the dollars that we're spending. So we like the flexibility in our business. And then at some point, if the market proved to continue to be undersupplied in the future, you could add capital and grow your productive capacity beyond where we sit today. But this change is really designed to maintain productive capacity in that neighborhood of 3.2 Bcf a day, you should consider maintenance capital of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion around that level of production. All of that remains unchanged for the business that we're presenting to the market today. We're just allowing cycle times to expand out, allowing our base decline to reduce the oversupply that we see today, which would cause us to receive a very low price for our gas. And to hold on to that production for a time when the market needs it better and we can better deliver it where customers need the gas.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: I want to actually continue along that kind of line of questioning. And you've already given us a lot of insight here, but this -- what you're laying out here is a new approach from what we've seen or at least from what I've seen over the last several years in the industry, not just building DUCs but also building TILs. And I'm wondering if you can elaborate a bit on -- recognize that this is a little bit terra incognita, but elaborate a bit on how you're thinking of the sequence of spending money on DUCs versus bringing TILs online. And I can think of at least a couple of different ways it might go. I don't expect you'll give us a price at which you act, but maybe you'll surprise me on that. But I could imagine one scenario where you would just -- when you got to the price you wanted you would just bring your TILs online and then you backfill with the DUCs. But I could also imagine the scenario where you guys are still running a completion crew and you don't want to bring wells online, and so you actually work down that DUC inventory ahead of time. So can you just elaborate a bit on how you're dealing with these kind of novel pieces that you now have on the board?
Nick Dell'Osso: I'll start and Josh may have something to add here. But the way we're thinking about this, Charles, is we will be paying very close attention to the underlying fundamentals, the underlying supply and demand situation in the market. And we'll try to bring gas online when we see that there is demand that needs the gas. Today, we are filling storage or not drawing from storage at the levels consistent with the past, which is setting us up to have pretty full storage going into the next storage season next fall. And so we can see very clearly that the market has more supply today than there is demand on an annualized basis. And so we think we should hold back our supply to better meet that demand in the future. We know that demand will grow in the future. We have confidence in that and we believe we should be more efficient with the capital we have spent, the wells that we have in cycle and the wells that we will continue to have in cycle. And so this really is about making sure that we are continuing a business from a capital perspective that is efficient at drilling wells, is efficient at delivering productive capacity, but that we can then have the flexibility to hold that production for the times that it's better needed. I want to reiterate that we are pretty optimistic about the future for gas markets and this allows us to better deliver production when it's needed, where it's needed into those markets as demand is present and ready for it.
Josh Viets: I think just the other thing I would comment on is we're going to be very prudent around how we activate production. And the optionality that we like about the deferred TILs is that it gives us an immediate response when we see that structural change in the gas markets. And so we would anticipate that we would start to activate the TILs and then we would likely soon after begin starting to activate some of the DUCs. But one thing to keep in mind is that any production associated with those deferred completions is effectively going to lag by a quarter. And so we do see that as effectively starting to backfill the TILs that we're starting to activate in the prior quarter. So we really like the cadence that is set up by this. And again, we think it offers quite a bit of flexibility for us going forward.
Charles Meade: And then my follow-up, it looks like to us like on a pro forma basis, like 20% decline, '24 versus '23, and that's a little bit higher than I would have guessed. And Nick, you may have given part of the answer already with the majority of your TILs for the year already haven't happened. But I'm wondering, is there also perhaps some kind of elective production restriction in there maybe through deferred midstream projects, or is there anything else that is contributing to that decline beyond just the pause in TILs?
Josh Viets: No, really the decline is being by the deferred TILs. You have a material amount of production that we're simply choosing not to enter into the system. And so that is ultimately what's leading the decline. And so what you see on a year-over-year basis or if you want to think about it from Q4 to Q4 is effectively the underlying base decline of the assets that we operate today.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Portillo with TPH.
Matt Portillo: Maybe Nick, just starting out at a high level, I just wanted to come back to the philosophical view on the capital allocation cut here. Looking at your hedge book that you have in place, it looks like your breakeven could have been justified on maintenance capital at a very low gas price in 2024, and you've obviously taken a very decisive step here to help correct the market from an oversupply perspective. Just curious how the team arrived at that decision and how this may kind of play out in regards to your views on return on capital and how you might think about adding back to the market in '25 and '26 as it relates to production?
Nick Dell'Osso: Let me start by saying we don't view this change as something that we are attempting to fix the market. We view this as what we think is prudent to manage our assets, our ability to generate cash flow for our shareholders, and that's really how we think about this, one company is not positioned to fix the market. And so we're really thinking just about what makes sense for our company and our shareholders each day. From a hedge perspective, we always separate hedges from the decision to deploy capital. Hedges are really about how you've deployed capital historically, there are financial protection, they're available to you for paper gains and losses. And there's no need to mentally tie hedges to the production that we deliver to market each and every day. So said in another way, because you have hedges should not divorce you from paying attention to supply demand fundamentals that are in front of you and impacting the price you receive for your physical product that you sell every day. And so the decision that we've made today is 100% about having a productive capacity that we have spent money on throughout 2023, looking at the market today, recognizing that the market is pretty clearly telling us that it doesn't need our gas today and knowing that we have the flexibility to hold off on delivering that gas to the market until such time that there is higher demand. So we're happy to do that. We did run a lot of different scenarios and thought about different changes to the capital program. We certainly thought about reducing the capital program in a more significant manner than we are here today. And what that really results in is bigger changes to 2025 production. And we don't believe that's prudent given the fundamentals that we see today. We expect there to still be a step change in demand in 2025 as incremental LNG capacity comes online, as the market continues to grow for natural gas domestically. We also think the supply dynamics would be better by 2025. Remember that there's a lot of capital cut across the industry last summer. And the results of those capital changes just haven't shown up yet. That's why I referenced in my opening comments that we see the cycle of capital and supply being as long as 12 to 18 months. Think about the fact that this past fall is when we really saw maximum supply to the market, we're really still seeing it today. And the CapEx increases associated with that supply response started in the fall of -- well, really in the summer of 2022 and carried through the beginning of 2023 with the big reductions in capital not occurring until the summer of 2023. So the lag time of CapEx decisions is very long. And what we're really attempting to do is be responsive to the market conditions that we see in front of us today knowing that a capital decision has a much longer time to take effect. So stopping, turn-in-line wells has an immediate impact on the economics that we see for our resource.
Matt Portillo: And then maybe as a follow-up question for Josh. Just curious how we should be thinking about the outlook for 2025? I know it's still a long ways off. But trying to think through how long it might take you to get back to more of a maintenance program as it relates to your rigs and your frac fleets? And then effectively, is it still fair to think about the timing being from about six months from when a rig hits the ground to when we should be expecting production to turn-in-line? I know you've got, obviously, the deferred TILs. But just thinking about kind of the base program, how that might progress over the next 12 to 18 months and what we need to see maybe fundamentally to start to pick back up towards the maintenance level on the base program?
Josh Viets: First of all, I mean, we clearly are looking for structural shifts in the demand side of the equation for us to be thinking about getting back up to some maintenance level of activity. But I think the way, again, that we would likely start to phase in activity is starting to activate our deferred TILs first. We then begin to activate our incremental frac crews, which would take us to a total of four frac crews across our business today, and then in the way we would think about any additional rig additions. So again, as we go down from five to four rigs in the Haynesville and then from four to three in the Marcellus is as we start to deplete the deferred completion inventory down to something that we would consider to be a more normal working level, we would then start to bring those rigs back. And you're absolutely right. As far as kind of a typical cycle time, you are looking at roughly six months from the time you add a rig to actually start seeing any meaningful production impact from those rigs.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nitin Kumar with Mizuho.
Nitin Kumar: I guess I want to start off, Nick, and just as you came up with this framework, to us, it looks like you're maintaining the balance between the Appalachia and the Haynesville, both of them are declining roughly about the same percentages and the mix stays the same. Would it not have -- why that sort of allocation across the two assets, would it have been maybe better to reduce the Haynesville a little bit faster? Just any color around that.
Nick Dell'Osso: Well, just keep in mind that pricing is different in both of the assets. And so certainly today when the market is oversupplied, you're receiving quite a low value for gas and the Marcellus storage is quite full in the Northeast. And so we do see it prudent to reduce turn-in-lines in both basins to what is something pretty close to zero for the rest of the year. Good news is we can change that quickly if the market changes and shows us that the gas is needed and we can change that by region, if there is a shortfall or improved market in the Northeast, we can change that separate and apart from the Haynesville. So we maintain full flexibility but we just see pretty similar market conditions in both places right now.
Nitin Kumar: And then for my follow-up, you mentioned that one company cannot fix the market, but you're about to become much bigger somewhere in the second quarter. The size of this deferred TIL inventory that you're holding, I know you can't comment on Southwestern's plans. But is this the right size for just Chesapeake or do you think this could be the right size for a combined company down the road?
Nick Dell'Osso: We're just thinking about Chesapeake here.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bert Donnes with Truist Securities.
Bert Donnes: I just wanted to follow up and clarify one of your previous comments. Is there a limit to the amount of DUCs you would build if we see a prolonged down cycle, maybe the 1 Bcf is kind of the limit maybe like that amount as you saved up ammo or would you start dropping rigs immediately in 25 if we saw sustained down cycle?
Josh Viets: That was part of our rationale for why we wanted to start taking rigs out now. You get to a certain point with DUC inventory where it simply starts to look and feel like inefficient use of capital. And so that's why we'll be dropping a rig next month in the Haynesville and then another rig in the Marcellus in July. So that is absolutely a consideration for us as we think about the allocation of capital to rigs and frac crews.
Bert Donnes: And was it a DUC limit or was the amount of production, the limit? It just seemed like a nice clean number at 1 Bcf. So I didn't know if that was kind of the solver for it or whether it was how many -- the way your rig frac crew would play out?
Josh Viets: I mean we clearly looked at both. But we really just tried to balance what we thought was a meaningful amount of production that we could activate with an efficient use of capital going forward. So there was simply a balance that we try to strike between the two.
Bert Donnes: And then I'll shift gears to stop hammering that point. I'm just trying to understand the buyback activity in 4Q. Was that cut short due to the merger announcement or would there have been kind of a similar amount, even if you didn't enter a blackout period? And maybe if you could reconcile that against the cash, free cash flow being technically negative in 4Q, yet you still had some activity?
Nick Dell'Osso: Look, we were really comfortable executing our buyback throughout 2024. Obviously, once we got deep into the merger discussions that activity had to pause. We are not able to restart that activity while we have a pending transaction like the merger out there. So in the future, we'll be back to buying back stock when we can and look forward to that day. But I'd just remind you that inclusive of buybacks and dividends in 2023, we had a 8% return to equity, pretty robust, and we felt good about that number. And I guess it's a fair statement to say that if we weren't engaged in those discussions we probably would have continued to buy some stock through the end of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Nick, the markets just opened, the gas stocks are all up, gas prices are up 17%. I just want to see strong message and taking leadership like based on how to navigate this is something I think the rest of the industry could pay attention to. So well done on that. My question is two things kind of related. First, you are still spending $1.3 billion this year. But the way I look at it is -- or the way you look at it, I should say, you're putting in place by the end of the year, a Bcf a day of spare capacity about a 30% decline. If I simplistically add those two numbers together, the exit rate, call it, 2.2 plus 1 Bcf, you're pretty much back to your maintenance kind of level, but you're doing it -- or production, but you're doing it with a substantially lower capital number 1.3 versus what you tell us is 1.5 to 1.6. What am I missing?
Josh Viets: Doug, I mean I think the key element to that is in order to then to sustain that, I mean -- and again, assuming all of the production comes on in the fourth quarter and you're back at that 3.2 to 3.3 level, we need to get back on a pretty normal cadence of maintenance activity, which includes completing, say, 15 to 20 wells a month and then ultimately getting back to having five and four rigs between the Haynesville and Marcellus. So the key there is we can add the production back and then we need to be deploying the capital at a maintenance level in order to support that going forward.
Doug Leggate: So we shouldn't think that there's an implicit reset in sustaining capital now that the Eagle Ford has gone.
Josh Viets: No, we don't see that.
Doug Leggate: My follow up is
Nick Dell'Osso: I would add, Doug, we did say in our opening comments that we're continuing to see some good capital efficiencies across the assets. We had record wells drilled in both the Marcellus and Haynesville. We continue to focus on capital efficiencies across our assets and generally, we find that these times when you reduce activity or when you make real progress. And so we're looking forward to 2024 being another very strong year from a capital efficiency standpoint, continuing to improve our pace of drilling, our cost per stage of completions and our overall effectiveness at bringing wells online for the maximum productivity for that given location at the lowest possible cost.
Doug Leggate: And obviously, I know you don't want to talk about Southwestern, but presumably, this would be the strategy for the combined company. Fair point?
Nick Dell'Osso: Well, I mean, again, when we think about the decisions we're making for capital allocation for this year, it has nothing to do with our merger. This is just simply looking at the productive capacity we have today, the market conditions we see in front of us, making the best decisions we can make for our shareholders. Now the concept that a company with a very strong balance sheet and a large production base can basically use the turn-in-line cadence available to us much the way that we would use storage if there was more storage available in the market is a strategy that I think could be deployed in the future and we would look forward to considering those opportunities. But our hope is that by the time you get to 2025, you have a step change in demand. We see growing demand for gas. We will be in a position to continue to deliver the most efficient, lowest cost gas we can to the market as quickly as we possibly can to a market that needs it. We think that's the more likely future for us.
Doug Leggate: My follow-up is a quick one. Again, to the extent you can speak to this, Nick. You haven't had an FTC request, a second FTC request, I should say. You're still talking notionally about second quarter close. If we look at everything else going on in the market, one would assume that you're probably going to get a second FTC request. My question is, does that have any impact on integration planning or does that go ahead anyway?
Nick Dell'Osso: No, we're well into the weeds of integration planning at this point. We have a tremendous amount to work on, very busy. We have teams that have been set up and working through how to think about a pro forma organizational structure, all the business processes, all the IT systems, all of the things that you plan for. We will be ready for a quick close. We can continue to work on things from an integration standpoint. If it takes longer, we won't let that distract us or bother us in any way. We're well into the work required for a successful integration.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Paul Diamond with Citi.
Paul Diamond: Just a quick one on the kind of more of the operational side of those deferred TILs. How should we think about any potential movement just on the type curves, whether it's increased pressure bleed or maybe increased saturation. Do you guys anticipate those type curves looking any different from just normally completed wells and normally tied wells?
Josh Viets: No, we don't. We've been operating these assets for well over a decade. And so we have a lot of experience being in a situation where we had to defer completions and in this case, defer TILs. And actually, through the years, we've seen some benefits to this where we simply see the water and dive into the reservoir. And so as we start to reactivate the production, we see similar gas productivity but less water production which, of course, is beneficial from an operating cost standpoint. So no, we do not anticipate any change to type curves.
Paul Diamond: And just kind of circling back on one of the comments from the prepared remarks, just talked about a 70% well cost improvement in Marcellus. Just wanted to see how you were thinking about the progression of that, whether there's more meat on the bone or I guess how much -- what your guys' internal target is for how much more you can improve things out there?
Josh Viets: I mean, the teams have done an unbelievable job this year really across the whole company, capturing efficiencies. We quoted there a 40% improvement in our footage per day. On top of that, starting in the fourth quarter, we are starting to see some deflationary elements start to show up in the cost with the biggest mover being on the OCTG side, which has come off for us around 40%. So we do think there's some tailwind coming into the year. We guided at the end of last year to around a 5% to 7% deflation from kind of year-over-year levels. We still feel pretty good about that right now. We're anticipating the Marcellus to be around 10% year-over-year cost improvements, which is a combination of deflation, extended laterals, which were going to be up about 15% or so and just execution efficiencies that we see showing up in the system. And my expectation is we continue to get better as well and we start to see costs beyond that 10% that I've quoted here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Scialla at Stephens.
Michael Scialla: Nick, you mentioned you probably wouldn't bring back the 1 Bcf per day in any given quarter. But if you do get the step change in demand that you're anticipating, how quickly could you bring that Bcf per day online? Does it take a full quarter or is it something less than that? And are there any infill constraints or anything that you need to be thinking about there?
Josh Viets: There's going to be some operational considerations as we start to reactivate the production. It's just simply logistics planning around managing gas, coming into gas gathering systems and water. And so we think that over the course of weeks, if not months or a quarter, it's over a matter of weeks, so say, month. We think we can start to reactivate that production. But I'd just remind you, we're obviously going to be monitoring the markets in each of the basins, though they are very different, they have different market dynamics. And so it could be that we start to phase in TILs in one area and not the other with that may be lagging behind. And so I think there's just a number of considerations. But the teams are well prepared to manage this type of activity and anxious to see what they do with it.
Michael Scialla: And just a follow-up to that. With the reduction in volumes you have, are there any commitments with momentum or any other pipelines that will come into play that you need to keep an eye on?
Mohit Singh: So the way you should think about momentum pipeline, the volumes that we have committed there, which is 700 million a day, is essentially volumes that we would read out from existing pipelines. So this is not a volume that we are growing into and that's just altering the flow path and moving volumes around on the pipeline network. So it doesn't really constrain us or put any restrictions on us with regards to how we grow it. So you shouldn't really worry about that constraint.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ati Modak with Goldman Sachs.
Ati Modak: Just curious if you can provide any color on how you are thinking about the deleveraging plan given where the strip is, and what that means for free cash flow this year? I know you have cash on the balance sheet. But is there a minimum cash you would like to retain through the year as you go paying down debt?
Nick Dell'Osso: I'll start and then Mohit may have more to add here. I just would reiterate that as a stand-alone company, we don't have a debt reduction target. And so as we think about our 2024 plan, we're very, very comfortable with all of the decisions we're making and the very strong balance sheet we have, frankly, with and without these decisions being made. That said, pro forma for the close we will be very focused on debt reduction. One of the reasons we find ourselves in the position we're in today, which is to be able to be a very efficient consolidator, in a merger context with Southwestern, to be able to have the capital flexibility we're showing with how we're directing our production cadence this year, all relates to having a very strong balance sheet. It will be a top priority of this company to maintain a strong balance sheet through these cycles. And we see that being absolutely front and center for our strategy and something we expect to deliver on regardless of the market conditions.
Mohit Singh: The only thing I would add to that is coupled with a very strong hedge book and $1.1 billion of cash that we have on hand, it's a pretty strong balance sheet. So from a leverage point of view, we feel pretty comfortable. And then when you start looking at the maturity profile of the debt that we have also, so there's no near-term maturities, which are coming up. So as a stand-alone company, we are pretty comfortable with where we are. And as Nick said, once we are post close with Southwestern then we'll have a slightly different approach.
Ati Modak: And then with the activity and production guidance you've given, how should we think about the cadence of production through the rest of the year? It sounds like it could be a steady quarterly reduction, but any color you can provide there if it's going to be a step change or steady? And then also help us understand what the cadence is between the Appalachia and the Haynesville assets?
Josh Viets: Maybe just kind of address the second question first. Really, at this point, that's just undetermined. Again, there's different market dynamics between each areas. Each of the assets have different cost structures that's going to guide that ultimate decision on how we restart tilting wells or activating completions. As far as the production cadence, again, we stated that we'll have 30 to 40 turn-in-lines for the year. We've already turned in line 25 of those. And so as a result, we are anticipating quarter-over-quarter decline. And as we look at kind of Q4 of '23 to Q4 '24, we see that equating at a corporate level to just under 30% with Haynesville being slightly above that and Marcellus being slightly under 30%. So it will be a pretty steady decline.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Phillips Johnston with Capital One.
Phillips Johnston: I appreciate your comments, you can't really speak for Southwestern. Just wondering from a housekeeping perspective when you guys plan to provide pro forma guidance that includes the impact of the deal. Is that a -- is the timing there probably around when it closes?
Nick Dell'Osso: I think that's a good safe assumption, Phillips.
Phillips Johnston: And then, Nick, I'd be curious to hear your high level thoughts just on the administrations all on the LNG front and what you think that might mean for the long-term gas market?
Nick Dell'Osso: We are still really optimistic on the long-term gas market. And that's just based on the underlying view that natural gas is the most efficient answer to energy supply challenges around the world. Those supply challenges come from shortages or limited access to energy broadly, they come from climate concerns, they come from political and stability concerns. And natural gas is really the best answer, especially natural gas in the US is the best answer to all of those challenges. As a result, we think that the administration will ultimately find a very strong answer as they review the need for permitting approvals here. We expect that, that will be seen positively as we see it and we expect this will move on in due time. I think it's unfortunate. I think it's not good for those parts of the economy that need incremental energy and need it as quickly as they can get it. This pause will slow things down a little, which is unfortunate and not great for those that are seeking incremental gas. But we have confidence that the merits of LNG export from the US will be seen by all and that approvals will be taken back up again in the future.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for any closing remarks.
Nick Dell'Osso: Okay. Thanks, Rocco. Really appreciate everybody's time today. We know that our approach for 2024 is a little bit different than we've been able to do in the past as a company and that we think we've seen from others. We think it very much addresses the challenge that is seen in the market today, which is a near-term oversupply and a long-term very structurally positive natural gas market. We're excited about the position we're in. We look forward to the ultimate aligning of supply and demand in the market and a recovery for natural gas broadly associated with that alignment. And we think we're really well positioned for that. So look forward to continuing to discuss this with all of you. Well be out on the road at a number of different conferences and events in the next week to two weeks, and look forward to engaging throughout the year. Thanks very much for your time again today, and we'll talk soon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.
