===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-08 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Occidental's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jordan Tanner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jordan Tanner: Thank you, Anja. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Sunil Mathew, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Richard Jackson, President, Operations; U.S. Onshore resources and Carbon Management; and Ken Dillon, Senior Vice President and President, International Oil and Gas Operations. This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. We'll also reference a few non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in the schedules to our earnings release and on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jordan, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll begin today by highlighting our first quarter performance in which all 3 segments delivered strong results. Then I'll detail some promising new developments taking shape in Oman, recent debt reduction progress and how we are approaching activity levels in a macro environment with heightened volatility and uncertainty. Our teams once again delivered outstanding performance across the portfolio, generating $3 billion in operating cash flow before working capital in the first quarter while handling challenges from weather and seasonality. Our oil and gas business produced at just over 1.39 million BOE per day. That's at the midpoint of our production guidance. Our domestic oil and gas operating cost of $9.05 per BOE came in substantially below our initial expectations. These results reflect the team's relentless pursuit of efficiency, cost management and safe operations. Our 2025 development activities are progressing well alongside the operational excellence and innovation initiatives we discussed last quarter. Already, we are seeing meaningful advancements in one of our key focus areas, that's efficiency-driven well cost reductions. In the Permian, enhanced well designs and strong execution have resulted in a 15% improvement in drilling duration per well versus last year, with particularly notable performance in the Delaware Basin. These achievements, along with more efficient completions and pad utilization, have reduced our Permian unconventional well costs by more than 10% compared to last year, already surpassing the 5% to 7% target we outlined just a few months ago. The drilling efficiency gains give us the confidence to drop 2 drilling rigs from our Delaware Basin program this year. Thanks to accelerated cycle times and improved time to market, we expect to bring more wells online and with slightly increased production even with this reduced rig count. As outlined during our last call, we expect company line production to grow from the first quarter through to the second half of the year. Growth will primarily be driven by the completion of turnarounds in the Middle East as well as a variety of activities planned in the Gulf of America. Steady onshore development should also be a significant driver and will more than offset volumes associated with recent divestitures. Turning to Oman, I'm pleased to share that we are in advanced negotiations with the Oman government to extend the current Block 53 contract by 15 years to 2050. This agreement is aimed to deliver significant value to all stakeholders while closely supporting Oman's national objectives. Block 53 includes the Maisan field, already recognized as a world-class steam flood. The proposed expansion would cover all reservoirs, including both low decline enhanced oil recovery and primary production across stacked pay formations. We see the potential to unlock more than 800 million gross barrels of additional resources that offer competitive returns. While final negotiations and a formal agreement are still pending, we believe this extension will enhance Oxy's cash flow beginning in 2025. We're proud of the deep roots, strong relationships and mutually beneficial partnerships we've built in Oman over the past several decades. These partnerships have been central to our shared success, including recent exploration achievements and that momentum continues to build. In North Oman, we recently made a significant gas and condensate discovery with estimated resources in place exceeding 250 million barrels of oil equivalent. While it is still early days with appraisal and development plans under evaluation, the resources advantageously located in your existing infrastructure. OxyChem's performance also exceeded expectations, delivering $215 million on an adjusted basis. The business overcame several operational challenges associated with winter weather, which impacted production and increased raw material cost for ethylene and power. Looking ahead, we expect OxyChem to continue extending its market leadership as a low-cost operator. Our midstream and marketing business significantly outperformed the high end of our guidance range for the first quarter. Results were driven by strong gas marketing optimization in the Permian, where our teams captured value during a period in March of heightened third-party midstream maintenance and regional pricing disparities. In addition, the midstream business benefited from a healthy market for sulfur produced at Al Hosn, contributing further to our strong quarter. While STRATOS continues to advance towards commissioning a start-up in West Texas, we are pleased to be making commercial advancements in other parts of our low-carbon portfolio. In April, 1PointFive signed a landmark 25-year carbon offtake agreement with CF Industries and its partners for their planned low-carbon ammonia facility in Louisiana. This agreement supports the transportation and geologic storage of approximately 2.3 million metric tons of carbon dioxide annually at our Pelican hub. Agreements like this highlight Oxy's unique capabilities and demonstrate the growing demand for large-scale carbon management solutions to support major investments in American manufacturing and creation of jobs. Importantly, this contract does not require near-term capital expenditures that fits squarely within our disciplined growth strategy in low-carbon ventures. Our first quarter results continue to demonstrate how the quality of assets, the talent of our teams and our culture of innovation service catalysts for strong financial results and provided a solid foundation for free cash flow generation. Turning now to our deleveraging progress. Our cash flow priorities aim to position the company for long-term success. Debt reduction remains a key focus, and we are committed to strengthening our financial position to support a more meaningful return of capital to common shareholders across the commodity cycles. In the meantime, we believe equity holders will benefit from the rebalancing of enterprise value into common equity through steady debt reduction. And we're making significant and steady progress. Year-to-date, we've retired $2.3 billion in debt with cash sourced from noncore oil and gas divestitures, common warrant proceeds and organic cash flow. Over the past 10 months, we've repaid a total of $6.8 billion, reducing annual interest expense by $370 million. All 2025 maturities have been retired, providing us with a more comfortable runway over the next 14 months. As we evaluate options to further accelerate deleveraging, including potential divestitures, we will remain dedicated to disciplined execution and long-term value creation. Now I'd like to briefly address the current market environment. Uncertainty around demand, policy and supply is creating headwinds for the sector and increasing commodity price volatility. From tech trade and tariffs to the return of OPEC+ volumes, oil markets are under pressure from multiple fronts. As operators, we cannot control the macro, but we can control how we respond. We are taking proactive steps in response to the current environment to enhance this year's program. The Permian rig reductions are complemented by project Scope and timing optimizations across the portfolio, including the Gulf of America. Together, these actions have enabled us to lower capital guidance for the year by $200 million. We're also executing significant cost actions with $150 million in estimated 2025 OpEx savings. These steps will strengthen margins and enhance financial resilience with minimal impact on this year's production. We are closely monitoring the evolving macro backdrop and remain ready to take additional action if needed. We believe the diversity of our portfolio and flexibility of our development programs position us well to respond quickly to changing conditions. If commodity prices weaken meaningfully, we are prepared to scale back activity and manage cost prudently, preserving value through the cycle just as we did in 2020. We are measured in making large-scale adjustments to activity levels for 2 key reasons: First, our high-quality, low breakeven inventory in our current development programs; and second, the proven benefits of sustaining long-term operational efficiencies. Many of the significant capital efficiency gains achieved in recent years stemmed from maintaining steady development programs with consistent rig lines and frac crews. Disruptions to that continuity can take months and, in some cases, longer to fully recover. As I highlighted today, maintaining steady operations continues to drive material capital efficiency improvements, which remain the most durable and impactful form of CapEx reduction. Our focus is not solely on maximizing free cash flow in 2025, but on sustaining strong cash flow generation potential over the next several years and preserving value. At Oxy, we are approaching this environment with discernment and discipline. Our focus remains on protecting and compounding value across cycles, not overreacting to volatility, but positioning through it. I'll now hand the call over to Sunil to review our financial performance and discuss the enhanced guidance in more detail.
Sunil Mathew: Thank you, Vicki. In the first quarter of 2025, we generated an adjusted profit of $0.87 per diluted share and a reported profit of $0.77 per diluted share. The difference between adjusted and reported profit was largely driven by the mark-to-market impact of derivatives in our marketing business. During the first quarter, strong operational execution enabled us to generate approximately $1.2 billion of free cash flow before working capital, and we exited the first quarter with $2.6 billion of unrestricted cash. We had a negative working capital change, which is typical for the first quarter as a result of semiannual interest payments on our debt, annual property tax payments and payments under our compensation plans. Additionally, the first quarter included $350 million of 2024 tax payment as part of the federal disaster relief program following Hurricane Bill. Though we expect the working capital change to partially reverse over the remainder of this year, the second quarter will also include another $110 million tax payment associated with the same program. As Vicki highlighted, all 3 segments delivered strong results and exceeded our original expectations. The outlook for the remainder of the year has a positive trajectory and the operational strength demonstrated this quarter provides a solid foundation for the improved corporate guidance, which I will turn to now. Looking ahead to the second quarter, the midpoint of total company production is expected to modestly increase compared to the first quarter annual low of 1.39 million BOE per day. The production increase is driven from several sources, including Permian activity levels, the completion of annual plant maintenance at Dolphin and the return of Gulf of America production following seasonal maintenance projects. This growth more than offsets a turnaround in Allison [ph] currently planned in the second quarter, and the impact from first quarter divestitures, which included a reduction of over 15,000 BOE per day in the Rockies. Though we revised full year Gulf of America production guidance down due to some discretionary capital optimization, including differing one development well into 2026, it is fully offset by Permian time-to-market driven acceleration from realized efficiencies. We are maintaining our total company production guidance for the year, though the modified production mix is expected to slightly reduce annual total company oil cut. The shift in production mix resulting from the previously referenced divestitures, along with maintenance activities in the Gulf of America are key factors behind the elevated domestic operating expense per BOE guidance for the second quarter. That said, as Vicki noted earlier, we are reducing our full year operating cost guidance from $9 to $8.65 per BOE, reflecting our commitment to driving operational efficiency. We had a strong start to 2025 in our chemical business and overcame some short-term operational impacts limited to the first quarter. While uncertainty remains around global trade, we anticipate modest domestic demand growth in the caustic and PVC markets through the second and third quarters. We also expect some rationalization of domestic capacity in the second half of the year that should help rebalance some of the recent supply growth in the domestic market. As Vicki highlighted, our midstream teams are well positioned to capitalize on gas marketing opportunities. Strong execution and outperformance enabled us to raise midstream's full year guidance range by $40 million. While we do not expect these market conditions to persist, the results underscore the strength and reliability of our capabilities during periods of volatility. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect midstream earnings to decrease as a result of declining commodity prices and the associated timing of delivery and cargo sales. However, this will be offset by mark-to-market adjustments, which is a byproduct of our strategy to preserve margins in oil marketing. In terms of capital spending, our first quarter results were in alignment with the 2025 business plan and a capital program that is weighted towards the first half of the year at approximately 55%. Driven by our confidence in maintaining realized efficiency gains, we elected to release our Delaware Basin rig in April and plan to release another in early Q3. Through continued optimization of infrastructure and operational spending across our domestic assets, we have reduced our capital guidance range by $200 million without impacting total company production. Combined with the $150 million in projected operating cost reductions, this is expected to deliver a positive cash impact of $350 million in 2025. Before I close, I would like to expand briefly on Vicki's comments regarding how we are positioning the company financially. Debt reduction remains a core priority as demonstrated by a consistent pace of repayments and the diversified sources of capital contributing to that progress. We were pleased with the results of our March program to temporarily reduce the common warrant exercise price, an initiative that allowed us to retire $900 million of debt in April. With all common warrants expiring in 2027, the modest acceleration meaningfully enhanced our deleveraging trajectory. As Vicki mentioned, we continue to actively evaluate divestiture opportunities that align with our strategic priorities and enhance long-term value while maintaining our disciplined approach to execution. We have successfully navigated through prior cycles of volatility, and we are prepared to do so again. All 2025 maturities have been retired, leaving us well positioned with minimal debt obligations over the next 14 months. Our short-cycle U.S. onshore portfolio gives us tremendous capital flexibility, and our detailed scenario planning will enable us to act decisively while preserving long-term value. Importantly, we continue to be excited about the strong rate of change story unfolding across our midstream and chemicals segments, which are less exposed to commodity price risk. In midstream, starting this quarter, we will begin to see the benefits of our revised crude transportation contracts at lower rates, which will deliver a pretax cash flow uplift of approximately $200 million in 2025 and $400 million annually beginning in 2026. In the chemical business, the battleground modernization and expansion project will provide a significant uplift in earnings over the next several years. When combined with the anticipated roll off of this capital investment, the completion of STRATOS and the reduction in interest expense as we pay down debt, we are expecting approximately $1 billion in incremental pretax free cash flow from nonoil and gas sources in 2026, with even further expansion in 2027. As we have outlined on today's call, we are entering the remainder of the year with strong operational momentum, a strengthened financial position and a flexible operating framework. These advantages give us confidence in our ability to deliver consistent results, preserve value through commodity cycles and drive long-term shareholder returns. I will now turn the call back over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Sunil. As we move forward, we remain focused on strengthening the balance sheet, increasing returns to shareholders and contributing our significant resource base to advancing U.S. energy leadership. Above all, we are building a high-performing, resilient business to deliver strong results across commodity cycles through disciplined capital allocation, operational excellence and an unrelenting focus on value creation. With that, we'll now open the call for questions. As Jordan mentioned, Richard Jackson and Ken Dillon are here with us today for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley.
Devin McDermott: I wanted to start on the CapEx and OpEx reductions for this year. It seems like a mix of efficiency gains and then some shuffling around of time lines. You did a good job describing the Permian rig cuts, but can you talk a little bit more about the other buckets, infrastructure, Gulf of America and then OpEx, I think, is in reference to enhanced oil recovery? And as part of that, are there any impacts on 2026 production or capital from these changes that we should be thinking about?
Vicki Hollub: Yes. There's a mix of both of those. And we'll start with you, Richard, for the Permian.
Richard Jackson: Yes. Great. Thanks, Devin. Appreciate the opportunity to talk through this. teams have spent a lot of time and continue to do so really every year, thinking through our programs in the different scenarios, like Vicki said, focused on, of course, near-term free cash flow, but important to us is maintaining these cost efficiencies or these operational efficiencies for longer-term cash flow. And so as we look through that, just kind of a decision framework from a U.S. onshore perspective that might be helpful, continue to add cost efficiency. I think we shared certainly at the end of last year and then now in the first quarter, continued year-on-year performance improvement across well cost and operating expense. We look at our cost structure opportunities with supply chain and continue to look for opportunities there. And I'm sure Ken and I can provide more color there if interested. We look at infrastructure like you mentioned, in terms of capital facilities often. And as we think about the Permian in particular, we're able to optimize that. These are multiyear projects that support our development, and we can optimize that, but we've also been able to find synergies even in the Midland Basin with our [indiscernible] assets. And then we get the OpEx. And like you mentioned, OpEx for us, especially with our enhanced oil recovery business provides a lever for us to continue to work with when we're looking at maximizing cash flow. So for us, from a OpEx perspective, we look at things like direct costs like CO2 volumes and price, and our teams do a great job of optimizing around that. And then downhole maintenance is a big one for us. It's really doing well service work. And it really starts from our operating teams having a great approach to really that operating production system. The thing we wanted to point out, we've had a great failure reduction, so when you think about beam pumps in our operations. If we go back to 2023, we've had a 20% reduction in the failure of beam pumps pops. Well, what that means is you don't have to deploy rigs and services to repair down wells. And so our downhole maintenance rigs, we dropped over 30% over the last 2 years. And so as we think about both the capital and the OpEx, we do see these as sustainable as we go into next year, and it's just really great work over the last few years from our teams to help deliver that capability.
Devin McDermott: Okay. Great. And then sticking with free cash flow and capital, I like the updated guidance on the free cash flow inflection over the next few years. I was hoping you could break it apart a little bit further and talk about how much of that is coming from the incremental operating cash flow versus reductions in capital spending? Just trying to think through the evolution of nonoil and gas capital in both chemicals and low carbon embedded in those numbers.
Vicki Hollub: Great. Before we go to Sunil to answer that, I forgot, Devin, to hand it over to Ken, who has some information you can share with you about the Gulf of America projects that we have.
Kenneth Dillon: At, as Sunil mentioned, we rescheduled some of our activities associated with the medium-term projects spending $100 million left this year. no funds have been diverted from drilling and completion. So this gives us a chance to further optimize the design of the water floods and maybe also benefit from deflation that we're starting to see given it's a water flood mainly, we have some potential to play catch up later without impacting the overall project. We also defined the platform well from this year into next year. That will give us a chance to optimize the old platform program next year and also benefit from deflation too.
Sunil Mathew: Devin, so regarding your question around the cash flow inflection. So if you refer to Slide #14, so I'll start with the Chemicals segment first. So as we have said, the peak spending for the Battleground project is 2025, it's around $600 million. Next year, it's expected to come down to $300 million. So as you look at 2026, that is a $300 million saving on the CapEx side. And the project is expected to start up mid- next year. So it's an incremental operating cash flow of around $160 million once the project starts up. So that gets you to the $460 million. And on the midstream side, like we said, there are 2 oil transportation contracts at lower rates that are expiring this year. So 1 happens in end of Q1. The next 1 is end of Q3. So for this year, we get a benefit of around $200 million, and we get the full benefit of $400 million next year. And then with the roll-off of STRATOS spending, that's another $250 million. So next year, within the midstream segment, you're looking at $400 million -- $450 million of our cash flow improvement. And the last one is on the interest reductions as we pay down debt. So what we have assumed is all debt that is maturing in '26 and '27 we just paid down as it matures. Now that was just the assumption that we used to come up with this estimate. That is not the plan, but that's how we came up with the $135 million improvement in cash flow from interest expenses. So that gets you to the $1 billion. And for 2027, you get the benefit of the full $600 million CapEx reduction from the Battleground project. You get the uplift on operating cash flow once the project is fully online. And you have the interest payment reductions for both '26 and '27.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggett with Wolfe Research.
Doug Leggate: Vicki, I wanted to come back on my first question on one of the comments you made, and I want to make sure I'm not misquoting here, but you said we're going to accelerate deleveraging and look at all the options, including potential disposals. You -- obviously, your debt maturity profile, as Sunil has pointed out, is relatively shallow now over the next couple of years. So the implication is that you would put cash on the balance sheet, which obviously reduces net debt. I'm just curious if you can elaborate on what you're thinking in terms of disposals and whether with the midstream ramp-up, we might make it onto that list?
Vicki Hollub: Well, we can't really say exactly what we're going to do, but we can say with confidence that we will achieve the debt reduction that we have maturing in 2026. We would like to get that at least partially paid off this year, but we know we can achieve that certainly by the maturity. And as we've done with all the other debt that we've paid off thus far, accelerating it would be better for us in our view. But still -- we do want to keep a healthy balance of cash on the balance sheet, but pay the maturities as we can. So growing cash on the balance sheet isn't in the near-term plan, but after we pay off 2026 maturity, that could be a possibility.
Doug Leggate: That's really helpful. My follow-up is, again, related to free cash flow, but it really kicks off with the level of spending you have currently, a lot of the projects, as Sunil pointed out, particularly Battleground, but also DAC is rolling down next year. And I guess my question is, would you anticipate replacing that capital with other projects, such as Mehsana for example? Or do you envisage the absolute level of spending moving to a lower normalized level once these major projects are done?
Vicki Hollub: Yes. We expect that the capital will be lower next year. At what level, we haven't determined that yet, but we wouldn't replace that -- all of those -- the cost of those projects that we're completing with additional capital.
Operator: The next question is from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: I wanted to get your thoughts, maybe a follow-up to Doug's question, on divestitures. Vicki, at this point in the cycle, do you think it would be a better time to sell, call it, short-cycle assets in this type of environment? Or would you lean towards thinking about more long cycle assets within the portfolio? Just trying to get a sense of how you'd evaluate divestitures at this point in the cycle?
Vicki Hollub: Well, the key thing is we have several options. And so we always -- it's always value-based for us. There are still companies wanting to get into the Permian no matter what the cycle because most of us have a long-term view that oil prices over time are going to recover, probably not at the level we want this year or next year, but there's going to come a time when prices, especially given the lack of exploration success around the world and the fact that the largest 20 reservoirs in the world were discovered before 2000. So we think that there's going to come a time when oil resources are not going to be easily found or replaced. And so with that in mind, we do believe that companies realize that. And so whether it's oil assets or otherwise, we'll get the best value that we can and make the decision on that basis.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And maybe just a follow-up, shifting gears, you highlighted some new value enhancement opportunities in Oman. Maybe you could kind of unpack kind of the opportunity set in Block 53 and your North Oman discovery you announced?
Vicki Hollub: Yes, I'd say we're very excited about that. And Ken was you or Sunil, who's going to take that. Sunil is going to take that. Good deal.
Sunil Mathew: Yes. So maybe I'll stop and then hand it over to Ken. No, definitely, we are very excited about these opportunities. And Vicki did mention about cash flow improvement. Now at this point, although we cannot provide any guidance on any specific operational or financial metrics, I mean, all we can say is that we expect uplift in cash flow compared to where we are today, while also being resilient at lower oil price being a PSC [ph]. So we are excited about that. And the other thing is, we disclosed the production by country and on total international operating costs. So -- and so you should see flow through once we sign the contract in terms of what the uplift is. So definitely very excited about the extension, the Block 53 extension and the Oman North gas discovery. So now I'll let Ken talk about why we are so excited about this?
Kenneth Dillon: So thanks, Sunil. As you can see, we're having a great year in Oman. The vision of the Ministry of Energy is to unshackle the resources of the country, and we're delighted to play our part in this vision. Block 53 has very large inventory potential, as you can see from the slide, and we know it well. To date, we produced over 640 million barrels and currently operate 3,500 wells in the block with an incredibly strong operational team. As Vicki said, we see opportunities in all aspects, low decline EOR projects as well as conventional and exploration. These are projects that are competitive with any other Oxy investment. Like Richard said, we're focused on improving efficiency and in Oman that's no exception. We've had reductions in drilling cost per foot in Block 53 by 50% over the last 3 years on expense the same story as resources, our artificial lift performance has improved so significantly that our work over rig cost per barrel is reduced by 50% over the same period. Again, we'd like to thank the government of Oman, the Energy Minister and his team for all their efforts in making this happen. On [indiscernible], it's really great news. Our exploration team as well as being really skillful. They're also very persistent and they've been rewarded with success here. Vicki described the discovery. We're now exporting and selling and getting early reservoir data. Exploration also had another small discovery on the same block, which is also on stream and being assessed. Both were brought online in less than 13 weeks. In Block 9, where we had record production last year after 40 years, we continue with our CO2 EOR pilot. We're getting very encouraging results with no breakthrough. So we continue to be very positive about the project. So overall, a great quarter for Oman.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. So Oman is a country that keeps giving.
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Just wanted to get your perspective on the low-carbon ventures business. You got some important milestones coming up as it relates to STRATOS here. And just so just help us unpack how you're thinking about derisking those, and how the changing policy environment could affect the potential returns associated with at least Phase 1 of the project?
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I think it's very exciting. And Richard can give more detail with respect to the policy. There's such a strong voluntary compliance market and so many corporations that have committed to become carbon neutral that, in the interim, as we're building our DAC business toward a business that will use CO2 for enhanced oil recovery to get more oil out of the existing reservoirs that we have here in the United States to help extend our energy independence here. As we're building towards that, the compliance -- voluntary compliance market for carbon reduction credits will continue, I believe, to help us build the bridge between now and making the EOR realizations happen over time. And Richard, you have more detail?
Richard Jackson: Yes. Just maybe a couple of points to add to Vicki's. I mean I think sort of trajectory, a couple of things that we are excited about. One is our R&D progress. So I think specific with direct air capture, we continue to see accelerated just exciting cost down vision coming out of our team from carbon engineering. So when we look at that, we disclosed as we went from Phase I to Phase II, some of the changes and the reduction of process components and the savings associated with that, that continues. So we're excited about that piece of it. The other component, as we think about schedules is, the returns have to be competitive. So we've looked at that and how to do that derisking through R&D is 1 important component of that. But the operations with STRATOS coming online in the second half of this year and then the market support that Vicki described are all important decision criteria for us to FID going forward. I would say this partnership is the other piece of that. And so we look forward to, as we create the market and the cost down and the development opportunity, to have those development partners with us. So that really goes across all of our low-carbon efforts. And the final thing I would say, we just, as Vicki mentioned, with EUR continue to see all of these technology choices were to fit our integrated value. And so we see it not just in the tech development but also our cost as a core part of our Oxy business.
Neil Mehta: And then the follow-up is, I always value your thoughts on the oil macro and you're always willing to talk about how you think about moving pieces, including U.S. oil supply. So just get your latest thoughts. A couple of years ago, I know you guys were pretty constructive on the long term for oil because of the underinvestment in exploration. But obviously, a lot of moving pieces here now as we think about this year. So near term, long term and thoughts on U.S. supply?
Vicki Hollub: Yes. As you know, that most of the shale basins now have either plateaued or starting to decline, except for the Permian. And the Permian was really making up for the decline of the other basins. But the Permian, I believe, is, if companies continue to talk about dropping activity levels, I think the Permian could plateau sooner than we expected. And we had expected the Permian to continue growth through 2027. And we had expected that U.S. production overall would peak between 2027 and 2030. It's looking like with the current headwinds or at least volatility and uncertainty around pricing in the economy and recessions and all of that, it's looking like that peak could come sooner. So I'm thinking right now the Permian is, if it grows at all through the rest of the year, it's going to be very little.
Operator: Next question is from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Thank you for the walk through the free cash flow inflection in response to an earlier question. Can you just clarify if there's been any additional midstream recontracting or chemical project benefits added? Or if it was more of a reframing of the overall picture, but those specific components are unchanged?
Sunil Mathew: That's right. Nothing has changed. These were the 2 oil transportation contracts that were expiring in Q1 and Q3, which we had outlined earlier and other benefit was on the Battleground expansion project. So there's nothing new.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Great. And then I believe you kind of talked about one component of the lower operating costs coming from EOR. Can you give any more color around how you expect this to change the relative mix of EOR in the portfolio going forward, if at all?
Richard Jackson: Yes. Perfect. Yes, again, these sort of efficiencies we expect to really carry through more from a cost structure basis. Again, we didn't change production as part of this. And so it's things like continuing to work on operations efficiency, really optimizing CO2 through our reservoirs and how we do that. And so, if anything, it's expanding margins and continuing to improve the competitiveness of EOR in our portfolio.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Vici, just curious that if we're looking out into 2026 and '27, on your momentum of this year cost saving, what's the potential that we could expect for those 2 years? And how big of the opportunity set that we may be talking with that you see the most opportunity set? The second question is that, I mean, maybe with your comment earlier, talking about you think the U.S. could see production maybe pick up, say, somewhere between 2027 to 2030 or maybe even a bit earlier, if people continue to cut back, from a portfolio standpoint, should we assume that Oxy at some point over the next several years would like to substantially increase your activity level outside the U.S. then? And if that's the case, where do you see the most opportunities?
Vicki Hollub: Okay. I'll answer the second question first. And that is that I just want to go back and share with you some of what we've done to get our portfolio to where it is today. Going way back in time about 10 years ago, we were only producing about 650,000 BOE per day. Now our production is 1.39 million barrels per day. In 2015, 50% of our production was from international locations. Today, 83% is in the United States. We exited several countries but stayed only in the countries that are business focused and where we can see significant upside. In 2015, our oil and gas resources totaled $8 billion, with $2.2 billion of that improved. But today, we have $14 billion of total resources, oil resources with $4.6 billion in proved reserves. And in 2015, only 16% of our proved reserves and 25% of our total resources were shale. The rest was conventional. And today, 60% of our proved reserves and 55% of our total resources are shale. So what we've done over the past 10 years is we've taken our portfolio and expanded significantly in the shale so that we have more than a decade, maybe up to 15 years of development in the shale. But what people don't usually get is that we also have -- in addition to the shale, we have about $6 billion identified today of resources and conventional areas around our country -- I mean, our company. So right now that -- and I believe that $6 billion of additional resources is light when you consider the fact that we're doing AI work in the Gulf of Mexico -- or Gulf of America. We're also doing some work around water flooding, doing additional enhanced oil recovery there, production optimizations. So the Gulf of America is going to add to the $6 billion of conventional that we have. Also in Algeria, having just obtained the largest onshore 3D seismic survey, we expect that we'll get out of that upside that we can continue to add to the $6 billion. And then in Oman, as Ken mentioned, where he was talking about the gas block and what we've discovered there, that could be bigger. There could be -- where you find gas and you see structures around it, that means those other structures could have gas, same with the oil discovery. And we're continuing to make progress in the Block 9 and 27 where we have previously been working. So we have growth there. So when you look at those 3 areas and the growth potential that we could have, we just haven't done the appraisal work yet that we need to do, but we are almost going to be equivalent from a conventional resource perspective as we are from a shale perspective. And so that's going to extend our development potential well beyond the 15 years because you layer on top of that the fact that this direct air capture technology that we're developing is going to help us extract CO2 that could then enable us to do enhanced oil recovery and not only the reservoirs in the U.S., but the reservoirs in Oman, Algeria and potentially in Abu Dhabi as well. So we have -- as you were alluding to, we do have a lot of additional resources. So we've made the transformation from an asset standpoint, and we're getting close to rounding the quarter with our debt reduction. I believe that is going to unlock the -- a lot more value for our shareholders than most people have anticipated. So we're pretty excited about that, and ready to keep going with it.
Operator: The next question comes from Leo Mariani with Roth.
Leo Mariani: Just wanted to follow up on some of the CapEx and OpEx reductions here in '25. So I know you guys are dropping a couple of rigs and it sounds like cutting some EOR CapEx in the Permian, totally understand there's not really a near-term production impact, but if you look out over the next year or 2, do you see some modest production impact from some of those cuts at this point? Or do you think you can kind of make that up with further efficiencies over time?
Vicki Hollub: Yes. We made the decisions that we made because we absolutely did not want to sacrifice production in the outer years, '26 and '27, basically because that's cash flow that could be used to create additional value. So we're looking for high-return cash flow. And so those -- the decisions that were made can support that. And so we can, first -- don't let me get off track here, but let me get to Richard on some of the OpEx specifics. And then I want to go to Ken after that with supply chain who could address some of the cost reductions that certainly are going to help us without any impact on production.
Richard Jackson: Thanks, Vicki. Yes, I'll just add quickly. I mean, again, both -- I mentioned more on the OpEx, but on capital, again, efficiency related. This 2-rig drop was really an acceleration. So if you think about our program during the year, we were able to compress that drilling efficiencies. We noted, I think, in the highlights slide, that added 15 net wells online for the year and over 30-rig releases. And so that enabled us to do more with less. We're able to drop the rigs. The part of the CapEx was really this facilities and infrastructure. Again, optimizing that over multiyears, the way we have scale and our operations provides that capability. And then the one tidbit on that great opportunity came out of the CrownRock in our legacy Midland development where we were able to utilize one of their existing central facilities without building a new one for that operation. So that was several million dollars. So it's all things like that, that are really optimizing without that production or cash flow degradation, but definitely one of -- the other important piece of this is supply chain. So I want to let Ken discuss that.
Kenneth Dillon: Thanks, Richard. We've been through the cycles many times over the years. We understand the process. In terms of supply chain, it's about continuing to get best-in-class performance while trying to accelerate deflation of goods and services on both the CapEx and the expense side. We're working with our Tier 1 relationship companies who have scale and who also understand the market. 15 companies make up 40% of our spend domestically. At the same time as we're doing that, we're also receiving offers of reductions from viable vendors, both domestically and internationally. And something we've not had for quite a few years as a lot of people are talking about market share rather than margin in this environment and the benefits of it. So we see benefits going forward into next year related to deflation and managing services going forward.
Leo Mariani: Appreciate that. Wanted to switch gears to the Chemicals business a bit here. Just kind of looking at your first half outlook for '25, you guys are expecting around $435 million or so of operating income there. Your full year guide is $900 million to $1 billion. Just wanted to kind of square the circle there. Should we be thinking that maybe chems is going to be a little bit towards the lower end kind of based on where we are in some of the economic uncertainty at this point? And maybe you can just provide a little bit more kind of color on how you're thinking about chemicals and the outlook going forward?
Sunil Mathew: So maybe I'll first start with the market dynamics and then get to your questions. So in terms of demand, starting with PVC, we expect the domestic PVC demand to grow by around 4% to 5%. Internationally, economic conditions in China is what -- is still challenging, and the oversupply in China is weighing on the export market. And if you look at China's PVC exports, it has grown significantly over the last few years. The export market share has grown from almost 0 in 2020 to around 30% in 2024. So these lower export prices also put downward pressure on domestic prices. And now shifting to the caustic side, domestic demand is expected to be quite similar to last year. And on the pricing side, the recent Gulf Coast expansions that came online in late 2024 is expected to maintain the pricing pressure. But the rationalization of domestic capacity, which is targeted for the second half, should help rebalance the market and improve pricing. So if this rationalization happens earlier than what we have forecasted or the Chinese economy does better than market expectations, that will definitely help with the pricing. Now coming to your question around first -- second half versus first half. In Q1, we were impacted by several short-term events, the winter storm, unplanned outage at our Ingleside facility and also increased raw material cost, mainly ethylene and natural gas. So in later part of Q2 and as we move into Q3, we expect to see improvements in demand and pricing as domestic and foreign producers continue to rationalize supply. Also, the recent drop in ethylene and natural gas price should also help with the earnings in the second half. So there is still quite a bit of uncertainty around how the demand and pricing will play out for the rest of the year, but there's also potential tailwinds from lower cost. So currently, we expect the full year income to be within the guidance range, but we should have more clarity after the second quarter. So we decided to wait for another quarter before making any adjustments to the full year guidance.
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you all for your questions and for joining our call today. Have a great rest of your day. Thanks. Bye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-19 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Occidental's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Jordan Tanner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jordan Tanner: Thank you, Jamie. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Sunil Matthew, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Richard Jackson, President, Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management; and Ken Dillon, Senior Vice President, and President, International Oil and Gas Operations. This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. We will also reference a few non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in the schedules to our earnings release and on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jordan, and good afternoon, everyone. 2024 was a year of strategic execution for Oxy. We positioned the portfolio to maximize value by increasing our exposure in short-cycle, high-return assets, while also advancing major projects aimed at delivering sustainable returns through the cycle. Our team's relentless focus on performance and commitment to safe and reliable operations enabled us to progress our cash flow priorities delivering on our near-term deleveraging targets while growing value for our shareholders. I'll begin today by covering our 2024 financial and operational achievements as well as our strategic advancements that will position us for success in the years ahead. Then I will discuss our priorities and capital plans for 2025. Sunil will follow with a review of our fourth quarter performance and will provide guidance for the first quarter and the full year ahead. Occidental Petroleum Corporation outperformed across all three segments in 2024, generating $4.9 billion of free cash flow, enabling us to pay approximately $800 million of common dividends. An organic cash flow, we achieved our near-term debt repayment target of $4.5 billion seven months ahead of schedule. Our steadfast commitment to improving our balance sheet is coupled with our drive to invest in our future and generate long-term shareholder value. Capital improvements and operational efficiencies driven by our teams resulted in a capital spend of $6.8 billion, which was the low end of our guidance. Our midstream team also successfully revised key domestic crude transportation contracts to further enhance future cash flows. Now moving to operational excellence. The combination of execution efficiencies along with strong new well deliverability enhanced base production enabled us to achieve the highest annual US oil production as well as record total coffee production at 1.33 million BOE per day for Occidental Petroleum Corporation in 2024. This exceeded the upper end of full-year guidance. The US record production was driven by continued well performance leadership across our operated US onshore positions in the Delaware, TJ, Midland, and Powder River Basins. And El Hozan contributed to the overall company record. In 2024, our teams reduced a mess lease operating expenses per barrel by approximately 9% and lowered bulk cost by roughly 12% across all unconventional bases. A key differentiator for Occidental Petroleum Corporation is our ability to replace reserves to fortify the long-term sustainability of our business. In 2024, we increased our year-end proved reserve balance to 4.6 billion BOE, which is the highest in Occidental Petroleum Corporation's history. This represents an all-in reserves replacement ratio of 230% for 2024 and an organic reserves replacement ratio of 112%, extending our over 20-year track record of replacing reserves year after year with the exceptions of the downturn in 2015 and the pandemic in 2020. Also notable is that we have been replacing higher-cost production with a higher volume of lower-cost new reserves. Annually, our capital spend for oil and gas development is less than our annual DD and A cost. This is driving increased earnings per barrel and increased earnings per share. In addition, our US onshore inventory continues to get better, which is a testament to our team's dedication to continuous improvement. Even after accounting for wells drilled and divestitures, we increased our operated inventory of US unconventional well locations with sub-sixty breakevens. At the same time, we improved our average well breakeven by 6%. Our OxyChem business also outperformed, exceeding the original guidance midpoint to achieve over $1.1 billion in pre-tax income in 2024. And our midstream segment also performed exceptionally well with our gas marketing optimization efforts offsetting lower in-basin gas outperformance against our original guidance. Looking back to 2024, we advanced our strategy across all of our businesses. And I want to highlight a few of them. We closed on Crown, adding Midland Basin scale and high-margin inventory, as well as increasing our access to high-quality unconventional oil assets in the US. This is an asset that continues to demonstrate value. With both our financial and production results exceeding expectations. As construction in West Texas moved forward on Stratos, our teams in Squamish, British Columbia, focused on enhancing DAC technology. Some of their innovations are being implemented in Stratos. We believe DAC will deliver long-term value as well as help achieve US energy security by developing the carbon-neutral fuels the world needs. We have the flexibility to use DAC's CO2 for both EOR and sequestration. And some customers are focused on securing carbon removal credits. CDRs are important to help us prove up the technology and get the cost down. To advance those objectives, we signed several foundational CDR agreements. Last year, we accelerated the pace of DAC R&D through the integration of our carbon engineering and Occidental Petroleum Corporation teams, which has resulted in an open exchange of ideas that has expanded our culture of innovation. We are looking forward to bringing these learnings to the development of DAC facilities at the South Texas DAC hub, which was awarded funding from the US Department of Energy. Now I would like to share a few from our fourth quarter, which demonstrated continued strength in our financial and operational performance to close out a successful year. All three of our business segments also outperformed in the fourth quarter, delivering robust financial returns and generating $1.4 billion in free cash flow. Our OxyChem business generated $280 million in adjusted income, benefiting from better-realized prices and volumes in both the domestic and international markets. Our midstream business outperformed through continued gas marketing optimization during the fourth quarter and from higher sulfur pricing for Alhosin production. In our Oil and Gas segment, global production during the fourth quarter was 1.46 million BOE per day, outperforming the midpoint of guidance by 13,000 BOE per day and setting a record for Occidental Petroleum Corporation's highest-ever US quarterly production. Our teams ended 2024 with strong performance and momentum going into 2025. Looking to 2025, our strategic priorities reflect an extension of 2024. We remain committed to delivering value to our shareholders and believe strengthening the balance sheet is paramount to achieving this. Our first priority is to continue our deleveraging progress from last year and deliver sustainable dividend growth. Our now $1.2 billion of divestiture proceeds will be used for debt reduction. The savings from the reduced interest payments will be allocated to the dividend as this week our Board of Directors authorized a 9% increase in our common dividend. We recognize the need to balance reducing debt and financial risk today while preserving tomorrow's development opportunities and associated cash flow. To accomplish this, our second priority is to advance our major projects safely and reliably, bringing Stratos online this year and keeping the battleground modernization and expansion project on track for completion next year. Stratos is progressing on schedule to be commercially operational this year. We completed construction of trains one and two in December and have been thoroughly impressed by the work of our teams and our construction partner, Worley. Construction on the central processing facilities is expected to be completed in the second quarter with commissioning on trains one and two in parallel. Expect startup operations to continue in the third quarter with a ramp-up of the initial capacity through year-end. Our Battleground project is also advancing with completion expected in mid-2026 and commercial operations to begin later that year. The project is expected to increase cash flow through improved margins and higher product volumes, generating a strong return while improving OxyChem's market position for key ingredients used in producing clean drinking water, medicine, and soaps. Our third priority is to maintain our culture of innovation and commitment to operational excellence. Our team's relentless drive for improvement and focus on continuing learning has delivered great results to date, enabling us to outperform targets and deliver more with less. This is most recently demonstrated across the Crown Rock acreage wherein just a few months since close, we have identified numerous opportunities to deliver more production, lower well cost, and accelerate returns. This year, we expect a 10% improvement in time to market compared to last year, and we expect a 7% decrease in well cost which represents a 15% improvement relative to 2023. The teams are continuing to share best practices and innovate through best-of-best workshops which we expect will drive continued efficiency and performance improvements throughout the year. In addition, we see meaningful opportunities to leverage our competitive position, expanded scale, and enhanced capabilities across our full Midland Basin operations. Through the integration, we have identified scale efficiencies, and design improvements with the potential to lower well cost across our remaining Midland Basin Program by more than $1 million per well through drilling and completion savings. Reverse synergies were a key driver behind the extension of our Midland Basin JV with Patrol, which will enable additional development of the basin. The agreement further highlights the vital role investment in US oil and most notably the Permian plays in the global market. Our teams are also leveraging innovative ideas to unlock greater resources, achieve cost savings, and improve recoveries. Within our Permian operations, we are pushing the technical limits of well deliverability and conducting field trials to further advance deepening reservoir characterization and simulation efforts enhanced oil recovery in unconventional reservoirs. In our Gulf of America and international portfolio, we are utilizing advanced seismic to uncover new opportunities and provide a rich dataset for AI application. In Algeria, we recently completed the country's largest seismic data acquisition which was also the largest ever onshore acquisition for Occidental Petroleum Corporation. This will play a key role as we look to enhance value through future development. We also have an ambitious set of artificial intelligence initiatives ongoing to maximize value and improve margins. Our Gulf of America operations are utilizing AI to improve supply management, asset integrity, and reservoir characterization. Additionally, we created an AI center of excellence to align all intercompany AI initiatives and accelerate business value. Within our LCD portfolio, we are also at the forefront of direct lithium extraction technology. Working with our JV partner, we are progressing from a pilot to demonstration plan to explore the commerciality of our subsidiary Terralithium's patented DLE technology. Turning now to our 2025 capital plan. We aim to maximize cash flow by investing primarily in short-cycle high-return assets while making measured investments to advance our mid-cycle projects to provide future cash flow resilience. This year, we plan to invest between $7 billion and $7.2 billion in our energy and chemicals business. The oil and gas capital program is roughly equivalent to 2024 when adjusting for a full year of Crown Rock in our portfolio. Expect full-year production to average approximately 1.42 million BOE per day. This represents relatively stable production from 2024 when accounting for a full year of Crown Rock, with modest oil growth. Similar to years past, we anticipate production in the first quarter to reflect a low point for the year with a significant uplift expected from the second half. Sunil will provide more detail on this in our 2025 guidance. Investments in OxyChem are expected to increase to $900 million this year with 2025 representing the peak year for construction at Bell Ground. Battleground spend is expected to decrease substantially as the project nears completion in 2026, with OxyChem's capital reverting to maintenance levels the following year. The increase in battleground spend is largely offset by a decrease in our LCD spend in 2025. We have set it at approximately $450 million. The majority of this capital will be for the continued build-out of Stratos with the remainder directed towards our South Texas backup and Gulf Coast sequestration projects. We built our 2025 capital plan to focus on projects that we believe best position Occidental Petroleum Corporation for long-term success. As in past years, we have retained a high degree of flexibility with more than 75% of our oil and gas capital allocated to our US onshore portfolio. This allows us to adapt to commodity price fluctuations efficiently and respond to market conditions. In addition, our focus on short-cycle, high-return, unconventional development will help to facilitate our near-term debt reduction supporting our cash flow priorities and commitment to enhanced shareholder returns. Now I will turn the call over to Sunil.
Sunil Mathew: Thank you, Vicki. I will begin today by reviewing our fourth quarter results. We announced an adjusted profit of $0.80 per diluted share and a reported loss of $0.32 per diluted share. The difference was primarily due to an increase in long-term environmental remediation liability based on a recent unfavorable federal court ruling. We have appealed the ruling and will seek cost recovery from all potentially responsible parties. Annual remediation and potential cash outlay are not expected to materially increase over the next several years and are expected to extend over multiple decades. Our fourth quarter financial and operational outperformance delivered a strong close to the year with all three business segments exceeding guidance. We generated approximately $1.4 billion of free cash flow, benefiting from higher global production volumes despite lower realized oil prices. As Vicki mentioned, our US portfolio achieved record quarterly production driven largely by high operability and improved well performance across the Delaware and Midland basins. New well performance in our operated Rockies assets also exceeded expectations. Together, this more than offset lower production volumes from our domestic offshore and international assets due to respective weather events and PSE-related impacts. Notably, our 2024 production was achieved with less capital coming in at the low end of guidance. We had a positive working capital change in the quarter, primarily due to the timing of interest payments, impacts from lower oil prices, and fewer barrels on the water at year-end. This, together with our strong operational performance and disciplined capital program, enabled us to exit the quarter with over $2.1 billion of unrestricted cash after repaying $500 million of debt. Now turning to our business plan and guidance. Total capital for the year is expected to be between $7.4 billion and $7.6 billion with investment front-weighted to the first half of the year. Our capital plan represents a strategic mix of investments balancing short-cycle, high-return assets with investments in no-decline non-oil and gas projects, to provide diversification and cash flow stability. Our capital weighting towards a higher proportion of short-cycle US onshore assets will enable significant cash flow velocity that can be applied to debt reduction. It will also allow us to retain significant flexibility to respond to changing market conditions. In 2025, we expect full-year production to average approximately 1.42 million BOE per day, representing mid-single-digit growth from 2024. After adjusting for a full year of Crown Rock, total production volumes are expected to remain relatively flat, though with a nearly 3% increase in oil volumes. As was the case in 2024, our first-quarter production is expected to decrease from the prior quarter due to reduced fourth-quarter activity levels and a lower working interest in recently drilled wells. Severe winter weather in January also impacted Permian production. In addition, volumes will be impacted by plant maintenance and platform life extension at On Mountain as well as turnarounds at Alosin and Dolphin. While we expect lower volumes during the first half of the year, production is expected to ramp up in the second half. Much of this increase is coming from the Permian, which is expected to grow by more than 15% in 2025, due to a full year of Crown Rock and modest growth across our legacy positions. As Vicki mentioned, our Crown Rock assets continue to outperform and are expected to average over 170,000 BOE per day, representing more than 5% growth. Our guidance for Rockies volumes is lower for 2025, driven by the decision to adjust our gas processing to attain rejection in the DJ Basin. This is expected to increase revenues and improve margins, delivering greater value from our Rockies assets. Additionally, our announced divestiture of non-operated Rockies interest will lower full-year production from the region. When accounting for these items and reduced outside operated activity, our 2025 Rockies production is expected to be essentially flat from last year. Despite AVR maintenance during the first quarter, full-year production in our US offshore portfolio is expected to increase relative to 2024. This, coupled with our growth out of the Permian, is expected to increase our total company oil cut to 52% in 2025. Looking to the chemicals business, OxyChem ended 2024 with a strong operational performance, generating $280 million in adjusted pre-tax income in the fourth quarter and exceeding guidance by $50 million. This was driven by better-than-expected pricing in both the domestic and international markets as global supply disruptions kept prices higher and demand held strong through most of the fourth quarter. OxyChem's first-quarter income is expected to be lower than the prior quarter, primarily due to three short-term events. Our operations were affected by the winter storm in January, which temporarily impacted production and restricted access to the market. We also had an unplanned outage at Ingleside Presley that lasted approximately two weeks. And we are seeing an increase in raw material costs following higher-than-expected ethylene plant outages during the first quarter. These temporary cost pressures should ease early in the second quarter once the ethylene suppliers are back online. For the full year, we expect a slight decrease in OxyChem's earnings and are guiding to a midpoint of $1 billion of pretax income. This is driven in part by the events of the first quarter, forecasted high natural gas prices, and expectations for a slightly oversupplied market for the first half of the year. Following late 2024 domestic capacity additions, rationalizations are expected to occur in the second half, which should help to rebalance the market and improve pricing. Our midstream segment had a strong end to the year, with adjusted pretax income outperforming guidance by $104 million. The bulk of this was due to gas marketing optimization in the Permian, with our teams once again expertly managing market volatility to maximize margins. Higher sulfur prices for Alosin also contributed to these earnings. All in, the midstream segment demonstrated exceptional performance throughout the year with adjusted pretax income surpassing the midpoint of our original full-year guidance by approximately $600 million. We expect slightly lower midstream earnings in 2025, as the opportunities for gas transportation optimization narrow with increased takeaway capacity now online. While we may see fewer pricing dislocations and opportunities to capitalize on market spreads, we expect our upstream business to benefit from improved realized prices in the Permian. Reduced opportunities to optimize gas marketing will be partially offset by improvements in our crude marketing out of the Permian. As we mentioned previously, we expect to benefit from the revision of two crude transportation contracts at lower rates this year. One of these will be realized at the end of the first quarter, with the second coming into effect at the end of the third quarter. Given the timing, we expect to see an approximate $200 million benefit this year and expect approximately $400 million in annual savings in 2026.
Vicki Hollub: Turning to our LCV business.
Sunil Mathew: We are extremely excited about Stratus' progress to date and our expected startup of operations this year. Due to the timing and ramp-up period associated with bringing the first phase online, we are assuming a minimal contribution from Stratos in our midstream guidance. We expect a negative working capital change during the first quarter, which is typical for this time of year, driven by interest payments, property tax, and compensation plan payments. Additionally, there are two upcoming 2024 tax payments as part of the federal disaster relief program following Hurricane Barrel, which will further impact working capital in the first and second quarters of the year. I would like to close today by reiterating our commitment to strengthening our balance sheet, which will position us to generate greater shareholder returns. As Vicki shared at the start, we are pleased to announce that we successfully achieved our near-term debt reduction target by repaying $4.5 billion in 2024. We are continuing this momentum into 2025 and announced $1.2 billion in divestitures in the first quarter. Proceeds from these sales will be applied to 2025 maturities, and excess cash flow after common dividends will be available to further reduce our 2026 and beyond debt maturities. By reducing the amount of cash committed to interest payments today, we will place Occidental Petroleum Corporation in a stronger position to deliver an expanded return of capital program in the future. I will now turn the call back over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Sunil. As I shared at the start, 2024 was a pivotal year for Occidental Petroleum Corporation. We strengthened our portfolio, delivered on our near-term deleveraging commitments, and advanced our major growth projects. While we delivered exceptional financial and operational results, what excites me the most is the way our change propelled our business forward. With passion, industry leadership, and a continued focus on innovation and learning, and most importantly, a focus on safety underpinned it all. In 2024, our employees achieved the best year of safety performance ever in our history. That's across oil and gas, midstream, and OxyChem. The commitment of our people to safe and sustainable operations is embedded in Occidental Petroleum Corporation's core values and helps enable our long-term success. 2025 will be an exciting year for us. Our technical capabilities and portfolio of assets have never been better. The combination of our three business segments uniquely positions us to capitalize on shared learnings and operational synergies. Bringing Stratos online will be a testament to this and demonstrate the differentiated strategy and compelling value proposition that Occidental Petroleum Corporation brings to the table. With that, we will now open the call for questions. As Jordan mentioned, Richard Jackson and Ken Dillon are here with us today for the Q&A. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. To ask a question, you may press star and then one using a touch-tone telephone. If you are using a speakerphone, we do ask that you please pick up your handset prior to pressing the keys. If and two, we do also ask that you please limit yourselves to a primary question and one follow-up. If you do have further questions, you may reenter the question queue. Once again, that is by pressing star and one. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble the roster. Our first question today comes from
Arun Jayaram: from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Vicki Hollub: Good afternoon. I wanted to
Arun Jayaram: see if you could shed some light on the Gulf of Mexico outlook for 2025. You have, you know, perhaps maintenance in one queue and maybe help us think about how the quarterly trajectory could be in the Gulf and maybe some of the projects that are contributing a little bit of year-over-year growth. Twenty-five versus twenty-four.
Vicki Hollub: Ken, you wanna share our Gulf of America information.
Ken Dillon: Thanks, Arun. Yes. Gulf of Mexico. Gulf of America has a busy year ahead. As you know, we really want to carry out fabric maintenance by the extension and painting activities in good weather and away from hurricane season. So this quarter, we have two platforms going through turnarounds. When they come back on, that will add around sixteen thousand barrels a day. Our drilling activities this year involve six wells. This wedge should add between eighteen to twenty-two thousand barrels a day for the year. Our production engineering activities, including stimulation along with OBO, should add another four to seven thousand BOEs per day, and we will carry out a platform turnaround in Q4. So racking these up, including some decline, gets us to a range of one hundred and forty-one to one hundred and fifty thousand barrels a day for the year. Opportunistic work may move some things around a bit, but I hope this gives you a real feel for the year. Also, our equipment uptime is top tier, so record levels. And then in addition to these activities, we are also commencing our Gulf of America 2.0 project, which will add material quantities of low F and D cost barrels. A lot of the capital early this year is focused on Horn Mountain 2.0, and that includes the start of our water floods there, artificial lift projects, which include ESPs and gas lift. So, yes, a busy year ahead, but we've got great assets, and we've got a really great team there.
Arun Jayaram: Great. This is super helpful. Thanks for the detailed. You mentioned that you've announced, I think, in early February an extension to the echo Patrol JV in the Midland Basin. Can you just give us some of the basic terms of the agreement and just confirm that this is fully baked in your 2025 guide?
Vicki Hollub: Yeah. The terms are similar to what we had before. And this will be a project that's not huge, but it is an extension in the next year. And we'll drill about twenty-three wells or so. And I'm looking forward to continuing to work with Ecopetrol to get that done.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you. And our next question comes from Betty Jiang from
Betty Jiang: Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Vicki Hollub: Great. Thank you for taking my question. I want to ask
Betty Jiang: about start with the Rockies program in 2025, but also how you see that develop and evolving over the next few years. We did notice based on the presentation that the activity level is much lower both from the gross and net basis year on year, and CapEx is flattish. So just are there any nonproductive capital in there? Does that impact 2026 and beyond? And how should we be thinking about that program going forward? Thanks.
Richard Jackson: Yeah. Great. Thank you for the question. This is Richard. I'll walk through a few pieces of that. As you noted, part of it is walking through some of the adjustments, especially if you're thinking about production as we step down with the ethane rejection in the first quarter and then working through our announced divestitures. From an activity standpoint, the Rockies has got some embedded efficiency, I'd say, is the first place to start. We've across all of our assets, we've put in the highlights the improved not only drilling cost but drilling efficiency, and that's true for the Rockies as well. So they're close to a hundred million down looking at really just more efficiency across their drilling and completion activities. That is offset by infrastructure. And that infrastructure for us is an important development in the DJ Basin. This is moving to a larger, more contiguous development area that we talked about in the past called Bronco. And, you know, for us, that gives us about a hundred and forty locations at less than fifty dollar breakeven that we'll be able to prosecute over the next three years. And so while we're trading a bit of that efficiency for the investment and infrastructure in the story, plays out a bit in the Permian as well. We think that's, you know, really value-added spend for us this year. From an activity standpoint, the Rockies is the only other thing I'll note. Powder River Basin, you know, had some really strong well results. I think we highlighted those over the last couple of quarters in terms of the productivity of those wells. We're continuing to monitor those in the first quarter, and then we'll be set to resume activity in the Powder River Basin in the second half of this year into what we believe will be a very competitive program opportunity for us next year as we contemplate capital.
Betty Jiang: That's helpful. Thank you. My follow-up is on sort of the debt reduction. You guys have made really strong headways on the debt reduction in 2024 and latest in 1Q with the non-core asset sale. There's that fifteen billion dollar net debt target still out there. Do you still feel good about reaching that level by late 2026 or early 2027? Obviously, commodity price is a factor, but just wanted to get your sense on that trajectory to that number.
Vicki Hollub: We do still feel comfortable with that. I would say that probably it's gonna be more like the first part of 2027, but we feel comfortable with where we are and still have opportunities to supplement our cash flow from operations to help accomplish that. And our next question comes from Neil Dingmann from Truist
Neil Dingmann: Securities. Please go ahead with your question. Thanks for the time. First, my first question, Vicki, is just maybe around your 2025 guide, specifically you're talking about about a million four BOE per day production in around, what, the seven and a half million CapEx. I'm just wondering on the around those two, what type of service cost are you all assuming in there and, you know, how much operational efficiencies because you certainly have continued to see that, you know, both in your DJ and Permian. I'm just wondering if you expected more.
Vicki Hollub: We'll pass this to Richard since he gets seventy-five percent of the capital.
Richard Jackson: Sounds good. But I'll maybe share the answer with Ken a little bit as we talk about service costs. So let me start with the performance. You know, I had noted some of the Rockies improvements, but overall, last year was a very strong year from our drilling and completion teams. We delivered about a twelve percent improvement against 2023 in our drilling and completion cost. That was about half what we call scope and performance. So that's really operational efficiencies, well designs, continuing to improve on those. That was some of the benefit, especially in the Midland Basin that we saw with Crown Rock as we came together as one team. The other roughly half of that was the market or sort of the deflationary factors across our services. For 2025, we're looking at around a seven percent drilling completion cost improvement. Obviously, uncertainty a bit in terms of service costs and Ken can help address some of that. But we're really focused on continuing to deliver the performance component of that seven percent. And so, you know, can get more detail if we get into it, but really just efficiency across, you know, both our drilling and completion activities, lower NPT or non-productive time across those activities. A bit more improved pad design is leading to some better outcomes in terms of production for lower cost. And so those two things again roll into our seven percent for the year on D and C cost.
Neil Dingmann: Great details. And then just a second quick one to on M and A specifically. Vicki, I'd love to hear your thoughts if you know, you think most of the higher quality domestic assets have now transacted. And if so, you know, would that your thoughts around that? Would you now consider, you know, maybe boosting international M and A, or what?
Vicki Hollub: I think we'd like the international assets that we have today. We intentionally chose these assets. Algeria has incredible reservoirs, and we still have opportunities for not only expansion of the operations that we have today, but exploration as well. So Algeria's definitely in our future for growth. Also in Oman, we have opportunities with the continued development of oil. But we also had some gas opportunities in Oman that could turn out to be a really good thing for us. We're doing a little bit of exploration in Abu Dhabi, just to see how that will turn out. Those reservoirs there are very similar to what we developed in Oman, so it was we were the right fit. To take those blocks three and five there in Oman, and that's going well so far. So we will start with not only growth in our international projects over the next probably, probably three to five years, but also in the Gulf of America where the AI is not only gonna do things that I described in my script, but also we believe that we're gonna be able to unlock some of the complexities in the Gulf. And that will turn into not just having better success with exploration but better field development too, and could also help with some of the water flooding projects that Ken has planned. So we'd like where we have and we're just gonna work on growing the positions that we're already in internationally.
Paul Cheng: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from
Vicki Hollub: Scotiabank. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning. Vicki, did I get
Richard Jackson: it right that in one of I don't think it's yours. Maybe it's a new prepared remark that you expect the Permian oil cut is going to be higher in 2024 2025. And if that is correct, what would drive up the oil cut over there? That's the first question.
Richard Jackson: Hi, Paul. This is Richard. I'll take that one. Just a couple of things to think about when we talk about oil cut in the Permian, and then I'll get into a bit of the numbers. You know, first of all, it correlates very well with our unconventional growth. So whether it's year on year or quarter on quarter, you can see that oil cut will track that. The other thing that's happened over the last year is really Crownrock coming in. And so, Midland Basin obviously has a bit different oil cut than the Delaware, and so that mix participates. The other factor I'd like to talk about in the Permian is just our secondary benches, and that's been more prevalent in our Delaware position where we've seen an increase with our secondary benches as a mix of our overall program, which as we talked about, delivers better value even with a bit lower. So, you know, as you watch us sort of quarter on quarter, year on year, those are generally the variables that drive it. Now to address your question, yes, we are seeing better oil cut even as we go fourth quarter in the first quarter. And then total year twenty-five were improving almost a percent as we look at full year versus twenty-five. So again, that's growth that's really tracking our production in our unconventional business in the US, Permian development.
Paul Cheng: And which one? Just to
Sunil Mathew: sorry. Just to clarify, what I'd mentioned in my prepared remarks was the growth from Permian, which Richard just outlined, along with the growth in Gulf of America, which Ken went through the details. So we said the total company oil cut is gonna increase to fifty-two percent in 2025. Just wanted to clarify on that point.
Paul Cheng: Yes. Thank you, Sunil. Rich, what percent of your 2025 program in the Permian is on the secondary branches versus the 2024? And you're saying that the per the secondary branches is better. So can you give us a what is the oil cut in those secondary benches? Thank you.
Richard Jackson: Yeah. Yes. Perfect. For this year, total one thing to think about. Total Permian unconventional development, we talk about primary benches. Are actually up year on year, and that's because of our Crown Rock development and our very derisked and provide a lot of primary benches. In the Delaware, this year, we're up about thirty percent in terms of secondary benches as a percentage of our total program versus last year was around twenty-five percent. And what I you know, one of the details we provided in prior calls or talked about is when we say better, those secondary benches are flowing into existing facilities. And so from a total cost per barrel for the year, you're coming out much more advantage. You can double or even triple your return when you're looking at a development program with that sort of benefit coming from facilities. So I talked about, you know, this year as we make these investments into these new areas and the one hundred and forty wells in the Rockies that we're adding with that infrastructure investment. We'll see that same play out on total returns for the life of the program.
Roger Read: Our next question comes from Roger Read
Vicki Hollub: from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Roger Read: Yeah. Thanks. Good more or
Vicki Hollub: good afternoon. What am I talking about here?
Roger Read: Maybe just to quickly come back to
Vicki Hollub: the question on drilling and completion efficiencies on I guess, slide thirteen, the spelled out the well cost declines this year seven percent, and then there is expect to save one million per well across remaining program. What is the I'm assuming the million's strung out over a longer period of time, but I just wanted to get little clarity on maybe two different lines of banking.
Richard Jackson: Yeah. Hi. Hi, Roger. Good afternoon. That one million dollars was specific to our Midland Basin activity, and that was exciting to us because that was really a benefit coming out of the joint Crown Rock or Oxi Rock team with our legacy Midland Basin team. And so that one million dollars was really, you know, delivered in the fourth quarter. We looked at our fourth quarter drilling completion costs it was one million dollars better than our total year 2024. We expect that to continue now into 2025. And so, you know, quite a few really strong things that were identified from well designed into operational sequencing that came out of that exercise. So, you know, we talk about the benefits and, you know, cash flow delivery from our Oxy Rock assets and team, but it's also helping our overall Midland team as well.
Roger Read: Okay. Gotcha. So just sort of built in, doesn't
Richard Jackson: things we see and we'll see, but not a not a separate goal going forward.
Roger Read: No. The Disgusting. Correct.
Roger Read: And then to change pace just a little bit here with
Vicki Hollub: the Stratus startup, given you know, this is a very I wanna say, brand new technology, but it's a brand new at scale, you know, commercial system. What are the
Roger Read: main
Vicki Hollub: I don't know if you wanna call them, you know, hurdles or milestones or whatever we should be watching as you turn this thing on, ramp it up, commission it, this year. Understand not to build any real profitability in, but what are you looking at as key challenges that will make you feel more comfortable as you go through the commissioning process?
Ken Dillon: Hi there. It's Ken. Just to go through where we are and then talk through the next step. So I think we're all really excited here. Stratos phase one is at ninety-four percent complete overall and ninety-eight percent complete on construction. Last piping spills are being hydro tested, instrumentation and electric equipment checks are ongoing. So getting very close. And as Vicki said, Worley has done incredibly well on the project. In terms of so once we've got the mechanical completion for the process area and the count signer, we're then moving into the startup phase. In terms of startup, the OxyChem teams who have been handling these chemicals for decades are preparing the subsystems and the process systems. And essentially, the sequence is as follows. We'll start pumping water around the system and start running the fans. We've already had a fan running, which was a really good day at site. Then we'll start injecting water into one bay, and then mixing potassium hydroxide and the lime. And then we'll start making pellets. Once we start making the pellets, we filter those pellets, we dry them, and then we start moving them through the mechanical handling systems to the cal signer. Start up the account signer and then start capturing CO2, which is a really big day at site. It'll be very small volumes. As we do all of our projects, we're looking for opportunities to reduce operating expense. We're looking for opportunities to increase capacity. And so we wanna be really thoughtful over the next six months to try to learn as much as we can because the goal is really, you know, maximizing both of those outcomes over the next several years. So, you know, just wanted to make that tie when you think about the rest of the year for us.
Roger Read: I appreciate that. It'd be exciting to watch. Thanks.
Neil Mehta: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question. K. Yeah. Thanks for all the great information. Just a couple of midstream questions. Just love your perspective on the key drivers of that business looking at the guide here for twenty-five. One looks a little bit weaker, and then I guess it builds through the year as closer to breakeven. So just your perspective on the variables that are going into that and then I have a follow-up on this.
Sunil Mathew: Yeah, Neil. So if you look at guidance for 2025 compared to 2024, there are multiple moving pieces. So firstly, on the crude marketing side, you know, we're gonna get a lower transportation cost. Like I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there are two transportation contracts that are expiring this year. Between those one is in Q1, the other one is in Q3. So this year, we're gonna get a benefit of around $200 million. Next year, it's gonna be $400 million. But some of that is partially offset by the annual FERC escalation of around three percent. So that's on the crude marketing side. And on the gas marketing side, with the additional takeaway capacity now coming online from Permian, assuming lower differentials between Permian and Gulf Coast. Then on the Alosin side, we are seeing higher sulfur price, which again should be an improvement compared to last year. And then on West, you know, we sold nineteen point five million units last year. So that is going to impact our income. So we'll have lower distribution and lower income compared to last year. And the last thing on LCB, you know, which I just talked about, the startup and the ramp-up in Stratus, so which will also have a small negative impact on the income compared to last year. But what I would say is our midstream team is, you know, overall very well positioned to capture value when the market does present itself. And, again, last year, they demonstrated by beating the total guidance by around six million dollars.
Neil Mehta: Yeah. Really good numbers, Neil. Thank you. And that as a follow-up is just the framework around West monetization, recognizing there are a lot of moving pieces, but how are you thinking about the pluses and minuses of that as we think about deleveraging targets and how should we think about the tax component that goes into that equation as well?
Vicki Hollub: Well, to for us, we continually
Neil Mehta: look at opportunities and evaluate the opportunities, and
Vicki Hollub: it all comes down to the value proposition. And so you're right that the tax impact would be a part of that value proposition when we're looking at selling and investing in things that provide significant cash flow as West does. So that would have to be a part of what we consider. Our next question comes from
Doug Leggett: Doug Leggett from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question. Hi. This is John Abbott on for Doug Leggett. Thank you for taking our questions.
John Abbott: Our first question is on the Gulf of America.
Doug Leggett: I mean, you spoke about 2025. Can you talk about visibility
Ken Dillon: beyond 2025 and how you see sustainable production?
Ken Dillon: Sure. It's Ken here. I think we intend to, you know, have a goal of staying flat long-term. If you look at the projects that we're working on at the moment, yes, we have the primary development drilling programs. We also have exploration. So this year, involved in two exploration wells. One basically underneath one of our facilities, which has two targets, myosin and the Wilcox target. And then the next wave is the EOR and Gulf of Mexico. Gulf of America 2.0. Project, which, you know, the water floods carried very low F and D, very low decline, very long-term. So again, each of these projects has accreted to lower costs long-term developments. And they're not really pattern water floods. They're basically pressure maintenance projects. So it's not huge drilling overheads on these existing facilities. We have unconventional opportunities. We have fracking opportunities. So the scale of the opportunity in Gong is, you know, hundreds of millions of barrels we see potentially there. And I've mapped out all of these Gulf of America 2.0 projects. We're just working our way through them. So hopefully, that covers your question.
Vicki Hollub: I have to say that I share Ken's enthusiasm about the Gulf of America. It's really gonna be for us in the out years, three to five years, gonna be an important part of our growth story.
John Abbott: Appreciate it. And then the next question that we have was on your DUR business. You no longer break out your production in your
Doug Leggett: Financials?
John Abbott: Could you provide an update where production stands and
Doug Leggett: is still around a hundred and forty thousand barrels per day, which was your run rate a couple of years ago.
Sunil Mathew: Yeah. Thanks for the question for enhanced oil recovery. We remain excited about that business too as we look into the future. From a production level, it's similar. We've had some slight decline over the last really, three years. I think you can see from our capital investment, it's been a bit lower the last several years. But what that business has delivered is really great efficiency on cost. So when we talk about a lot of our operating expense reductions, they have led the way. They're leveraged more to OPEX than they are capital, and so they can really help deliver good cash margin to our business or improving cash margin to our business with those improvements. In the future, you know, this is part of our strategy with, you know, CO2 and carbon capture. And so as we get the ability to have lower-cost CO2, we're excited about, you know, what that business can become very low, similar to what Ken talked about in the Gulf of America, very low F and D cost barrels at very low decline. And so when we bring that production on, it's gonna provide nice cash flow attributes to complement the rest of our business.
Leo Mariani: And our next question comes from Leo Mariani from Roth. Please go ahead with your question. I wanted to ask just a general question around the low core ventures business here. Obviously, we've had a significant change in the administration, you know, here in the US, just wanted to kinda get a sense if y'all are thinking about that business, you know, differently over the next four years as you kind of proceed to prosecute things, sir?
Vicki Hollub: Not really. I mean, we are aware of the situation, and, certainly, there's more uncertainty around CIRA and the infrastructure bill. But the way we view this is that CO2 is going to be much needed for the US. The reality is that for our extended energy independence, you know, the Shell revolution was an amazing thing that happened here in the United States. We believe the next round of technology that's going to add significant barrels, fifty to seventy billion barrels of reserves will be production that comes from the use of CO2 in enhanced oil recovery. So forty-five Q is important for the development of the technology to get the CO2. There's not enough organic CO2 in the country to be able to flood all the things that we're gonna need to flood to get that fifty to seventy billion barrels. And that fifty to seventy billion barrels would extend our energy independence by more than ten years. It's critically important. And so taking CO2 out of the atmosphere is a technology that needs to work for the United States. And President Trump knows this, the business case for this. I've had several conversations with him. People around him understand the needs for at least some initial subsidies to help advance this technology just as you know, there hasn't been really many transformational technologies that have been developed that didn't have some sort of assistance at the beginning of it. And so we know that we have the capability to get the cost down on these direct air capture facilities. We've been so impressed with the combination of the Occidental Petroleum Corporation and carbon engineering team, the innovation that they're developing so quickly is very, very helpful. But to get to where we need to be, we really need to have forty-five Q. And so we've been talking with members of Congress and senators and we've met with many of the new cabinet members. We're getting the story out that the next technology that must work and is very much needed is direct air capture to get the CO2 for these reservoirs. So we were optimistic that everyone we get around to everybody, we'll understand the business case for this. But even if the business case is not completely what we expect, from the government, I do believe that we have the capability to get this down faster than we originally thought we would. And so that's where we're headed with it. It hasn't changed our strategy in terms of what we're doing with Stratos and the King Ranch DACH facility.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, this will conclude today's question and answer session. I would now like to turn the conference call back over to Vicki for any closing remarks.
Vicki Hollub: I'd just like to say thank you all for your questions and for joining our call. And hope you have a great rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. We do thank you for attending today's session. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-13 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Occidental's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jordan Tanner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jordan Tanner: Thank you, Drew. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Sunil Mathew, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Richard Jackson, President, Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management; and Ken Dillon, Senior Vice President and President, International Oil and Gas Operations. This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. We'll also reference a few non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in the schedules to our earnings release and on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jordan, and good afternoon, everyone. Our teams delivered another quarter of exceptional performance across all of our business segments. Despite weather disruptions and commodity price volatility, resilient operational execution from our teams helped to deliver the highest operating cash flow so far this year. Our strong financial results are a testament to the dedication and capabilities of our teams as well as the premium quality of our assets. I'll begin today by reviewing our third quarter performance and providing highlights from our Oil & Gas business, including the ongoing integration of CrownRock. I'll also give an update on our direct air capture projects and then share the progress on our near-term debt reduction program. Sunil will cover our financial results and fourth quarter outlook, including the increases and full year guidance for each of our segments, and we'll provide insight on how we're looking at our 2025 capital plans. In the third quarter, our team's commitment and delivery across each of our business units enabled us to generate $1.5 billion of free cash flow before working capital, exceeding guidance in all three segments. Our Oil & Gas segment exceeded the high-end of our production guidance and set a new company record for the highest quarterly U.S. production in our history. This was an outstanding achievement maybe even more impressive considering there were three hurricanes that impacted our operations across the Gulf of Mexico. This production outperformance was primarily driven by strong new well performance and higher uptime throughout the Permian Basin. Our Midland Basin teams excelled, surpassing production guidance in our recently acquired CrownRock assets and delivering the highest quarterly production in over five years across our legacy Midland Basin assets. Optimum geologic targeting drove drilled well performance supplemented by non-recurring OBO benefits. The Delaware Basin continues to perform at an industry leading level with our New Mexico performance being instrumental in our third quarter results. Most notably, a sixth well Wolfcamp development project in our tanks field in New Mexico produced an impressive 1.2 million barrels of oil in the first 90 days. In previous earnings calls, we highlighted that Oxy had eight of the top 10 industry wells in the entire Delaware Basin from a six month cumulative production standpoint. Today, I'm proud to announce that our Rockies team now claims eight of the top 10 DJ Basin wells drilled since 2019, several of which came online in 2024. Such remarkable industry achievements are only possible, because our teams relentlessly pursue innovation and excellence. Not only is our onshore development exceeding expectations on well productivity, we're also executing in a more efficient manner. For example, every new well drilled in the third quarter New Mexico development program is utilizing existing infrastructure. As discussed in the past, this significantly enhances project returns and in many cases enables secondary bench developments to deliver stronger returns than our primary benches. We continue to advance our drilling efficiency as evidenced by 10% improvement in Permian unconventional drilling cycle times relative to last year. In the DJ Basin, we successfully drilled a two mile lateral at only 80 hours, and our teams reduced third quarter well cost by 20% compared to the first half of last year. More than just reducing well cost, these improvements also accelerate time to market, allowing us to turn capital dollars into production faster. Our teams continue to make well design and execution improvements with exceptional results. We expect to carry this momentum into 2025. Another factor in our success along with continued well performance leadership and capital efficiency and progression is our team's persistent focus on driving down lease operating expenses across our assets, which ultimately enhances our cash margins. Over the last year, we have mainly reduced our domestic operating expenses on a per well basis. Looking to the fourth quarter. We anticipate continued progress will result in a greater than 20% year-over-year reduction in quarterly BOE for barrel. These steady improvements are driven by several factors including increased uptime, improved CO2 utilization and more recently the integration of low-cost high margin CrownRock barrels into our portfolio. Our teams continue to deliver their operational and technical strengths to drive margin expansion for both sides, reducing costs while constructing industry leading wells. Turning to our Chemicals and Midstream businesses. Occidental outperformed in the third quarter, modestly exceeding guidance while overcoming disrupted Gulf weather. And our midstream segment also had another impressive quarter with our marketing teams once again leveraging natural gas price facilities locations between baha and the Gulf Coast to deliver value to the company. Our demonstrated leadership and midstream expertise allowed us to optimize transport strategies, effectively bringing both our products and third-party volumes to market even in the first position. I'd like to now share more on the successful addition of CrownRock to our Oxy portfolio since the acquisition closed in early August. We're thoroughly pleased with the integration of assets and more importantly people. We've been highly impressed with the legacy CrownRock culture as well as the stewardship exhibited in running day-to-day operations in a safe profitable manner. Our focus these first months has been centered on safety, organizational integration and retention of talent and has gone very well. There has been no significant safety incidents dating as far back as the December deal announcement and that's a testament to the CrownRock team's proficiency and professionalism. The combined teams are now sharing best practices and identifying opportunities to enhance field operations through our combined middle basin position as well as constructing our 2025 development plan. As Sunil will cover later, we envision a consistent level of investment in this premier Permian asset next year. I want to highlight a few areas, where our teams are identifying opportunities for operational improvements and cost efficiencies. The first one I'll mention is leveraging Oxy's supply chain expertise to reduce cost of materials construction. We're also evaluating opportunities to leverage our broader Permian frac force and overall resources to accelerate time to market and increase utilization rate. We've spoken in the past about the ample water capacity and network associated with these new assets, and how well they fit with our existing water assets and how they can benefit our legacy business. Recently, we've identified nearly $10 million in expected savings for our singular development plan in the first quarter of 2025 made possible by water integration across assets. We think this opportunity is just the first of many as we leverage shared infrastructure across our combined position. We also see opportunities to enhance the base production through improved operability and artificial lift design. Already, we are seeing incremental base production improvements into CrownRock assets. Because of this and stronger than anticipated new well performance, our third quarter production volumes exceeded the expectations that we laid out in August. We're now projecting a 9,000 BOE per day increase to our fourth quarter exit range for these assets. We're still in the early stages of integration, but are very excited about the opportunities ahead. By bringing our teams together, we expect to unlock new value and achieve greater success. Turning now to our low-carbon businesses. I'd like to provide an update on our direct air capture projects. Construction of STRATOS, which will be the largest direct air capture facility in the world is progressing smoothly and to plan. As we have previously shared, we have saved the construction sequence of STRATOS to help integrate the latest advancements, research and development efforts. We've been thoroughly impressed with the infusion of talent, passion and performance coming from the Carbon Engineering team over last year, driving an innovation cycle that's moving even faster than we anticipated. Collaboration within our technical teams across Oxy paired with this site with the CE Innovation Center have given rise to incredible technological breakthroughs in engineering design innovation, which we will integrate into continued build-out STRATOS. The new design will feature, fewer air contactors and fewer pellet reactors, which should reduce operating expenses and increase the liability. We expect to bring the initial 250,000 tons per annum load capacity online in mid-2025, with the additional 256,000 tons to phase in during the next year incorporating those improvements. This disciplined approach not only generates value to STRATOS, but will benefit and de-risk future DAC builds. We're also advancing our South Texas DAC project and recently achieved a significant milestone with the U.S. Department of Energy awarding this project up to $500 million for the additional DAC facility at the site. This grant could potentially increase by $150 million from the development of the -- an expanded regional carbon network in South Texas. The award is momentous in furthering commercial scale of DAC in the United States and validates our ability to accelerate the vital quantum technology. A combination of factors will drive our continued progress in this market and technology and you're seeing them work together now in time. First, our innovative technical teams and continued investment in R&D are enhancing real world projects. Second, we are leveraging project and operational learning from STRATOS and applying them to enhance future designs. Third, government support and third-party capital are serving as catalysts to accelerate investment in developing DAC technology at climate relevant scale, while also solidifying our leading position in the emerging markets. We're excited about the progress made to date in constructing STRATOS, improving the DAC technology, driving demand in the voluntary and compliance carbon credit markets. Through the development of STRATOS, obviously taking a leading role to demonstrate to the developing compliance markets that DAC plus geologic storage is a large scale, highly durable and economic tool for growth approach to climate change. We believe we can help [R2O] made industries like aviation and maritime meet their net-zero goals with DAC, which can also serve as complementary solutions with, along with sustainable aviation and carbon fuels. Equally as important, CO2 from our DAC can also enable us to produce net-zero oil for our EOR operations, providing resources that U.S. needs for energy security and energy the world will continue to need for decades. We also recognize that we are in a pivotal moment for power and utilities in our country, especially with the proliferation of data centers and AI increasing the need for reliable low-cost, low-emissions power. Over the coming decades, we believe Oxy will be equally positioned to contribute to its growing sectors for our equity investments in net power and our ability to provide solutions at scale to meet the increased demand for our carbon dioxide renewable credits for large scale data centers and power journey. Finally, I want to share with you some of the recent progress we've made in debt reduction. In December, we made a commitment to repaying over $4.5 billion of debt in the 12-months of closing the CrownRock acquisition. Progress in our divestiture program including the closing of Barilla Draw, the sale of a portion of our WES Holdings in the third quarter combined with our continuing strong organic cash flow has put us well ahead schedule. In fact, during the third quarter, we repaid $4 billion which is nearly 90% of our near-term commitment and that's within just 3-months of the CrownRock closing. We remain fully committed to achieving our medium-term principal debt target of $15 billion. I'll now hand the call over to Sunil to provide more details about our third quarter financial results, guidance and capital plan.
Sunil Mathew: Thank you, Vicki. In the third quarter, we generated an adjusted profit of $1 per diluted share and a reported profit of $0.98 per diluted share. The difference between adjusted and reported profit was primarily driven by a loss from the sale of [indiscernible] down operated U.S. onshore acreage, largely offset by a gain on the sale of common units, representing limited partner interest in Western Midstream Partners. As a result of strong operational performance across all business segments, in the third quarter, we generated $1.5 billion of free cash flow before working capital, and we finished the quarter with $1.8 billion of unrestricted cash. The strong free cash flow this quarter reflects our team's ability to translate high-quality assets into impressive financial results despite adverse weather conditions and commodity price volatility. As Vicki mentioned, the success in the third quarter can largely be attributed to new well and base production outperformance, the Permian Basin inclusive of our newly acquired CrownRock assets. While the majority of the outperformance was associated with company's traded activities, the Permian saw a 6,000 BOE per day uplift associated with non-recurring outside operated volumes due to prior period adjustment. In the Gulf of Mexico, production came in below our third quarter guidance range, largely due to unplanned downtime from hurricane related activity and well go forwards. Despite these impacts, our domestic lease operating expenses at $8.68 on a per barrel basis, notably outperformed third quarter guidance and are the lowest since the first quarter of 2022. This demonstrates our operational strength and focus on delivering higher margin barrels over time as illustrated on Slide 8. In the Midstream & Marketing segment, we continue to capture value through optimizing our cash marketing positions out of the Permian Basin. This was a significant catalyst in the segment generating positive earnings on an adjusted basis, approximately $145 million above the midpoint of guidance. As Vicki highlighted, we are raising our full year guidance for each of our business segments as a result of third quarter outperformance and improved expectations in the fourth quarter. In Oil & Gas, we are raising our fourth quarter total company production guidance from last quarter's implied guidance to a midpoint of 1.45 million BOE per day, driven by sustained well performance and operational momentum, coupled with an improved outlook in the Permian. Supporting this, we have increased our full year production guidance for the Permian, based on our performance from both our legacy unconventional business and the CrownRock assets. This rate includes an additional 12,000 BOE per day in the fourth quarter, 9,000 of which are coming from our CrownRock assets. We are excited to build on the year-to-date success across our domestic portfolio and expect these positive production trends in the Permian should more than offset the fourth quarter production impact related to the Gulf of Mexico's ongoing well work overs and disruption from hurricane curtailment. Even with an active hurricane season, our OxyChem team was able to overcome the weather disruption and outperform third quarter guidance with pre-tax income of $304 million. Fourth quarter guidance reflects an expected update in caustic soda pricing due to European supply disruptions and represents an increase to full year guidance for the segment, despite seasonal declines in volumes for both [BDC] and [indiscernible]. We are also raising full year guidance for our midstream and marketing segment as a result of the strong third quarter performance. Our guidance assumes that our marketing teams will capture some natural gas, transportation optimization benefits in the fourth quarter, though to a lesser extent than the prior two quarters, as Permian gas takeaway constraints. Additionally, our guidance has been adjusted to account for offsea's current ownership in WES, after a sale of a portion of our [LPLs] during the third quarter. Capital spent net of non-controlling interest in third quarter of approximately $1.6 million was in line with our expectations and we remain within our previously guided range for 2024 capital. In closing, I want to share an update on how we are approaching our capital program for next year. 2025 will be a pivotal year for our low-carbon ventures and OxyChem businesses as we advance construction of two major projects that are expected to generate cash flow growth and enhance long-term shareholder value. As Vicki shared, we are well underway with the construction of STRATOS, our first of its kind DAC business. We expect our 2025 go carbon ventures capital budget, net of non-controlling interest contributions, to be approximately $450 million. This represents a $150 million decrease from our 2024 guidance of $600 million. Our OxyChem tile ground expansion and modernization is also progressing well, and is expected to reach peak construction activity next year. We anticipate our chemicals capital budget to be approximately $900 million in 2025, an increase of $200 million from this year due to the increase in project activity. The expansion remains on track for completion in mid-2026. In our Oil & Gas business, we anticipate activity levels to be broadly similar to Brazil. Across our CrownRock acreage, we plan to maintain a five day program as assets have benefited from stable activity levels in the last few years. Next year's development program will feature targeted adjustments to well spacing along with accelerated production delivery through time to market improvements. Overall, we expect single production growth in the mid-single-digits from these assets. Considering the recent commodity price volatility, we are evaluating multiple 2025 activity scenarios across the rest of our U.S. Marshalls portfolio. As a result of our higher proportion of short cycled U.S. onshore activity, we retain considerable capital flexibility within these assets. We look forward to sharing our BPA plan next quarterly earnings call. As Vicki emphasized in our update on our debt reduction progress, we remain dedicated to our core financial priorities. We believe the early success of our deleveraging program leaves us in a great position heading into 2025. We have no remaining 2024 debt maturities and our current unrestricted cash balance is sufficient to cover the remaining $1.5 billion of 2025 debt maturities, the majority of which are not due under the second half of the year. We are comfortable with our debt maturity profile and capital investments we pursue in 2025 will be strategically guided by a commitment to further deleveraging and strengthening our financial position. I'll now turn the call back over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Sunil. Before moving to the Q&A, I'd like to close by recognizing the exceptional performance of our team, delivering value through operational excellence, world-class execution and through driving down costs in a safe and reliable manner. We continue to demonstrate industry-leading performance across our U.S. onshore assets, setting new records for our operations and well performance. Now with the integration of the CrownRock assets, bolstering our Permian footprint, our combined teams are enthusiastically unlocking operational efficiencies to enhance our margins. Our diversified portfolio across oil and gas, midstream and chemicals continues to deliver strong returns. And I'm proud of the achievements we've made across our low-carbon businesses. I see a demonstrated leadership and proven capability in carbon management through our EOR operations and we are making great progress delivering our strategy project pioneering DAC at scale. With that, we'll now open the call for questions. And as Jordan mentioned Richard Jackson and Ken Dillon are with us today for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Vicki, I hope you can hear me okay. The line is a little choppy today, but hopefully, you can understand my question. The operational performance is quite extraordinary and I think you never really laid out synergies with CrownRock. Obviously, they seem to be showing up. But I guess my question is, there seems to be a nervousness certainly in the market around the commodity outlook and you guys, I guess, have some big decisions as Sunil laid out whether you accept the growth or whether you slow down the program, which obviously has got capital implications. So I'm wondering, first of all, if you could, I know you don't want to give us numbers today, but just give us your thoughts on the macro in a world that clearly does not need any more oil. That's my first question. My follow-up, if I may, is on disposals. You obviously have a lot of options and you also have laid out this $1.35 billion of chemicals and low-carbon spend next year. So I guess my question is, we're trying to understand what the deleveraging capacity of the portfolio is you own NET Power, 48%, you obviously own WES and you've got the roll off, I assume, of that capital after 2025. So just give us your thoughts on what the pace of deleveraging could look like and what the options are to achieve that, as we go into perhaps a softer commodity backdrop?
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Doug. I'll begin with the macro. We, meaning our leadership team, we review the macro on a weekly basis. We look at all the fundamentals like the activity levels, supply and demand numbers, inventory, external factors anything that could impact prices and impact our operations we look at. And so, we too see the downside of risk to prices in 2025. And it's hard to predict prices though. I would say that, over the past few years very few people have accurately predicted prices in this incredibly volatile situation that we have today, where there's more volatility in oil prices than I think I've ever seen. But we do believe that '26 will be better than 25. It's because much of the surplus in the market today has come from growth in the U.S., Guyana, Brazil and Canada. But there's declining growth rates we believe between the U.S. and Brazil. And if you take that along with a couple of other non-OPEC countries that are helping to mitigate the current excess the decline in production then at least just the wildcards right now are Iran and Russia. With that being said, we believe, it's very prudent for us to be prepared for that situation to be very much leaning forward and not caught on flat footed or on our heels like what's happened to us in past decades. So what we've done is, our current thought is to recommend to our Board the plan that Sunil described in which we feel is conservative. What that is doing is keeping activity levels in the CrownRock area as they are today. And then lowering slightly the capital in some of the other oil and gas areas. So we wouldn't be growing the rest of the oil and gas portfolio. CrownRock will grow as a result of just maintaining those -- that rig activity and trying to maintain those efficiencies, because it's always easier to ramp down than it is to ramp up. But I can assure you that, our teams have prepared plans and next steps for multiple price scenarios along with the tech, the plan of when to pull the trigger, how to pull the trigger, how to execute a decrease in activity to be needed. I will say that should prices go up, which we don't exactly expect, we would not increase our capital beyond what we're talking about right now. We would only trigger some reaction, if prices look like they're going down and that trend is strongly downward. So, with that, they have the opportunities. We have the opportunities to make changes. And as you saw what we did during the pandemic, we reacted quickly and strongly to that situation. So we have the same kind of results we do that now. But I would say, there's no better time to allocate capital to our -- business than now as we're doing at CrownRock. That project is finished in 2026 and will provide $325 million of additional cash flow. And it's kind of like this that we feel like with this high volatility in oil prices that our OxyChem and our gas projects in the Middle East along with our production sharing contracts. Those, I guess, they're not as appreciated in other channels as they are now looking through having that steady cash flow through the cycles. So that's where we are with the macro. That's where we are with what we're thinking about capital spend. And again, we have the capability to ramp down and methodical approach to first working what our cost structure would be. So we've got details on that. With respect to the synergies, in CrownRock, those synergies have been pretty strong that we're starting to see now. So we will -- I'll let Richard take a stab at that. But before he does, I just want to get to your deleveraging question. As you mentioned, we have lots of opportunities. We have one of the largest portfolios in the Permian as any company. We also have the other things that you mentioned. We have some things that we are marketing now. As we go into the future, we have lots of levers to pull. And we'll -- we always have everything on the table. We look at everything, and depending on what the macro is, I can assure you that, we have a plan for any kind of scenario and the opportunity to execute on just --.
Richard Jackson: Doug, this is Richard. Yes, I'd be glad to talk through some of the most recent updates on our CrownRock integration. I know that we've gotten several questions on that, so I appreciate you bringing that up. Obviously, going really well from the start of close and really that's a means a lot from the team that's been operating it over the last year. So they really brought in some strong operational performance that led to the beat in the Q3 and the Q4. So very appreciative of that. But really been able to, as Vicki said, the teams dive into some of the potential synergies. And a few just to highlight, as you know, we always start with our sub-surface and we -- as we look into next year, we think we have a very strong program for those five rigs, focused on some of the horizons that we well understand, but we are moving to some de-spacing. And so, I think we'll be able to talk about that more as we get to the next call, but looking to de-space and improve our recovery per dollar spent. Supply chain is another area we've been very focused because they've helped bring a lot to the table. But looking with this more balanced operational portfolio between the Delaware and the Midland Basin, we're seeing some opportunities. And so one of the examples that they've highlighted is really our frac ore utilization as we're able to take advantage of what we call white space, the time between sort of being complete with the well ready for frac until mobilizing that unit to frac the well. They're targeting quite a bit of improvement next year, north of 20% improvement in that white space. So what that does is, you're carrying a normal sort of DUC level due to operations that may go from something like 22 DUCs at any one-time down to 15 and that adds barrels on the year for really no cost. So, pleased with that. The water example that Vicki talked about, that's a South Curtis Ranch development that we're able to use the nearby Nail Ranch facility that CrownRock had for water. And so, that's $10 million that they're able to deliver there. And then, the final thing I would say is, we're just now really getting into these, what we call, best of the best workshops. And so, it's not just what Oxy brings, it's certainly valuing what the Oxy Rock team brings now to our overall operations. So the Midland Basin team as they look at next year, they're out looking better than 10% cost improvement across the Midland Basin operations due to these kind of best of the best synergies between the teams. So we think that's pretty meaningful and outpacing certainly what we'd be able to do alone.
Operator: The next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. One thing we noticed in the results last night, it was a discussion on the sell side call, was the oil mix in the Permian here. And I know there has been a lot of moving parts, right? CrownRock comes in, some things go out. But, as you think about the go forward drilling program, what is the right way for us to think about that? Q3 a bit of a kind of a blip to the downside and then back up where you were or are we seeing a, I don't know if the right term is structural change, but maybe a change in the resource base that you have there?
Vicki Hollub: Hi, Roger. You cut out over the last couple of sentences. Sorry about that. Would you mind repeating it?
Roger Read: Yes. Sorry about that. I just said last night with the results and then on the sell side call, there were discussions and questions about the percentage of oil produced out of the Permian. And I was just trying to understand, we had a lot of moving parts this quarter with the addition of CrownRock and then some assets sold as well. And as you look at the go forward, how should we think about that oil mix? It was kind of 58%, 59% this quarter 55%. Just, it's not a huge difference, but we're all watching those small changes and trying to figure out what they mean.
Vicki Hollub: Can you take that, Richard?
Richard Jackson: Yes. Hey, Roger, I'll try to help that a little bit. I think, to start the question, I think moving forward, we're going to try to do what we can to help guide to that and help you understand what that means. A couple of things I would point to, one is increased secondary benches, especially in the Delaware. We moved year-on-year 2023 to '24, I think we went from about 20% secondary benches to 40%. But like Vicki mentioned in our script and we highlighted in the slides, that's adding a lot of value for us, even though there are a little more NGLs associated with that, the value being able to take those 2 existing facilities is quite accretive on a return basis. And so we're doing more of that blend between our primary and secondary benches, taking advantage of that existing infrastructure. So from a go forward, one, we'll try to help. But two, I think what you're seeing in the second half sort of leveling off, and you can see it in the third quarter and fourth quarter implied percentage on that. So hopefully, that helps, and we'll do what we can to show that. Probably the one other point I want to mention on that, we did, from a pure volume basis on oil, I just wanted to reiterate the strong performance of the team that was a beat on oil. So that's a plus 5% from the Permian on overall oil volume. So I understand the percentages but also want to give kudos to the team in terms of the delivery on that.
Roger Read: Yes. And I didn't mean to imply a bad total production. It was more just trying to understand the moving components in there. The other question I have, and I think this kind of has been addressed. But in terms of the goals on debt reduction now -- and let's leave aside what the oil price is going to be because obviously, that will change what CapEx and all that is. But if we just sort of took the forward curve, and we think where you're going to be in 12 to 18 months, how do you see the balance sheet? Like what would be defined as success from your standpoint?
Vicki Hollub: We think we've already had some significant success over the $4 billion, but we do believe that even in a lower price environment, we're going to have some cash flow. We're still going to have some [degustitures]. We'll still make progress in 2025 regardless of where prices will be. And that's our target. Our target is to continue our debt reduction through the year, regardless of what it takes to do that.
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Vicki, I had a macro question for you. I just -- I think you've talked a lot about how over the next couple of years, you expect shale to get more mature and while maybe not decline, but resource kind of tapers out and we're going to need to then pull on exploration. But one of the things that's emerged from this earnings season is very consistent beats productivity and oil volumes, not just from you guys but from the industry broadly and I just love your perspective, has that evolved the way that you're thinking about the macro, the continued resiliency of supply in the face of a declining U.S. rig count, our macro perspective would be great?
Vicki Hollub: I do believe that we're going to continue to increase efficiency in the Permian Basin. And I think the Permian is a basin that will continue to deliver where we'll see volumes declining and ultimately achieving a plateau for the Permian with -- for the U.S. within the next 3 to 5 years will be because of declines from the other basins. These secondary benches that we have second and third and fourth benches that we can develop in the Permian in the Delaware and the Midland Basin. Those will continue to contribute to growth for the Permian since the growth from the Permian, that's going to offset the decline from the other basis in the near-term and ultimately help us to achieve, I think, a larger, higher peak than where we are today, that's when we'll start to plateau in the peak. So that would be, in our view, three to five years out because as you said, we're still continuing to get more out of those reservoirs. And there's a lot of productivity still remaining, a lot of wells still to be completed. And as long as we're seeing that increase, I think that, it's going to continue. I expect though in the near-term with weaker prices that what we used to think as a peak in say in three years, moves further out because with weaker prices I think there's going to be less growth in the Permian, in 2026 than what we saw or in 2025 than what we've seen in 2026. So it's going to push that peak a little further out. But still productivity in the Permian, as you have mentioned and indicated. It's certainly going to continue to increase. It's the basements that we'll keep on giving for sure.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Vicki. That's great color. And then, just going back to the DAC, and as you think about bringing on Unit 1 by the middle of next year, what are the sort of the gating items, the critical path items to get it into service? And what are you really focused on around the start-up from an engineering standpoint? And then in light of the election, has anything changed about the way you think about the economics of this business, or is your view on this independent of the subsidy environment?
Vicki Hollub: I'm going to take that first one first, and then Ken is going to go through the milestones and what he's looking at seeing with respect to construction. But I will say that, in weaker prices and in the scenario we see today, I think that DAC is going to be one of those businesses for us that kind of fits in the same category as our chemicals business and our gas business in the Middle East. I think DAC is going to be a value creator and a cash flow generator for us for a long time. We have work to do in the near-term. But in the long-term, what we what's happening with respect to support for DAC is pretty amazing and taking advantage of that. But because of what we're able to do here apply innovation, even as we're building the first stack, it's very encouraging from a commercial standpoint. So we're already working down on the cost curve. We're already looking at opportunities for improvements in DAC too. So we do believe that the commerciality is still there for these units and the market is getting stronger all the time. So we're still excited and encouraged about where we are with respect to commerciality. Ken?
Ken Dillon: Good afternoon. The DAC project is doing very well. First phase is nearly 90% completion now and this includes the first two capture trains, which should be mechanically complete by the end of the year as well as the central processing areas. So all the major equipments there, loop checks have been done ongoing at the moment. Central processing size for 500,000 tons, which will support the additional two capture trains when they come online between mid-'25 and mid-'26. So overall, if you take both together, the project is about 70% fleet worth of capacity. Since the CE purchase, our engineers have been working closer than ever. There are many cost out ideas that we continue to work with Richard asked if we could see what the project team could easily incorporate into STRATOS. On the slide, you've seen physical changes that Vicki mentioned earlier resulting in pure [LR] reactors and also smaller area contractors with a 30% reduction. What you can see, which goes to your point, is all the savings in the piping, the number of valves, the instruments that have all been eliminated. This also makes it much simpler to build. And there's also a massive improvement in the air contractor construction method going-forward by using modules, which will have the build time for the air contactors. Future [indiscernible] we plan to see 10% to 15% savings from these modifications and could see additional improvements to take it past 20%, also with reduced OpEx maintenance, improved safety. The team at Worley has been key to being able to adapt on the fly in engineering and procurement. In fact, Chris Ashton, the Worley CEO was at the site to meet with his team recently and show support for the project. Overall, the teams are working incredibly well together as the project is on schedule.
Vicki Hollub: And then I'll just follow-up with your question about the election results and the impact that will have. I think the election is -- up to become our next President is going to be very positive for our industry, especially, for this, our direct air capture. The reality is that I believe, he understands better than anybody our need for energy independence here in the United States. He understands the industry. He understands how it plays in geopolitical politics. He knows, what we're trying to accomplish and what we're doing. And he also understands the part that our direct air capture will play in, in helping with that energy independence and security. So I believe, that the funding from the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act that the DoE has already awarded will be dispersed as per the agreement such as for our DAC 2, because we built on the King Ranch. We do expect to get the $500 million with the potential for $650 million. We also believe that 45Q will continue to have bipartisan support because the deal benefit of, first of all, helping companies to decarbonize the carbon reduction of credit score from us, but also the recovery of additional reserves from our domestic reservoir. President Trump clearly supports that as well. And he, again understands that that's something that's necessary. Getting oil on reservoirs you already have is the best possible way to provide affordable gas, gasoline to our country. And it's impossible to be a superpower without ample supply of liquid fuels. The use of CO2 for ancillary recovery as I mentioned is a big part of what makes that so important for the country. And some people don't understand that process. I won't take the time to go into how it works. But just, helping people to understand, and again, Chris [indiscernible] is that the CO2 takes more CO2 injected into resin than the incremental oil that it generates will end up when used. But we just don't have enough CO2 to use in the reservoirs here. We don't have enough organic CO2. So that is necessary to achieve, the incremental CO2 that we need. And then, going from, from DAC to NET Power, and Doug had mentioned 40% ownership of NET Power to make our DACs, emission free, we'll initially and probably throughout use, some amount of solar, but we'll also need to build the NET Power, which is an emission free way to generate electricity by combusting the type of carbon gases with oxygen and the -- That creates water and CO2. CO2 drives the turbine to create the electricity. It also captures CO2 as a part of the process. That is incremental CO2 from that power. It can also be used to -- in all risk for cancer recovery or to make products. So, we're developing what I believe are two of the technologies that the world, really needs to address not only, the companies that want to decarbonize and to help them, but to get, incremental oil and extend our country's, energy. So that's where we stand in this. We're pretty confident about where we are, and how that's going to play out with this election.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Hi, good morning. I think the first one is for Sunil. Sunil, you probably already addressed it, but trying to make sure I understand, this year, based on the fourth quarter CapEx, so your full year CapEx is about, say, $7.1 billion or that about $200 million higher than your previous midpoint guidance. And is that all in the CrownRock because you are doing or that all in Permian because you are doing better? If I'm looking at next year, is CrownRock capital still looking for $900 million? So I think [PMIC] is assuming that this is a $500 million incremental. So now that I mean, how much is the incremental CapEx from CrownRock for next year? This is the first question. And second question, if we look at the -- I just want to go back into the gas oil ratio. If we look at the third quarter versus the second quarter, it dropped by about 2% in Permian. Is that something one off has triggered yet or is it all driven by CrownRock? And it does look like fourth quarter that the gas oil ratio is relatively close to the third quarter. So I suppose that maybe that this is all driven by CrownRock, but just want to clarify and make sure that we understand correctly.
Sunil Mathew: Okay. Paul, if I understand correctly your question -- your first question was what was the driver for the increase in the full year guidance for 2024? Is that correct, or is it --
Paul Cheng: That's correct. And also correspondingly that from '24 to '25 CrownRock, what is the incremental CapEx that we should assume?
Sunil Mathew: Okay. With respect to your first question, yes, all the incremental CapEx for the full year of 2024 is related to CrownRock. So what we have disclosed in the last earnings call was this will be around $400 million and that is for the five months that we're operating from. So with respect to what the capital would be for next year, like, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are planning a five day program for next year, and we are still working the details around what the capital would be, but we expect it somewhere in the $900 million to $950 million range. And so, with respect to your second question, that was on the GOR for Permian, correct?
Paul Cheng: Yes. Is there anything one-off in the third quarter that related to that, because it's a drop of 2% that is a pretty substantial drop comparing to the second quarter oil cut in the Permian.
Richard Jackson: Yes, I can start and Sunil can help on any other macro. Yes, it really is, I mean, one, Permian growing unconventional. So we had growth in the Rockies and Permian. And so that significant jump in production with a lower oil cut mix was one piece of it. Two, a bigger part of that is our secondary that I mentioned earlier. In our first year, oil cut is significantly less for our secondary benches, but the value is better. And so, we want to continue to reinforce that. So I think to your point, the growth in CrownRock is a part of that growth in unconventional, that is really driving that oil percent. But we see that percentage in the back half of this year sort of extending into next year. And as we develop different areas that may drive that change over a period of time, we're going to help -- we'll try to help guide to that so that you can understand and follow that. Hopefully, that helps.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citi.
Scott Gruber: Yes, good afternoon. A couple of questions here. Just back on the Permian, you mentioned raising the percentage of secondary zone development in the Delaware from 20% to 40%, if I heard correctly. Where does that figure go in '25? And then as you look at the Midland side of the basin with the CrownRock assets, could you step-up the percentage? Where is that percentage currently? And can you step it up in '25 as well?
Richard Jackson: Yes. Thank you. So I think a similar percentage on the overall Permian in terms of primary and secondary benches, I think we did sort of a level set utilizing these existing infrastructure facilities for that. So I don't expect that to largely change at least with activity levels, as we're currently operating. Obviously, we adjust down or up depending on what our final program is. That could change a bit, but I think that will be very similar. From a CrownRock perspective, our base plan for those five rigs next year is really what we call 85% primary benches. And so, while we see some opportunities in secondary benches, the program that's been put together is very de-risked, and we did that really to be able to perform operationally. So we've tried to get out in front of sort of those operational plans. So the Spraberry kind of dean, Wolfcamp A and B, those are the primary zones that we're looking at next year. If we see opportunity to improve on that, we obviously would change, but that's the going in plan for next year.
Operator: The next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Securities.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning. I wanted to see if you could discuss your thoughts on what you view as more normalized CapEx in Chems? You mentioned that you'll spend about $900 million next year given some projects. And what you think about more normalized CapEx? And what does the growth CapEx you're spending next year, what does that do to the earnings power of that segment?
Vicki Hollub: In OxyChem, pretty the special projects we were running about $300 million. And so that's what we expect to be able to get back down to those battleground and the couple of pipeline projects we just had.
Richard Jackson: With respect to the earnings power like as Vicki mentioned in her prepared remarks and later, we expect around $325 million uplift once we complete the project, and the project is expected to be completed in mid-2026. And that is finally driven by the expansion in capacity of around 80%. And this assumes around mid-cycle of 40%.
Arun Jayaram: All right. That's helpful. Just one question on the Rockies. It looks like from your disclosure that you have sold some properties in the Rockies. Looks like the Powder River Basin, just give us a sense of future thoughts on the Powder and what exactly you've divested there?
Vicki Hollub: So in the Powder River, we bought the whole thing obviously as part of the Anadarko acquisition. But, we saw early on that there was -- there's a southern part of Powder River Basin that was by far the most contiguous and the cars that we felt like we could get the most value out of. So that's why we sold and we wanted to always be focused and always have continuous acreage where possible and always looking at sub-surface where we think we can optimize and create value. So we sold the park that's north of that local part of the southern part of the basin. We sold that to Anschutz because it's in a better area for them to be able to develop. And so, for -- we -- I think we did a win-win situation there and now have the focus on the area that we think is going to create a lot of value for us in the future.
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks.
Vicki Hollub: I want to thank you all for your questions and for joining our call today. Have a great rest of your day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-08 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Occidental's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jordan Tanner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jordan Tanner: Thank you, Drew. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Sunil Mathew, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Richard Jackson, President, Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management; and Ken Dillon, Senior Vice President and President, International Oil and Gas Operations. This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. We'll also reference a few non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in the schedules to our earnings release and on our website. I will now turn the call over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jordan, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll begin today by highlighting another quarter of exceptional execution across our business segments. Our teams delivered strong operational performance during the second quarter. Our technical and operational excellence paired with a high-quality asset portfolio continued to deliver value across our businesses. Last week, we further strengthened our portfolio through the addition of CrownRock's assets in the Midland Basin. We were also pleased to announce that our strategic divestiture program is progressing, and we have clear line of sight to meeting the debt reduction targets we set out when we announced the deal last December. This afternoon, I'll cover our second quarter results and operational performance as well as our CrownRock integration plans. Sunil will then review our financial results and guidance, including an increase in full year guidance for our midstream earnings. In the second quarter, we delivered Oxy's highest quarterly production in 4 years for both total company and U.S. onshore. This exceeds the midpoint of total company production guidance, generating $1.3 billion in free cash flow before working capital. This was driven by exceptional execution across our business segments with notably strong Permian new well performance and higher production uptime along with outperformance in the Gulf of Mexico. We're exceeding our production expectations for onshore new wells across all our basins and are continuing to achieve operational efficiencies as we execute our capital program. This year-to-date, we've seen approximately 10% improvement in our unconventional well costs compared to the first half of last year, putting us ahead of our planned well cost savings. These savings have been achieved through lower nonproductive time, increased frac utilization, operational efficiency gains and facilities optimization as part of our focused program to lower wells cost, decrease time to market and increase free cash flow. We anticipate further acceleration in time to market in the second half of the year. Importantly, we continue to deliver industry-leading performance and secondary bench development, supporting long-term economics and inventory replenishment. The momentum we are generating on development costs across many facets should translate to capital efficiency improvements as we look toward the end of the year and into 2025. In addition to improved capital efficiency and continued well performance leadership, our teams have driven down lease operating expenses across our domestic assets to enhance our cash margins. In the second quarter, our per BOE lease operating expenses decreased over $0.60 a barrel, a 6% improvement relative to the average of the prior 3 quarters. We have several more optimization initiatives planned for the second half of the year, which should give us a favorable outlook toward year-end. For example, in our Permian EOR business, we are finding ways to utilize CO2 more efficiently in our reservoirs. We're also optimizing our artificial lift, which has led to reduced failure rates and associated downhole maintenance costs. In the Delaware Basin, we've decreased water disposal costs by doubling the volume of water recycled relative to the first half of last year. Water stewardship remains a key priority in our operations, and I'm pleased to highlight a recent milestone in which we recycled a cumulative 50 million barrels in our Midland South Curtis Ranch treatment facility. In addition, we have now recycled over 150 million barrels in our New Mexico operations since 2019. Overall, we have built solid oil and gas segment momentum as we move into the second half of 2024. This gives us confidence to maintain our full year production guidance, excluding CrownRock for our total company and Permian assets despite the expected divestiture of 15,000 BOE per day in the fourth quarter. Our midstream business significantly outperformed in the second quarter with an adjusted pretax income more than $180 million higher than the guidance midpoint. Our domestic gas marketing teams followed up on the success of their first quarter by utilizing their extensive market intelligence and transportation capability to benefit from regional pricing dislocations. Furthermore, as healthy storage levels and stable Permian output continued from earlier in the year, the second quarter presented abnormally high planned and unplanned maintenance on takeaway pipelines. Our teams capitalized on this opportunity, highlighting the value and the diversity our asset base provides. As we look ahead to the second half of the year, we anticipate fewer opportunities for optimization after the Matterhorn pipeline was placed in service, which is expected in the coming months. However, our teams will be prepared to act if additional bottlenecks arise. Looking now at our low carbon businesses. We're excited by the advancements we are making. As construction of STRATOS, our first direct air capture facility moves forward, our Low Carbon Ventures team continues to demonstrate that demand for carbon dioxide removal credits is growing. In July, we announced an agreement with Microsoft for the sale of 500,000 metric tons of CDR credits over 6 years from STRATOS. The agreement is the largest single purchase of direct air capture CDR credits to date and highlights the increasing recognition of carbon engineering technology as a solution to help organizations achieve their net-zero goals. I would now like to talk about how pleased we are to integrate CrownRock into the greater Oxy portfolio. We closed the acquisition on August 1, and we continue to be impressed with CrownRock's efficient operations and employee talent. As we have discussed previously, this acquisition complements and enhances our premier Permian portfolio with the addition of high-margin production and low breakeven undeveloped inventory. We're excited about the subsurface and geologic potential of these assets and our technical teams are eager to apply their subsurface expertise and workflows to generate maximum value. We're also looking forward to leveraging our newfound scale in the Midland Basin. Over the years, we've seen how scale has driven significant technical advancements and operational efficiencies in our other basins. We are confident that as we integrate our Midland Basin assets, we'll unlock meaningful efficiencies through infrastructure sharing, resource utilization and by bringing together best practices from each of our organizations. Our combined teams have made great strides in the past several days getting to know each other and integrating CrownRock into Oxy's organization. On our next call, we're looking forward to telling you more about our post-CrownRock enhanced portfolio and how the integration is advancing. One of the many benefits of this acquisition was the opportunity to high-grade Oxy's existing portfolio of assets. In December, we laid out plans for our $4.5 billion to $6 billion divestiture program to be completed within 18 months of the acquisition's close. Given the inventory depth of our onshore portfolio, we welcome the opportunity to monetize some of these assets at an attractive price. And as we announced last week, the divestiture program is progressing well. Since the start of the year, we have closed or announced approximately $1 billion of Permian Basin divestitures. The proceeds from these sales will go directly towards debt reduction. This progress on divestitures, coupled with a robust organic cash flow underpinned by our steady focus on operational excellence has positioned us well to reduce our debt in the near term. Sunil will address this in more detail, but we're excited that we're on track to retire approximately $3 billion of debt during the third quarter, which means -- which speaks to both the quality of our assets and our future cash flow potential. Now, I'll hand the call over to Sunil to provide more details about our second quarter financial results, our guidance and progress on strategic financial action.
Sunil Mathew: Thank you, Vicki. We are excited with the recent progress we have made in executing the portfolio high-grading plan we outlined in December. Oxy has realized an immediate announcement of our U.S. onshore portfolio with low breakeven inventory and expansion of free cash flow generation potential upon the closing of CrownRock last week. The opportunity to build scale in the Midland Basin made this transaction a strategic fit for Oxy, and the newly acquired assets will immediately compete for capital. In late July, we issued $5 billion of senior unsecured notes. We used the net proceeds of the offering and term loans to fund the cash consideration of the CrownRock acquisition. Overall, we were highly pleased with the investor demand for the bond offering. We placed notes maturing in 5 tranches at 3, 5, long 7, 10 and 30 years at a weighted average coupon rate of less than 5.5%, creating a manageable debt maturity profile given our deleveraging plans. Our efforts to strengthen our balance sheet remain a top priority, and we are achieving early success in debt reduction. In July, we retired $400 million of debt at maturity, and our strong organic free cash flow is enabling further deleveraging progress in the coming weeks. By the end of August, between additional Oxy maturities and the early redemption of CrownRock's notes we will have repaid an additional $1.9 billion of debt, bringing the total to $2.3 billion. Add to this the proceeds from the Barilla Draw divestiture and we expect to have repaid over $3 billion in debt by the end of the third quarter, which is almost 70% of our near-term reduction commitment of $4.5 billion. We will continue to prudently advance deleveraging via free cash flow and proceeds from our divestiture program. We were pleased last week to announce the agreement to sell certain Delaware Basin assets for approximately $818 million. The core of this divestiture centers around approximately 27,500 net acres in the Barilla Draw field of the Texas Delaware basin. While these assets have been core to Oxy's Southern Delaware position for over a decade, the remaining inventory is long outdated in our current development plans. We anticipate closing the sale late in the third quarter and estimate a 15,000 BOE per day reduction in fourth quarter Permian production. Separate from this transaction, we also announced additional completed disposal ships from earlier the year, involving several smaller undeveloped acreage positions throughout the Permian, approximately $152 million in total. This brings total year-to-date closed or announced divestments to $970 million. Consistent with our cash flow priorities, all net proceeds from these sales will be allocated to debt reduction. We are satisfied with the progress of our divestiture program and the trajectory of debt reduction plans. We are ahead of schedule on our near-term debt reduction commitments, and we will continue to focus on strengthening our balance sheet through a combination of divestitures and excess cash flow until we reach our principal debt target of $15 billion or less. In the second quarter, we generated both an adjusted and reported profit of $1.03 per diluted share and exited the second quarter with $1.8 billion of unrestricted cash. As Vicki highlighted earlier, we generated over $1.3 billion of free cash flow before working capital, driven by sustained success across our diversified business segments. More specifically, the second quarter was marked by strong production performance in the Permian and Gulf of Mexico, driving high oil volumes. In the Midstream segment, substantial value capture was realized, particularly in gas marketing as evident through the greater than $180 million adjusted pretax income outperformance when compared to the midpoint of guidance. We are delighted with how operational excellence drove financial results in the second quarter and continue to benefit from a complementary asset base that positions us for success through a wide range of pricing environments. Our second quarter capital was largely in line with the first quarter, consistent with our business plan of a front half AV and domestic oil and gas activity. We reported a negative working capital change in the second quarter, primarily due to higher oil volumes and increased barrel shipments on the water at quarter end. Rockies-related property tax payments, which are based on a 2-year revenue lag and incorporates a period of higher oil and natural gas prices from 2022 also played a contributing factor. Now looking ahead to the second half of 2024. We have provided pro forma guidance based upon the following assumptions. We included CrownRock in our guidance beginning August 1, and we excluded from guidance the 15,000 BOE per day of 4Q production associated with the Permian divestment as we expect the transaction to close late in the third quarter. Even after adjusting for this disposition, Oxy's total and Permian full year production, excluding CrownRock, is expected to remain flat due to higher Permian outlook. Including CrownRock, the midpoint of our total company production and guidance has increased from 1.25 million to approximately 1.32 million BOE per day. Building on the operational momentum generated in the first and second quarters, we anticipate an improving production trajectory in the back half of the year in all our domestic assets. This includes the Gulf of Mexico even after incorporating some downtime for potential disruptive tropical weather in our guidance. Excluding CrownRock, the midpoint of our 3Q production guidance would represent a new record for the highest quarterly production in over 4 years. In the appendix, we have summarized some of the key full year guidance changes associated with consolidating CrownRock into our portfolio. Aside from the production benefits, we anticipate a notable improvement in domestic operating costs from adding these high-margin barrels. Excluding CrownRock, we are also pleased with Oxy's improvement and favorable trajectory of operating costs and capital efficiency across our U.S. onshore assets, as highlighted by Vicki earlier. OxyChem's 2024 business is performing well. with results largely in line with the plan we laid out at the start of the year. However, challenging economic conditions in China, combined with the continued deferral of interest rate reductions have dampened OxyChem's trajectory for the year. As a result, we are revising OxyChem's full year guidance down to a range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. We continue to anticipate that 2024 will be another strong year for OxyChem by historical standards. With midstream and marketing strong second quarter, we have raised full year guidance by $220 million. We anticipate a more muted third quarter as additional Permian gas takeaway capacity is expected to come online, reducing gas marketing optimization opportunities. We continued to execute our 2024 capital program as scheduled. While the legacy Oxy capital will decrease in the second half as a result of tapered domestic activity, maintaining CrownRock's 5-rig program will reshape the investment profile as we increase the full year total company net capital range to $6.8 billion to $7 billion. In closing, I want to discuss how Oxy is delivering on the financial milestones we laid out in December. A sustainable and growing dividend is the foundation of our shareholder return priorities. Earlier this year, we followed through on a commitment we made when we announced the CrownRock acquisition and raised our quarterly common dividend by over 22%. The free cash flow accretion that we anticipate from CrownRock along with the expected improvements from our non-oil and gas segments of our portfolio provided us with the confidence to raise the dividend. Maintaining our investment-grade credit rating is a key priority. In recent weeks, we received ratings affirmations from all 3 rating agencies, including our investment-grade credit ratings from Moody's and Fitch. We are focused on our deleveraging strategy, and we remain on track to return at least $4.5 billion of debt well before next August. We are off to a promising start with our divestiture program. We will continue to evaluate our high-quality asset portfolio for divestment opportunities and will apply those proceeds to further debt reduction, thereby strengthening our balance sheet. Oxy is methodically delivering on these key financial commitments. The strategic and financial actions we have taken over recent quarters are converging to benefit our portfolio, increase cash flow generation capability and ultimately, accelerate shareholder value. I will now turn the call back over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Sunil. Before we move on to the Q&A, I would like to close by focusing on a few of Oxy's differentiated value catalysts. Our subsurface expertise, technical excellence and operational strength allow us to continuously achieve basin-leading well performance while simultaneously driving efficiency and savings. The addition of CrownRock further enhances what I believe is OXY's strongest portfolio in our century-long history, and it kicks off another phase of Oxy's cash flow growth with future upside through improved resource recovery and lower cost opportunities. I can't wait to see the value that the newly combined teams deliver given the quality and depth of development opportunities coming with this new asset. Beyond oil and gas, we expect our OxyChem and midstream businesses to continue to provide material cash flow durability in the years ahead. And finally, LCV continues to develop practical decarbonization solutions that are solidifying our leadership in this important emerging market. These businesses together position Oxy's common shareholders to benefit financially for decades to come. We will now open the call for questions. As Jordan mentioned, Richard Jackson and Ken Dillon are on the call with us today for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Vicki and team, good progress here on deleveraging. That's kind of where I want to start. Recognized the Barilla Draw announcement here a couple of days ago, but what's the asset sale market look like? And can you talk about the opportunity set to continue to make progress on monetization?
Vicki Hollub: Yes. As you know, we have a deep inventory of assets, and our portfolio is very, very strong. And I certainly appreciate your interest in the details, but we feel like talking in detail about what the assets would be would compromise our ability to maximize the value of those divestitures. We've said previously that we get a lot of incoming offers, but it's clear that something -- this is a fire sale, and it is not -- this acquisition has actually enabled us to improve our inventory quality and scale, which provides us now the opportunity to bring forward value. And that's what we did with this CrownRock acquisition. It's not that the assets that we just sold or, as Sunil said, a part of our core for 10 years, it's that we knew that we needed to bring forward the value to our shareholders. And we did it in a way that makes our inventory stronger, so it was the best possible way to do it. But in terms of talking about the other assets, I can just assure you that we have high confidence we're going to be able to achieve our debt reduction targets. And as you saw and as you mentioned, definitely, we're off to a good start, and we're excited about where we're headed with this and think that certainly, the $15 billion that we are targeting to achieve is doable by the end of 2026 or first of 2027, we've previously said.
Neil Mehta: And then just a follow-up on the CrownRock acquisition, just building off Slide 27. Just your early thoughts, recognizing you're going to give us more next quarter on potential synergies and thoughts about the production profile. I know you had talked about this being a 170,000 barrel a day asset and the guide is a little softer than that, but recognize that it's not a full year, and you haven't done your -- hands full on these assets. So just your perspective on the production profile and the synergies associated with that.
Vicki Hollub: Now bearing in mind that with the SEC rules and regs, our teams have had the opportunity to get together and to talk, but not to dive into the details or their plans. And so we've had now just a week for the team to start looking at where the -- what the situation is now with CrownRock. And we're, again, incredibly excited about the assets. But I think Richard's team, you have found some additional details that have differentiated what we were expecting versus what happened over the past couple of quarters.
Richard Jackson: Yes, that's great. Thanks, Vicki, and I'll try to answer this question in a couple of pieces. I'll start with sort of where we're at today. And like Vicki said, I guess, the first thing to say is just very excited to work with our new team and was able to spend some time after close in the last week with them and everything that we thought they would be, they are, and very excited about really the opportunity. So the first part, I'll kind of address where we are, and then I'll go ahead and speak to some of the synergies and how we're thinking about that generally. And then as I think we said in our prepared remarks, we'll have more updates, I think, as we go into the end of the year. So where we start again, this plan started with the rules that CrownRock really had a 2024 plan that they constructed. We didn't have a lot of insight to that. So we spent time kind of understanding where we are. And lots of positives. The upsides that we saw, not only in a 1-year program, but longer term, still see. But as we think about that 170 in our latest guidance, and we're able to talk to the team, a couple of things. One, like us, had some downtime due to some weather events early in the year and just some other operational downtime that was a part of that. I'd call it more singular events than ongoing. And then the majority is really well mix. I think due to their development plans and trying to optimize returns beyond just this year, that they really focused on some shallower zones that were a bit tighter spaced and even a little less horizontal length. And so there are different reasons they constructed the program today versus what we had originally had in our plan. So we'll -- we're in the process of deconstructing that. But again, we see that same upside as we roll this forward. I would say it was more delayed in terms of getting to the 170 as we anticipated. It certainly hasn't gone away. A couple of good things to note. I'd say well cost, and again, this applied to Oxy as well, but encouraged by where not only their costs are today, but what they see as improvement opportunities. And so we'll be diving into that. And then looking at some of the opportunities going forward, I think, remain from a well performance perspective, I think the ability now to compare notes on things like well spacing and even the sequencing of how we develop the stack pay, we see opportunity. And so that will be a big part of what we're working through for the rest of this year and next year. And then just scale and efficiency. So we can quickly see opportunities as we think about a rig and frac core utilization. And really, that rolls into time-to-market improvements. And so as you are able to drive utilization of those resources up, we still see time to market. And then as Vicki mentioned, really the water management. We've been very proud of our water sort of management capabilities. But when we combine with a very strong position and frankly, more scale with what the CrownRock team has put together, I think that's going to deliver cost synergies as well as operational synergies. So to sum it all up, again, excited to be with the team. Same opportunity, same upside. Just we're rolling it forward from where we start today, and we're looking forward to providing more details as we go into the end of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Betty Jiang with Barclays.
Betty Jiang: Sorry, I was on mute. Sorry about that. Maybe I want to switch gears a bit. I want to ask about the STRATOS project. Really, congratulations on signing the agreement with Microsoft this quarter. And I wanted to get an update on where that project is today, the start-up timing on that. And any goal on what percentage of the carbon credits that you want to sell ahead of time? And yes, maybe start from there.
Richard Jackson: Right. No, thanks for the question. We're excited certainly with the STRATOS project and the progress, and I'll flip it to Ken after a few remarks, kind of give you more detail on that. I'd say generally, continue to see great progress in the business. Obviously, the sales with Microsoft not only be the largest CDR kind of block sale to date, but really, that counterparty meant a lot to us. We know they're very diligent in the way they think about what the product of a CDR can mean to the business and it's just great constructive dialogue that ultimately rolls into the future market and what that product can deliver. So beyond just the monetary aspect of that very pleased with that outcome. I'd say the other thing I'd like to highlight, and I think again, as we roll into STRATOS next year and then think about the future, continue to see great progress out of our carbon engineering R&D team. And so as we think about the core elements of that process, being able to process air, capture CO2 in our sorbent, liquid sorbent and then how do you efficiently release that and either sequester, use it. We're seeing some very innovative things that we can see direct line of sight to cost down, which is ultimately what we're trying to do as we get into the development. And so those are sort of the catalysts we're paying to -- closely to intentionally. I would say, to your point, we'll continue to monitor CDR sales. We remain very optimistic on the outlook of that market. We hadn't set any specific parameters in terms of what that target is going forward, but it will be a major component of our FID criteria for that DAC too, for certain. And so I think as we get closer to that, over the next period of time here, that we'll be able to give more disclosure of how we think about that from a commercial project to FID. So maybe with that, I'll turn it over to Ken.
Kenneth Dillon: Overall, we remain on track for start of next summer. We currently have around 1,200 people at site, which is our peak. We'll start rolling off soon. We've been able to staff all trades as necessary. And Worley continues to do an excellent job. The efficiency of each of the trades is at or above where we expected them to be. We're now moving away from bulk fill, by that, I mean putting in the large piping, able, et cetera, into completing the systems one by one. So we're at that stage now so that we can commission in the right sequence. We get power live this month, which then means we can start getting the control room up and running and testing all of the instrumentation throughout. So going really well at the moment. Also, as Richard highlighted, learning constantly during construction and also from the CEIC, we are seeing really great potential for performance improvements and cost down improvements. And we're looking at how to incorporate these learnings as quickly as possible. Companies like Technip Energies are also focused on how to achieve cost down for their equipment, and that's driven from the top of the company. So we're getting great support from our visionary vendors who have bought into long-term DAC future. So I hope that answers your question.
Betty Jiang: Yes, it does. Maybe shifting back to upstream, a follow-up on the Rockies. Just after several quarters of very strong performance, do you think that -- and the third quarter guidance is also, again, seeing sequential growth. But as activity is expected to slow down in the second half, would love to get some color on how you think about the production activity trajectory going forward.
Richard Jackson: Yes, no, appreciate that question. The Rockies has been a significant part of our outperformance really over the last couple of years. So a couple of things going on there. I think, continue to do well in the DJ and the Powder River basin. So as we highlighted, I think, in the slide, each of those are seeing sequential well performance improvement even in the DJ, where we've been more mature in terms of operation. And so very, very pleased with that. From an activity standpoint, we really have done work in the early part of this year in the Powder River basin, where again, the well performance has been very good, not only against the industry, which we note, but also against our internal expectations. And so what we're planning to do there is we'll be lower activity in the second half of the year while we pause and really rework our development plans. And so similar to what we kind of laid out generally in our highlights slide, we're really looking at how do you take primary and secondary benches with the Turner and now even the Mowry and think about that longer term as we build out our infrastructure and so what we're expecting is to be in position at the end of this year to be able to put together a development plan and then have that compete with capital as we go into 2025. So I think, again, just very pleased with that, but I would call it steady activity in the DJ with a couple of rigs and then really putting a competitive case forward for Powder River basin in 2025.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: I think the first one is maybe for Sunil. I think you guys have said you have discussed with Ecopetrol for the -- for them to purchase 30% on divided interest in the CrownRock and then that fell apart. So from that standpoint, what is the sticky point on that? And perhaps more importantly, the reason why you purchased CrownRock must be you think the asset is better or at least better than the average of your portfolio. So why that will be one of the first asset that you're trying to sell down? So trying to get some understanding of the logic behind when you're initially talking to Ecopetrol for the deal. Second question is that I know it is a little bit early for 2025 for CapEx and production, but can you give us some idea that maybe the moving part, plus and minuses for next year on both the CapEx and the production number.
Vicki Hollub: Paul, thank you for the question. I'll take the first question you had. And I can tell you, we absolutely believe that the CrownRock asset, as a combined asset is -- it is one of the best we've seen. Tim -- Tim Dunn did a great job of putting together the portfolio of assets that CrownRock had, and they did a great job of developing it. And there's a lot of really good possibilities in there for continued expansion. And as you know, the inventory came in mostly in our Tier 1 inventory. So the way that worked is that we wanted to buy 100% of CrownRock. And I actually informed Ecopetrol on numerous occasions that our preference was to purchase 100% of CrownRock. But as a part of the Rodeo JV, we had an agreement with Ecopetrol within that JV agreement that they had the right to purchase 49% of anything that we purchased within a certain area and vice versa. If they were to purchase something, we would have had the right to buy 49% of what they had purchased within a given area within the Midland Basin. So we wanted it at all, but they also wanted to be a part of it. They saw the assets. They know they were high-quality assets. They wanted to be a part of it. So since they are a valued partner to us, we've been in partnerships with them for decades, and we have a great relationship with them, so we negotiated to a 30% working interest that we felt like would -- would be fair and beneficial to both of us. And we worked on that deal from March to just last week, and we thought we were done, but President Petro of Colombia didn't approve of it. He's made it very clear to the world that he's anti-oil and gas, anti-fracking, and anti-U.S. And with those 3 strikes, he pretty much dealt the Ecopetrol out of the deal. And that's all according to news reports. But certainly, we wanted it all, they wanted a part of it. Unfortunately, there are others in the world like Petro. And there are some -- actually, in the United States like Petro, who believe that oil and gas should go away and believe that we shouldn't be an industry anymore and that renewable energy will be all that's needed to go forward and to help with the climate transition. But the reality is that, as you know, oil and gas is going to be needed for many decades to come. And so the other part of what Ecopetrol had some interest in was our strategy. And our strategy in the Midland Basin with respect to CO2 and in enhanced store recovery. And our strategy is very important to the world in that we're going to be taking CO2 out of the atmosphere and putting it in the assets that we have in the Midland Basin, including CrownRock to get more oil out of the ground. And so they were very, very excited about that and wanted to be a part of it.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research.
John Abbott: This is John Abbott on for Doug Leggate. Just sticking with Ecopetrol joint venture, how much production is associated with that JV? And just out of curiosity, if they did not want to continue in the Midland for some reason, would you be potentially interested in that asset?
Vicki Hollub: So the way that would work is that if we continued on beyond the ending of the -- potential ending of the JV, the interest would just be divided 49% for Ecopetrol, 51% for Oxy. So a discontinuation of the JV would just result in a couple of scenarios, one being, if we just broke it off, didn't go forward at all with the JV, we would each just have just like a normal operating situation where it's 51% us; 49% them. Did that answer your question?
John Abbott: Yes. I was just sort of curious if you would be interested in that asset and just sort of curious as to how much production may be associated with that joint venture currently.
Vicki Hollub: I believe that's around 40,000 barrels a day.
Richard Jackson: Yes, that's right. Yes. It's around 40,000.
John Abbott: That's very helpful. And then for the second question, very quickly, what was the run rate spending at CrownRock?
Vicki Hollub: Was it 900?
Richard Jackson: Yes. It's been very steady. I mean, I think we gave the guidance midpoint around [indiscernible], and it's been very steady with their 5 rigs. So we looked at that, and I think that's part of their success. They've been able to be very flat, which turns into a great production profile as well. So very -- you can think about it very steady.
Sunil Mathew: Yes, I just wanted to clarify on the Midland production, the 40,000, that's our net production.
Operator: The next question comes from John Royall with JPMorgan.
John Royall: So my first question is on the asset sale program. To date, you've sold or agreed to sell about $1 billion worth of assets. Is there anything you can offer on the lost cash flow that you expect from these assets? We know the production impact from Barilla Draw, but I was just wondering on the cash flow side, if there's anything you can give us there.
Vicki Hollub: We can't yet because we really haven't made decisions on what the next set of divestitures would be. We're still under evaluation of that.
John Royall: Okay. Yes, I was just referring to the $1 billion that you've already announced, but okay. So my follow-up is just on the DAC program. Maybe you can talk about how it's developing kind of looking past STRATOS. Are you in serious or advanced discussions with potential partners and/or licensees for future DACs? Or do you expect that those discussions would ramp once you have sort of a proof of concept out there with STRATOS being operational? Just trying to understand how you expect the program to evolve post STRATOS.
Richard Jackson: Yes. Maybe I'll answer that, kind of yes to both. I think one thing we've done is with the King Ranch sequestration hub, we continue to develop that. We're pursuing really across all of our sequestration hubs in the Gulf Coast, our stratigraphic wells that prove the subsurface storage capability. We're going through permitting for class 6 wells. And so we've really put that sort of front-end work together to be able to accommodate both direct air capture and our point source. And that continues to go well. King Ranch is really what we've targeted for the next kind of development beyond the Permian. And it really has a lot of scale advantages that we've talked about in the past, both with the subsurface and as we think about it, the balance of plant. So you think about key power inputs, emission-free power inputs, water or other advantages. And so that sort of engineering work, we continue to do for South Texas as it relates to the subsurface and DAC. But yes, to your first part of the question, which is we do think it's really important to see STRATOS as we continue to show this great line of sight on cost down, both in STRATOS and the construction and then as it turns into operations next year and also how we think about the carbon engineering innovation center and the R&D improvements that Ken and I talked about earlier roll in. So we do feel like from a milestone going into next year, getting this plant online, we're able to incorporate some of these learnings already into that process as we begin ramping up that capacity next year. We think that's a really important thing to factor into that South Texas FID in addition to the continued CDR sales that I mentioned earlier. And the last thing to say, the exciting part about that King Ranch development, that's really a 30 million-ton per year hub. And so you get these tremendous economies of scale that we really think add to the R&D improvements in terms of a cost down. And so that's really how we see that play out if you go back to our early sort of presentations on the development plan into the next decade. That's a big part of that ramp-up. So let me stop there, and hopefully, that answered some of the intent of your question.
Operator: The next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yes. I guess, I'd kind of like to come at the question on the cash returns. Comments were made in the presentation on the catch-up calls yesterday, get the debt paid down and then get back to buying back shares, potentially even go after retiring the preferred. And I'm just curious kind of how you're looking at that in terms of what you would want to do once the balance sheet is where you want it. Meaning, do you want to get all the way back to buying back the preferred again? Or does it make sense to be a little more steady with the share repos, raise the dividend and then leave yourself the flexibility for acquisitions?
Vicki Hollub: It really depends on the macro because what we're doing today with this accretive acquisition to me is actually delivers better value than buying back shares. So given -- that's why we did the deal we did. But share repurchases still is a part of our value proposition and especially given the fact that our share price is so much lower than we believe where it should be. So as we get through this period and we get our debt down, back down to $15 billion, we will then resume share repurchases. And then it really depends on the macro at that point. If we are in a scenario where we can buy enough shares back to trigger the $4 per share, then we would start also buying back the preferred. That would be a part of what we do. We can't ever rule out the -- what the situation would be if we were in a prolonged high-price environment, because I think that although the Berkshire preferred becomes available to us at a 5% rather than 10% premium starting in 2029, so that if we haven't bought it back by then, we would definitely launch a campaign at that point to buy the preferred.
Roger Read: Yes, right. The 10-year kind of change. Okay. And then as an unrelated follow-up, just your guidance on the midstream business and the gas trading. What is the expectation that you have on Matterhorn in terms of start-up that's built into your expectations? Is that middle of the quarter, end of the quarter? I'm just trying to understand like maybe upside, downside to the guidance.
Vicki Hollub: That would probably happen mid- to late quarter is the last update that we've had.
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: My first question, Vicki, is just on the Gulf of Mexico. Specifically, could you give some color as how active you might be with tiebacks through the remainder of the year? I think you've got a lot of opportunities there and then maybe even -- I look at all the exploration opportunities, I'm just -- given all these opportunities you have, do you anticipate a bit more start-ups there on the exploration side starting next year?
Vicki Hollub: The exploration, it won't be as aggressive as it's been in the past because of the fact that we've launched an evaluation using data analytics and AI. And what we want to do is give our teams the tools that we believe will help even further understand what's happening in the subsurface of the very complex deepwater prospects within the Gulf of Mexico. But the exciting thing is we have numerous other things that we can do in the Gulf of Mexico that Ken can describe.
Kenneth Dillon: Thanks, Vicki. I think overall, the teams are performing really well on all fronts, the base, including primary, exploration and the waterflood designs. On the base, for example, as a result of recent OBN seismic data, we moved further northwest at one of our fields and brought on a 15,000 barrel a day well, which came on in early May. From further analysis of the OBN data, we're seeing more potential in that area than others. In exploration, we're currently involved in 2 recent discoveries in GoM, Ocotillo and Tiberius. Ocotillo can tie back to Marlin, Tiberius to Lucius. These are like 3.5 mile to 8 mile tiebacks. Both projects are going through our process to FID at the moment, and we can discuss more after sanction. We're continuing our waterflood project designs. We'll be capable of commencing execution next year. These have the potential to add substantial low-cost reserves in these projects. We're in our wheelhouse as a company where waterflood is one of our strengths. And operationally, we've safely completed all our major turnarounds for the year. So very positive overall in GoM as we lean into the AI pilots that Vicki highlighted earlier.
Neal Dingmann: Great update. And then just a second on OFS services. I'm just wondering, are you seeing any -- given sort of the recent volatility or maybe downturn, a little bit downturn in oil? Have you seen any recent softness, and just wondered how different prices -- OFS prices might be trending onshore versus offshore?
Richard Jackson: Let me just start and then Ken can provide some better detail. I just wanted to make mention, certainly see an improvement in overall capital efficiency or well cost facilities. And we wanted to highlight that in the slide, mainly because the teams have really been engaged this year upfront, improving operations, but also engaging with our service contractors to find how do we drive utilization up and how do we create the sustained kind of program. So we highlighted the 10% year-to-date on well cost, which we think is a tremendous value-add as you roll that into 2025 in addition to the OpEx improvements that Vicki highlighted. But let me -- let me stop there. I just want to say thank you to the teams, and turn it over to Ken.
Kenneth Dillon: Yes. Same as Richard, onshore U.S., from a supply chain perspective, we see deflation continuing. Between, say, last summer and the end of this year, we see north of 10% rolling through in our drilling and completion basket. We also see OCTG significantly higher than that in terms of deflation, which also benefits all the other functions. We see continued focus by the contractors to improve efficiency and technologies of e-fleets, auto frac. They're really pushing the technology aspects and they're working with us on utilization. And it's not only the efficiency that comes with utilization, but because of the planning that Richard's teams are doing, it releases those contractors to use that equipment in the spaces we're not so they can maximize their margins also. Having mass matters, so CrownRock will enable more value in that space in the Midland Basin. So it's definitely accretive. Hope that answers question.
Operator: The next question comes from David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: I was curious if I could ask a little bit more just on the CrownRock progression into next year. I think you all still are standing by getting towards that 170,000 a day target and then perhaps growing it from there. So when we think about CapEx for next year, given that this was a high-graded transaction, do you see the CrownRock assets sort of feeding some capital from some areas that you were spending money on in '24 as we think about that program? And I guess in part of that, is there some savings on the CapEx side associated with selling Barilla Draw?
Vicki Hollub: I would say that we would keep the same activity level with CrownRock going into next year. They've had this, as Richard said earlier, this same activity level for quite a while. It's worked well for them. And we think with the capability of our teams working together that we'll actually be able to maybe do more with less. And so we think that's going to be a good news story. So likely no increase in activity in CrownRock. In the Barilla Draw, part of the reason that we divested in Barilla Draw is because we weren't investing capital there because we had development going on in other areas that was taking the capital away from Barilla Draw. And so our philosophy has always been, if we have an asset that doesn't compete for capital and/or would have competed under different circumstances, but we're not going to get to it for 5 to 10 years, then that's why we divest of it.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate the color there. And then maybe my second question, just on direct air capture, just following STRATOS. I know there was some enthusiasm, especially last year around ADNOC and their interest in direct air capture. Would you characterize most of your conversations with most parties at this point as sort of being in a wait-and-see mode around STRATOS and how some of these first projects perform?
Vicki Hollub: I would say there's a lot of interest in STRATOS. And it's now -- I think about every conference around the world and companies around the world are all talking about STRATOS. In fact, we had a major operator -- had an international operator come and visited our site because there's a lot of interest in it. But as Richard said, first of all, we want to get it up and running. And because we believe that as we prove it up, as we make it better, that it's going to be much more valuable than what people realize today. And Richard, did you have something to add?
Richard Jackson: No, I just think that's right. I mean I think we continue to talk our ambitious plans. We think that there's a lot of scale in terms of development. You've seen some of our development plans. And so as we prove it, as we give line of sight to cost down, we're very confident that both strategic and capital partners are going to have an investable development that will be able to help us. So that is our strategy, but I mean we're doing a lot of engagement on multiple fronts, both from offtake and future capital partnership. So I appreciate that question.
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks.
Vicki Hollub: I'd just like to say thank you all for your questions and have a great rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-08 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Occidental's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jordan Tanner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jordan Tanner: Thank you, Drew. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for participating in Occidental's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Sunil Mathew, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Richard Jackson, President, Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management and Ken Dillon, Senior Vice President and President, International Oil and Gas Operations.  
 This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. We'll also reference a few non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in the schedules to our earnings release and on our website. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jordan and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report on a strong start to 2024, driven by our persistent focus on operational execution. As we will detail in today's call, our oil and gas business delivered robust production results essentially offsetting an extended third-party outage, while our Midstream and OxyChem businesses outperformed our first quarter guidance.  
 Today, I'll start by discussing our first quarter performance, including highlighting our Delaware appraisal success and its contribution to Permian's development runway. Then I'll discuss what's on the horizon for Oxy and how these initiatives are expected to generate significant value for our shareholders.  
 Operational excellence is fundamental to everything we do at Oxy and our capabilities were evident during the first quarter as our teams generated over $2.4 billion in operating cash flow before working capital. Though the third-party outage in the Eastern Gulf of Mexico made it a challenging start to the year, our teams delivered excellent performance in all areas of our portfolio. We concluded the first quarter by approximating the midpoint of our production guidance and we restarted production from our Gulf of Mexico platforms affected by the outage in mid-April.  
 Taking a closer look at our production results, the first quarter benefited from strong new well performance in the Permian Basin and the Rockies, overcoming the impact of winter weather early in the year. In the Permian, we exceeded the midpoint of our production guidance due in part to better-than-expected secondary bench performance in the Delaware Basin. Our Delaware teams are achieving impressive performance by results -- performance results by applying the same proprietary subsurface workflows that have generated remarkable success in our primary benches and applying that to secondary benches.  
 Through utilization of fit-for-purpose well design and reservoir characterization expertise, performance in our secondary benches is nearly matching Oxy's record-setting 2023 program average. Not only that, first year cumulative production from Oxy's 2023 secondary wells exceeds the Delaware industry average for all horizontal wells for the same period by more than 30%.  
 We are driving financial returns for our shareholders by improving our ability to high grade our near-term inventory and by extending our runway of Tier 1 locations. Meanwhile, use of our existing infrastructure yields meaningful capital efficiencies. We expect these efficiency benefits to become more impactful as secondary benches become a more substantial part of our development program.  
 Our Rockies assets outperformed the high end of our first quarter production guidance, partly driven by strong new well performance in the DJ Basin, better production uptime, higher-than-expected outside operating volumes. And then internationally, we achieved record gross daily production in Oman North, driven by new well performance and production uptime.  
 Our teams continue to improve capital efficiency through a combination of innovative well design, exceptional execution, proactive supply chain and management practices. In the DJ and Powder River Basins, our teams optimized casing and cementing plans, completion stage design and profit utilization. These fit-for-purpose well design enhancements resulted in tangible first quarter well cost reductions of between $700,000 and $1 million per well compared to the first half of last year.  
 We're also starting to see cost reduction progress in the Delaware Basin. Our continuous drive for improvement not only leads to innovations that increased operational efficiencies but in many instances, we're also able to reduce emissions and advanced progress toward our net zero goals. I'm proud of our team's involvement in another oil and gas industry first, the deployment of a fully electric well service rig. Oxy and Axis Energy Services deployed the first of its kind rig into our Permian Basin operations. Expanding electrification is integral to Oxy's strategy because it increases operational efficiency, generates cost savings, improves safety and helps reduce our emissions.  
 Our Midstream business significantly outperformed at the high end of our guidance for the first quarter. Outperformance was partly driven by gas marketing optimization across our portfolio where our teams captured value in regional pricing disparities. Warmer than expected weather, combined with various third-party midstream infrastructure maintenance resulted in disjointed prices in some regions. Midstream's first quarter performance demonstrates how our teams realized value from these pricing abnormalities by leveraging Oxy's rich market intelligence along with our product storage and transportation portfolio.  
 Looking back over multiple quarters, our marketing teams have frequently demonstrated the ability to outperform, with our transportation optimization capabilities playing a major role. Over the longer term, we anticipate similar marketing opportunities but we generally exclude those opportunities from our guidance because of the difficulty in predicting events occurrence. Not only does our Midstream business provide us with flow assurance for our marketed products, it also offers great diversification during periods of commodity price volatility as we saw in early 2024.  
 Along with being one of the top performers for the products is manufactures, OxyChem is a consistent cash flow diversifier within our business, due in part to its renowned focus on operational efficiency. During the first quarter, OxyChem benefited from improved demand from our marketed products, including PVC and vinyl chloride as well as lower ethylene cost. This performance demonstrates how our diversified asset portfolio is well positioned to deliver financial results for our shareholders throughout the commodity cycle.  
 In prior calls, we have reiterated our drive to increase value for our investors on an absolute and per share basis through cash flow and earnings growth. Today, I'd like to provide an update on the specific projects that we mentioned in our last quarterly call.  Some aspects of the OxyChem plant enhancement projects are complete but there is more to be done, including the Battleground project where the team held a groundbreaking ceremony on April 4, to kickoff the site work. Employees, contractors, community partners, city leaders and elected officials attended in support of the project. The completion of the OxyChem projects and reductions in crude oil and transportation rates from the Permian to the Gulf Coast are expected to deliver incremental cash flow of approximately $725 million per year.  
 In our Midstream business, we expect that our ownership stake in Western Midstream or West, will also enhance our financial results. In February, West announced an increase of over 50% to their distribution. Based on the current distribution, we anticipate that West will contribute over $240 million of additional cash flow per year to Oxy. Additionally, we intend to increase free cash flow by repaying debt as it matures. Repayment of existing debt maturities through 2026 will result in approximately $180 million of annualized incremental cash flow from interest savings that can then be applied to further strengthen our balance sheet.  
 Overall, we expect more than $1 billion of cash flow improvements that are independent of commodities' cycles. That figure does not include our oil and gas business, which is also poised for continued financial success.  As most of you know, at the end of last year, we entered into an agreement to strategically enhance our Midland Basin portfolio with the acquisition of CrownRock. The free cash flow accretion and portfolio high grading to be enabled by the CrownRock acquisition are expected to provide the potential for equity appreciation and acceleration of our shareholder return priorities.  
 In our low carbon ventures businesses, we expect to generate cash flow detached from oil and gas price volatility and further strengthen Oxy's cash flow resiliency. Construction of our first direct air capture plant, STRATOS, is advancing on schedule. And during the first quarter, we were pleased to announce a multitude of carbon dioxide removal credit agreements with customers across a variety of sectors. Throughout Oxy's portfolio, we are focused on expanding resilient cash flow and enhancing shareholder value for decades to come. 
 I will now hand the call over to Sunil, who will cover our financial results and guidance. 
Sunil Mathew: Thank you, Vicki. In the first quarter of 2024, we generated an adjusted profit of $0.63 per diluted share and a reported profit of $0.75 per diluted share. The difference between adjusted and reported profit was primarily driven by our litigation settlement gain related to the Andes arbitration and gains on sales included in equity income, partially offset by derivative losses. 
 We exited the first quarter with nearly $1.3 billion of unrestricted cash. We had a negative working capital change, which is typical for the first quarter and is largely due to semiannual interest payments on our debt, annual property tax payments and payments under our compensation plans. During the first quarter, we delivered over $700 million of free cash flow before working capital despite third-party outage impacts to portions of our oily high-margin production in the Gulf of Mexico. First quarter free cash flow was underpinned by outperformance in our onshore domestic portfolio and our Midstream and OxyChem segments. 
 Looking ahead to the second quarter, total company production is expected to increase to a range of 1.23 million to 1.27 million BOE per day compared to the first quarter annual low of 1.17 million BOE per day. The midpoint of second quarter production guidance will be the highest quarterly production in over 3 years.  The production increase is mainly due to U.S. onshore activity levels, the completion of annual plant maintenance at Dolphin and the return of production in mid-April from the Gulf of Mexico outage.  Our second quarter Gulf of Mexico production guidance includes third-party outage impacts in April as well as plant maintenance in the Central Gulf of Mexico. 
 Though we revised full year Gulf of Mexico production guidance down, as a result of the extended outage, it is fully offset by outperformance in the Rockies and we are maintaining our total company production guidance for the year. The modified production mix is expected to impact annual total company oil cut. 
 We had a strong start to 2024 in our chemicals business and anticipate modest price improvements during the second quarter, combined with higher volumes as we exit the usual period of seasonal subdued demand. Though lower gas prices are unfavorable elsewhere in our portfolio, OxyChem benefits from reduced energy costs and our midstream teams are well positioned to capitalize on the gas marketing opportunities that Vicki highlighted. Solid outperformance has enabled us to raise Midstream's full year guidance range by $110 million. 
 Oxy's first quarter performance demonstrates the benefits of our differentiated portfolio. Our diversified assets and distinguished operational capabilities offer our shareholders' cash flow resiliency throughout the commodities cycle.  In terms of capital spending, our first quarter results were in alignment with the 2024 business plan and the capital program that is weighted towards the first half of the year. 
 On the last earnings call, we stated that approximately 40% of Rockies capital for the year is associated with drilled and uncompleted wells, or DUCs, carried in from 2023. We intend to continue -- completing these wells and reduce DUC inventory through the first half of the year. Similarly, Permian capital is weighted towards the first half of the year due to working interest variability and the desire to high grade rigs and increased utilization rates into the second half of the year. This U.S. onshore capital profile, combined with Battleground ramp-up, is expected to result in second quarter being the highest quarterly capital for the year. 
 I would like to close today by touching on the CrownRock acquisition. Our teams are working constructively with the FTC and we anticipate that the transaction will close in the third quarter of this year. As a reminder, Oxy will benefit from CrownRock's activity between the transaction's January 1, 2024, effective date and close, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. 
 Concurrent with the CrownRock acquisition, we announced a $4.5 billion to $6 billion divestiture program to be completed within 18 months of the transactions close. The high-quality assets within our portfolio have garnered much interest and our teams have commenced the early stages of the divestiture process. Sales proceeds will be applied to deleveraging until we reduce our principal debt to $15 billion or below. 
 The near-term cash flow enhancements that Vicki highlighted are expected to deliver significant free cash flow growth per diluted share for our common shareholders and to enable us to accelerate the achievement of our debt target. After our debt target is met, we intend to resume our share repurchase program and provide even greater value per common share. As we have discussed on today's call, we are well positioned to build on a strong first quarter of 2024 and deliver a differentiated long-term value proposition to our shareholders. 
 I will now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Sunil. Before we move to Q&A, I want to tell you about a milestone our team celebrated last quarter. Oxy began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on March 3, 1964. On that day, our operations consisted of 252 oil and gas wells in 6 states. Today, we're an international energy, chemicals and carbon management company with the best portfolio in our history. But I believe that Oxy's employees are a true differentiator. Their expertise and drive to outperform continue to stretch the limits of what is achievable in our industry. Our employees are hard at work executing our strategy through superior operations and best-in-class assets. Their efforts result in long-term shareholder value and I look forward to showcasing more of their achievements on future calls. 
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
 And as a reminder, as Jordan mentioned, Richard Jackson and Ken Dillon are with us today for the Q&A session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. 
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you and good afternoon. I'd like to -- if we could maybe just dig in a little bit more on the Permian outlook here, probably including the Rockies, maybe let's just call it the Lower 48. If we look at the CapEx and then we look at the forecast for the full year, I'm just a little curious why you didn't get a little more optimistic about total volumes? And I recognize that within the year-over-year changes, we're looking at a little more EOR, maybe a little less shale wells. And I was wondering if that's part of the difference we're seeing or maybe why we don't see production raised as well? 
Vicki Hollub: Richard? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Thanks, Roger. Appreciate the question. I mean clearly, very pleased with our first quarter results coming out of the -- both the Rockies and the Permian. Both had [indiscernible] on the quarter, with Permian looking good on several fronts. I'll focus there first. I guess, a couple of things just to kind of anchor the year on. As we think about going from first quarter to the second quarter, which Sunil mentioned, quite a big step up in terms of production but even looking at first half versus second half in the Permian, the implied increase is about 18,000 barrels a day first half to second half and we're doing that while reducing rigs for -- in the Permian. 
 So we're getting more with less in terms of how we think about activity. Some of that plays through on the capital, as you mentioned, as we're a bit front-load heavy, both on rigs but also facilities as we're front-loading the facilities in the first half of the year to take on that production increase starting next quarter. 
 The good news is, things are performing well. And so when you look at the year and you think about the trajectory we're going on with things that are meaningful to our business, we highlight the new well production, not only the primary zones, which we've highlighted over the last couple of years but now, especially this quarter, we really wanted to highlight the success of the secondary benches that play a meaningful role in our portfolio for the year. 
 The other thing that we don't talk enough about is base decline. And so if you look at our Permian resources this year, we're improving. Our base declined from last year about 4% to 5%. That's around 15,000 barrels a day. And so that's really come through not only better wells but a lot better operations. Our uptime is improving 1% to 2% in places like the Delaware. And so I think, as we thought about full year guidance, we certainly appreciated the results in the first quarter but we wanted to see how this plays out over the steep production increase over the next couple of quarters but look forward to updating our milestones and progress through that.
 The last thing I would just say is, behind that, as you think about capital, we are seeing capital efficiency. So we highlighted some of the well cost improvements, both in the Rockies and the Permian. I'm very pleased with our team's progress there. That's being done through strong approaches with our service companies but also through well design changes, which we noted. And so as we put that together, we look at this total year production versus capital, our capital intensity this year has improved over last year, which is the goal. So what we're spending, dollars, millions of dollars per production added -- has improved year-on-year and we'll stay focused on that. So look forward to more updates as we go through this year to kind of help put that piece together for our total year outlook. 
Roger Read: Okay, appreciate that. I guess the other question I had just -- you talked about it on the intro there, Vicki but the performance of the midstream, how much of that is something that we ought to think about as we're going to go forward over the next 1.5 years, 2 years? We'll have another period where we're probably constrained on being able to move oil and gas out of the basin just maybe a way to think about other opportunities coming forward for you all to capture a little bit better? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, for us, it's not really -- we don't have an issue moving oil or gas out of the Permian Basin. And in fact, some of the things, the positive impacts for our midstream performance are due to the fact that, from a gas perspective, we have capacity elsewhere so that we can move molecules around too and trade molecules. And we have ways to get gas to California and to other markets. So from a gas marketing perspective, we're in really good shape and take away capacity in good shape there. 
 Oil, we're also in good shape. We have overcapacity now to get barrels out of the Permian. So when we talk about fluctuations in the Midstream business with respect to crude marketing, normally that -- some of that's associated with picking up the third-party barrels that are associated with the capacity that we need to fill with incremental barrels above and beyond our current production. So that's the volatility mostly in the Midstream business, that, along with the gas marketing, does cause volatility. 
 But normally, that volatility is [indiscernible] the upside for us because of the fact that, as I just mentioned, we have the capability to move things around and to take advantage of situations that -- where others are disadvantaged. So while with Waha and the situation that it's in now, our upstream realizations are lower but our Midstream business is able to capture opportunity to offset that. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: Vicki, or maybe, this is for Rich, in there you were -- you're talking about the secondary branches, I think there's the Bone Spring. Is it -- why spread too far your entire operation or specifically in certain countries? Is there any kind of characteristic that you can see in terms of the pattern that will lead to this very strong performance wells from those branches for that -- those area? So we're trying to understand that, I mean how important it is to your overall operation or your overall inventory level?
 And secondly, that your DJ has been performing really well, has been, I think, beating your own guidance for a number of quarters actually, I mean, at least for, say, 7 or 8 quarters already. So from that standpoint, is your current estimate maybe a little bit conservative that for the remaining of the year in the DJ? And also that, I mean, what are the primary reasons for the outperformance there? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Thanks, Paul. I'll start in the Permian and get to the Rockies. I think what -- the way we describe sort of our approach to primary benches and then it's turned into our secondary benches is really unique by area. And so we spend a lot of time and we've talked about it in the past, really focused on the subsurface aspects, both from a geologic perspective and then as you think about it over time, from a reservoir perspective. And so I think as we've continued to delineate and be more broad in terms of the zones that we put together in areas, we focus on how do we put these wells in space together in the subsurface to optimize that recovery. 
 And, of course, your stimulation design and these other factors play an important role. So I don't think it's unique by area. I think it's the same approach that we've delivered in terms of the Midland Basin with the success we've had in the Barnett, what we're doing in the Delaware Basin, whether it's upper Bone Springs or deeper Wolfcamp. 
 And I think, as we think about the Rockies, the same sort of approach there. In terms of the Rockies, they've had great performance over the last really year plus. And a lot of that started with the subsurface approach where we really spent time thinking about how do we approach lateral length spacing, stimulation intensity and I think a lot of the early gains we were seeing there. I think what we're seeing today is a lot more operational. We talk about how do we draw these wells down. So early time flow back and then longer term. And what we're seeing is really improvements in both. 
 So in the early time performance, it's really having the facilities and the emissions handling to do that, not only at a correct rate but to handle the emissions. And then long term, we've talked about the base recovery with things like our plunger lift assist, kind of AI. And so these types of things are really what delivered the overperformance. I wish I could say it was conservative. I just think they've improved so much. 
 When you're improving better than 20% year-on-year, that's sometimes tough to outlook. But I think they've gotten more mature in terms of some of these advancements over the last year and I think we've done a lot better job sort of narrowing the uncertainty of those outlooks. But all the teams are still on the hook to outperform this year. We're optimistic, like I answered earlier, in terms of what we're doing in the Permian as well. So I appreciate the question and hopefully, that helps. 
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: My first question is just around noncore asset sales, recognizing we still have some time before the deal closes. But I would imagine you continue to have conversations around the divestments. And so just curious what your perspective is on the market right now and your confidence in the achievability of up to the $6 billion of noncore asset sales that many have anchored to? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. It's -- there's a lot of incoming interest. Once we announced that we were going to divest between $4.5 billion and $6 billion, Sunil started getting a lot of phone calls and letters. And so the interest is there and it's very high interest. And what we're hoping and expecting is that, that high level of interest translates into appropriate levels of offers for the things that we might consider selling. But it all comes down to valuation and that's going to make the difference for us because we do have options and as you know, lots of acreage. So we're going to make the best value decision that we can. But we don't see that there would be any impediments barring something that we haven't foreseen that would cause us to have issues with our divestitures. 
Neil Mehta: And the follow-up is just your perspective on -- sorry, please Sunil. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. What we were going to do is just for those that haven't heard, Sunil is going to go through the kind of what we think about with respect to divestitures, just to give those who might be listening get an idea of what we're looking at. 
Sunil Mathew: Yes. So as we have said previously, we are evaluating our portfolio, the high-graded portfolio and identifying what are the assets that does not fit in our development plan -- in our near-term development plan and -- but that could be attractive to other companies. So what is the strategic fit of that asset in this high-graded portfolio? And like Vicki mentioned, what is the value that we can get? And can we potentially accelerate the value by monetizing this asset? So like Vicki said, we're getting a lot of inbounds even before the announcement and a lot more after the announcement but this is the criteria that we're using to evaluate, is this an asset that we want to potentially monetize? 
 And going back to your question about $4.5 billion to $6 billion, yes, we are fully committed to achieving the target within 18 months of closing. And between the proceeds from asset sales and organic cash flow we want to get to the $15 billion of principal debt that we have outlined. 
Neil Mehta: That's great perspective. And then the follow-up is just on Battleground. I'd just love your perspective on both the chlorine and caustic soda markets. And how do you think about the outlook there? And once the expansion comes online, do you think that changes the supply-demand dynamics for any of these products? 
Vicki Hollub: Just to go back and look at what OxyChem has been able to do in the last few years. When we think about pricing of PVC and caustic soda this year, we've just come out of an incredible super cycle where, in 2022, we achieved our highest annual earnings ever, our second best earnings in 2021 and our third best in 2023. Now that we're into 2024, prices don't seem to be quite at the bottom. And as we were going through the first quarter, we started to see some strengthening and -- of caustic soda and PVC a little bit. But the reality is that inflation in the United States, along with very weak demand out of China because they're basically overbuilt right now in both commercial and residential housing and buildings, so we don't see China demand getting better anytime soon. But we do believe that beyond this year, getting past our inflationary environment that there was -- there's some certainty around some reduction in inflation. 
 We think the housing market is already primed for growth again. And so if we could get to an inflation level that is conducive for that, we'll certainly see -- start seeing recovery in prices here in the United States. The international market and we do export, so the international market impacts us. And so we'll continue to see some pricing challenges in that market. But ultimately, getting beyond this year and the next 18 months, I do believe that driven by India and other places that we'll see growth in demand again and that we'll start seeing prices going back up. So we're feeling like we're probably at a bottom right now. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Royall with JPMorgan. 
John Royall: So just thinking about the $400 million from midstream contract roll-offs. How much of the better terms baked into those numbers are you modeling that's locked in today versus what you're just kind of expecting? And to the extent [indiscernible], what's your level of confidence in terms of going the other way as we get closer to the roll-offs? 
Vicki Hollub: I'm sorry, could you repeat that question a little bit. We had some disturbance. 
Operator: Mr. Royall, could you pick up, if you're on a speaker phone, pick up the handset by any chance? 
John Royall: Is this better? Can you hear me now? 
Operator: I think that is better. Go ahead Sir, please repeat your question. 
John Royall: Okay, apologies for that, Vicki. So just thinking about the $400 million from midstream contract roll-offs. How much of the better terms baked into those numbers if locked in today versus kind of what you're expecting? And what's your level of confidence that, to the extent if not locked in, that it might not go the other way before you have to renegotiate? 
Vicki Hollub: I have high confidence that we'll achieve the $400 million and some of that we're already seeing today. And I do believe that we wouldn't, trust me, we wouldn't say it if we weren't pretty confident that we'll get it. 
Sunil Mathew: And John, it's this confidence that actually helped us increase our cash flow -- incremental cash flow from $350 million to $400 million. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. 
John Royall: Fair enough. And then apologies if I missed anything on this but I was hoping you could get into the 2Q OpEx guide a little bit, which is somewhat flattish with 1Q despite higher production with the GoM back up. So it looks like a numerator issue and not a denominator issue. Just maybe any color there on the OpEx guide. 
Vicki Hollub: I think the OpEx guide was driven mostly by the impact of the Gulf of Mexico production and the production coming back on. It's -- I don't see any differential there. Do you? 
Sunil Mathew: No, I think that's right. That's -- yes, we're seeing improvement with Gulf of Mexico production coming back. But again, like I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the second quarter does include some impact from the pipeline outage and we also have a planned shutdown in Central Gulf of Mexico. So by the time you get to the third and fourth quarter, you should see an improvement in the operating cost. 
Richard Jackson: Yes, John, just to add to that trajectory. Q1 actuals were at $10.31 for U.S. LOE and we're outlooking $10.10 in the second quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist. 
Neal Dingmann: I think my question is on the -- your Permian D&C plans, particularly around Slide 24, I like what you're showing there. You all suggest, I guess, running about 21 rigs this year on average. This is kind of something you talked about after running -- I think it shows what -- is it 24 in the first quarter? And I'm just wondering trying to get a sense of the cadence, would it just be a sort of typical ramp down. And I'm also wondering if your operational efficiencies continue to be as good as they've been, would you let some rigs go and continue kind of with that production plan? Or would you maybe just ultimately end up producing more? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Perfect. Yes, I appreciate the question. Like I mentioned earlier, the plan is to ramp down just sequentially kind of as we go into the second half of the year. And really, that's been the plan since we boarded and came out. So we are seeing good operational efficiencies. I'd say time to market really in every area is slightly improved. So we'll consider that as we go into the year to just kind of understand how that may accelerate any capital and how we want to respond to that. 
 I would say 1 thing that has played out well, we noted these cost improvements and a couple of things to note. Beyond just operational efficiencies, we are seeing some good outcomes as we work with our service providers like [indiscernible]. And so we've been able to, kind of as we relook and hit that more level wise, let's say, balance and activity in the second half of the year, our utilization is going up about 10% on our frac core. So that's more pumping hours per year and that's both good for us but also good for our frac providers in terms of how they manage their business. 
 And so those types of things are delivering these savings which we think will pace well even with some acceleration in our operational efficiencies. So as the cadence goes this year, we're heavy on D&C to start the year and facilities as well, like I mentioned. And really in that back half of the year, you'll see that capital drop and you'll see the production increase. And so looking forward to that. And then that should set us up at a much more level loaded and optimized pace going into 2025. And so obviously, we'll have options depending on where Vicki wants to take us with our capital program but that's sort of the thinking going into this year and into next. 
Neal Dingmann: That's what I was looking for, Richard. And then Richard, quick follow-up on the Permian for my second. How do you view the typical these days, you're doing great on bulk but your typical Delaware versus Midland well economics? Why I ask is, just looking at the curves you all show on Slides 25 and 29, which is again, I think [indiscernible]. I think you're showing around 450,000 BOE in the Del after a year versus around 250,000  BOE in the Midland, which again, knowing that they're cheaper wells, just wondering maybe in broad strokes, how you think about the difference in the economics? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I mean, you're saying it right. I mean, I think -- and it's the same way we think about these primary and secondary benches, even in the Delaware, the cost matters. And it's not only the drilling and completion costs, you can look at a little bit shallower, a little bit different drilling in the Midland Basin leading to lower drilling and completion costs. Same for the secondary benches in the Delaware to get a little shallower into the Bone Springs, they're cheaper. And so it's certainly, you see it play through on the D&C. But the way the team's put together their development areas, they think about the impacts on facility costs. So one of the examples, I know we had reviewed here recently, we had some shallower Bone Spring wells that came on, I think, about 3 years after we drilled the Wolfcamp wells. And the returns for those secondary wells, even with lower production, was about double the primary. And that was because we were able to reutilize these production facilities. 
 And so that timing of how you put that production together can make a tremendous impact on the improvement of the economics. And so as you think about it in basins, we do the same thing. The advantages of being more balanced in the Midland Basin allows us to optimize all these facility costs, maintenance costs, all these things to make sure we're getting the most production per dollar spent, not just capital but even OpEx. So appreciate the question and that's absolutely how we look at balancing the capital, looking for that full cycle return forward. 
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. 
Scott Gruber: Staying on the topic of the Permian. Can you provide some color on what's included in the Permian unconventional inventory count when it comes to the secondary benches in the Bone Springs? And how does your success potentially push the inventory count higher? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I'll just, maybe give you some perspective on how we're thinking about our inventory in general in terms of how that's going and I can address some of the Bone Spring. So the last couple of years, we've been able to more than replace the wells drilled with improvements in inventory, which come in 2 buckets. One is appraisal activity, which I'll give you a little color on in terms of Bone Spring to your question but also production improvement and cost reduction. So both of those things, not only add inventory but they move it, we call it to the left, that gets us to less than $60, less than $50 and then ultimately what we're going for less than $40 breakeven inventory. 
 And so as we think about, this year in the unconventional, we had a target of around adding 450 wells in the unconventional less than $50 breakeven. A bulk of that will come from -- we highlighted, one of the highlights we had was this third Bone Spring target that we had on the slide highlighting the 4 wells with greater than 780 MBOE or MBO. Those will add a bulk of our improvement this year in terms of that promotion of inventory. And so when I look at, even in the first quarter, just to give you some color, so we're aiming for this 450, in the first quarter we had 90 adds less than $50 breakeven. That came, about half of that, from the Bone Spring wells that I mentioned but we're also getting things out of New Mexico and some of the shallower Bone Spring there. 
 And so it's not only what we're drilling today, which is going up in terms of secondary benches as a percentage of our total drilled wells in the year but it's really adding that low-cost inventory in the future. And so a lot of times, we'll get the so what of this inventory and that's really it. It's being able to extend this low-cost capital intensity as we prosecute our plan over the next few years. 
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then how do you think about potentially codeveloping some of the Bone Springs, along with the core Wolfcamp? Or you're mainly looking at coming back and hitting those zones, leveraging the installed infrastructure as you mentioned? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I think -- I mean that's a big part of, I'd say the next few years, is really optimizing how we put that together. Obviously, in the Midland, we do a lot more what we call co-development where you're doing these zones at the same time. One of the benefits in the Delaware is being able to sequence them, have a little bit more precision because of the frac barriers. So we don't have to think about more of the [ cube ] or co-development opportunities, which gives us a great opportunity to really maximize the savings we get from reusing these facilities, like I described. 
 So last year, I think we were around 20% secondary benches in the Delaware. This year, we're north of 30%. So you can see that sort of opportunity becoming more prominent in terms of our development plans. 
Operator: The next question comes from Nitin Kumar with Mizuho. 
Nitin Kumar: I just want to start on CrownRock quickly. You mentioned that you're still on track to close the deal in the third quarter. When we announced the deal, you had talked about 170,000 BOE per day of production from CrownRock. Just wanted to see if you could revisit that and see how things are trending there as you are getting closer to the close? 
Vicki Hollub: We don't really have any update on the -- either the production or any of the other metrics from CrownRock, just what we've provided previously. We'll probably provide -- we'll definitely provide an update when we have our next quarterly meeting. Because by that time, I believe, we will have closed, maybe not but it's going to be certainly sometime in the third quarter. 
Nitin Kumar: Great. I thought I'd take a shot. And just -- there's been some movement in Colorado around SB24, which requires a production fee on producers. Want to see what that would look like for Oxy? You're a big producer in the state and sort of what your thoughts are around that initiative? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I think that the agreement that was reached in Colorado was a win-win for both the people of Colorado and the investments -- the investors in Colorado. So we feel that paying the fee and along with paying the fee to have taken away some bills and some potential ballot measures that would have severely restricted what the oil and gas industry could do that when you take that together, all together, it provides a scenario for the governor and the government of Colorado to do something positive with the fees that will be collected. So we view this to be not overly burdensome for our operations. We think it's actually going to be a doable scenario for us as we work towards some of the other things that will come along with this, which is working more on doing things that impact and help to reduce the impact on the ozone layer, as well as doing some things that will help from an environmental justice standpoint. 
 So it's a full package deal. It's not just a fee. And putting all that together, it's a good deal. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen. 
David Deckelbaum: I wanted to ask for a little bit more color just on the guide just so I'm clear on how numbers are progressing this year. The impact from the Gulf of Mexico, is that exclusively what's contributing to the 100-basis point reduction in oil cut this year? Are you seeing some contribution from some gassier zones and some other of your core assets or perhaps the impact of the PSE in areas like Algeria? 
Vicki Hollub: No, it was almost entirely due to the Gulf of Mexico shutdown. There's really nothing else trending differently that we have in our portfolio. 
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate that. And then maybe just a follow-up on the discussion around deleveraging and noncore asset sales. It sounds like on this call, you might be emphasizing more the cash flow returns that you would be otherwise receiving from some of these assets that maybe the market has flagged as divestiture candidates. Is that the intention here in signaling that you intend to delever more organically in that noncore asset sales either theoretically would be higher in dollar value to reflect that cash flow contribution or might take longer to materialize? 
Vicki Hollub: I don't think that's what we intended to say. That was not the message we intended to give. When we talk about the fact that we will evaluate everything from a value perspective, what we want to do is just ensure that we're making the right decisions and divestitures of noncore areas is something that we want to do. And we believe that based on the interest that we're seeing that we should be able to achieve. 
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. 
Vicki Hollub: I'd just like to thank you all for your questions and for joining our call. Have a great rest of your day. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-15 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Occidental's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Jordan Tanner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jordan Tanner: Thank you, Gary. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's Fourth Quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Sunil Mathew, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Richard Jackson, President, Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and carbon management; and Ken Dillon, Senior Vice President and President, International Oil and Gas Operations.  
 This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon.  
 We'll also reference a few non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in the schedules for our earnings release and on our website. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jordan, and good afternoon, everyone. 2023 was a great year for us, thanks to the performance of all of our teams in Oxy. I'm going to start by discussing our financial performance, operational excellence and our strategic advancements in 2023, then I'll review our capital plans for 2024. [indiscernible] continue to position us to deliver sustainable and growing returns for our shareholders through our premier asset portfolio, advanced technology and robust commercial runway. First, I'll begin by reviewing our financial performance in 2023.  
 Last year, our talented and committed teams across the company applied advanced technical expertise, operating skills, leading-edge technologies and innovation to our exceptional portfolio, and they delivered results, $5.5 billion in free cash flow, which enabled us to pay $600 million of common dividend, repurchased $1.8 billion of common shares and redeemed $1.5 billion of preferred shares, while also investing $6.2 billion back into the business.  
 Next, I'll comment on our operational excellence in 2023. Last year, our production in our global oil and gas business exceeded the midpoint of our original full year production guidance by 43,000 BOE per day. This was driven by record new well productivity rates across our domestic assets in the Delaware, Midland and DJ Basins, and internationally by record production from Block 9 in Oman, and in addition, we safely completed the expansion of the Al Hosn plant in the UAE, which also delivered record annual production.  
 Despite negative price revisions, well performance across our portfolio enabled us to achieve an all-in reserves replacement ratio of 137% in 2023, and a 3-year average ratio of 183%. Our track record from prior years of consistently replacing produced barrels continues and added F&D cost that is below our current DD&A rate. At these year-end 2023 worldwide proved reserves increased to 4.0 billion BOE from 3.8 billion BOE in 2022.  
 OxyChem performed exceptionally well in 2023. It exceeded guidance and achieved $1.5 billion in pretax income for the third time in its history, due largely to lower energy cost and an efficient planned turnaround at our Ingleside plant, even as product markets soften compared to 2022. In addition, construction on STRATOS, our first direct air capture facility, is progressing on schedule to be commercially operational in mid-2025.  
 The fourth quarter of 2023 was an exciting way to conclude a successful year. In oil and gas, we delivered our highest quarterly production in over 3 years, and outperformed the midpoint of our production guidance despite a third-party interruption in the Gulf of Mexico. 
 Our Rockies business outperformed in the fourth quarter, that's consistent with its year-long trends. Innovative artificial lift technology continued to maximize base production. Well design optimization in the DJ Basin that we presented in our second quarter earnings call contributed to a 32% productivity improvement from 2022. 
 We also continued to deliver robust well performance in the Permian Basin, where our Delaware teams drove results to the high end of the Permian's fourth quarter production guidance. Our top spot well, which we also discussed in our second quarter earnings call, continued its strong performance trajectory and delivered the highest 6-month cumulative production of any horizontal well ever in the New Mexico Delaware Basin. In fact, Oxy has drilled 8 of the top 10 horizontal wells of all time across the entire Delaware based on this production metric, and 3 of those wells came online last year.
 Since mid-2022, our teams outperformed the Delaware Basin industry average 12-month cumulative oil production by nearly 50%. Our team aims to extend our leadership in the New Mexico Delaware Basin this year.
 A significant portion of the 2024 Delaware program will develop the same horizon as the record top spot well. Further south in the Texas Delaware Basin, our teams continue to deliver success with a couple of notable appraisal wells in the 2nd Bone Spring and 3rd Bone Spring line. These wells drove incredibly early time volumes, and accordingly, we secured additional capital in our 2024 Delaware program. Our appraisal programs are positioning us for success by adding horizons in the Delaware Basin and moving Tier 2 and Tier 3 wells to Tier 1. But we're also improving our current Tier 1 intervals, for example, with our top spot well.
 Outside the Delaware Basin, we're also making strides in some of the basins that we expect will begin to play a more consequential role. In the Midland Basin, technical excellence, including the basin-leading Barnett wells, drove a 1-year cumulative improvement in well productivity of over 30% compared to the prior year. In the Powder River Basin, Oxy set Wyoming state initial production and early cumulative production pad record of 1.5 million barrels of oil produced in only about 7 months.
 As we highlighted, our unconventional technical teams continue to expand and improve inventory across all of U.S. onshore basins. While our subsurface modeling, innovative well designs and enhanced artificial lift technology have driven improvements in well recovery, new well designs have also resulted in record drilling times for both 2- and 3-mile Texas Delaware Basin laterals. Similarly, in the Powder River Basin, our teams drilled an average 1,650 feet per day, and we drilled a 10,000-foot well in only 11 days, both achieving Oxy basin records.
 Our successes are not limited to our onshore U.S. portfolio. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we are continuing to leverage technology to drive even stronger production results. In our subsea pumping system on the K2 field achieved first lift 4 months ahead of schedule. This is Oxy's first deployment of this technology in deepwater. We expect to unlock future production enhancement opportunities and longer distance subsea tiebacks.  
 Next, I'll shift to discussing how we advanced our strategy last year. In 2023, we high-graded our oil and gas portfolio, launched the expansion of our OxyChem Battleground facility and announced strategic commercial transactions that we expect will deliver sustainable multiyear value to our shareholders. These steps strengthened our portfolio and make it unique in our industry. We have high-quality, short-cycle, high-return oil and gas shale development in the U.S. along with conventional lower decline oil and gas development in Permian EOR, [ Nigam ], Oman, Algeria and Abu Dhabi. These developments are complemented by our strong and stable cash flow from our chemicals business and the cash flow and carbon reduction we expect our low carbon ventures to provide in the future.  
 In addition to high grading our oil and gas portfolio through organic development and appraisal work last year, we also announced the strategic acquisition of CrownRock, which will add high-margin, low-breakeven inventory, while increasing free cash flow per diluted share. The incremental cash flow will support our cash flow priority of delivering a sustainable and growing dividend, along with deleveraging and share repurchases after reducing the principal debt to $15 billion.
 We are working constructively with the FTC in its review of the transaction and expect to receive regulatory approval and close in the second half of this year. The capital plan we will review in a moment excludes CrownRock because we'll continue to operate as to 2 separate companies until we obtain regulatory approval and close the acquisition. 
 In our LCV business, we completed many pivotal transactions that provided technology advancement, third-party capital, revenue certainty and commercial optionality. We closed the acquisition of direct air capture technology innovative Carbon Engineering last quarter. This was a landmark achievement in our direct air capture development path. We're excited also about our STRATOS joint venture with BlackRock, which we believe demonstrates the DAC is becoming an investable asset for world-class financial institutions.  
 In addition, our teams signed on several more flagship carbon dioxide renewable credit customers.  
 Now I'd like to reiterate our cash flow priorities and discuss our capital plans for 2024. On our December call, we discussed how we will focus on our cash flow and shareholder return priorities in 2024 on dividend growth, debt reduction and the capital allocation program that generates strong free cash flow throughout the commodity cycle. As we discussed regarding CrownRock, we intend to complete at least $4.5 billion in debt repayments for both pro forma cash flow and proceeds from the divestiture program. We intend to prioritize debt reduction until we achieve a principal debt balance of $15 billion or below, including repaying debt as it matures.
 As a result of the acquisition, we expect to strengthen our balance sheet, improve our resilience and lower commodity price environments and free up cash from interest payments to support future sustainable dividend growth and share repurchases. Every year, we designed our capital plan to support our strategic initiatives via projects that maximize our returns and best position Oxy to deliver long-term and resilient returns to our shareholders.
 Our 2024 capital plan continues a bifurcated investment approach that balances short-cycle, high-margin investments with measured longer-cycle cash flow growth investments. 
 In 2024, we plan to invest $5.8 billion to $6 billion in our energy and chemicals businesses, resulting in slightly less capital for our unconventional assets this year. However, we expect our unconventional assets to return more cash to the business, and we continue to expect year-over-year production growth and continued success across our premier unconventional portfolio, including some of the emerging horizons.
 We intend to complement our unconventional exposure with increases to our mid-cycle investments, including lower decline conventional reservoirs, which are expected to drive longer cycle cash flow resiliency. Our 2024 mid-cycle capital investments will position us to continue the exciting projects that we started last year.
 Investments in OxyChem are expected to increase this year as progress continues on the battleground expansion and the plant enhancement project. We also added a second drillship in the Gulf of Mexico to support what we believe could become a future growth asset for Oxy. Lower decline oil production from our enhanced oil recovery, or EOR, is an important part of our long-term strategy. This year, we're investing in gas processing expansions for our Permian EOR business that supports longer-term growth in many of our core CO2 [indiscernible]. 
 Our EOR business will continue to be a key part of our future oil and gas development as we believe that carbon dioxide captured by direct air capture facilities is a sustainable way to develop the 2 billion barrels of potentially recoverable oil remaining in our Permian EOR operations.
 In our emerging low-carbon businesses, much of Oxy's planned $600 million 2024 investment will be directed to STRATOS. We have also allocated capital to continue preparations for a second direct air capture and sequestration held in South Texas, along with subsurface and well permitting investments needed at our Gulf Coast sequestration hubs. 
 Capital received from financial partners for our LCV businesses will add to our $600 million investment. This includes capital contributions from our joint venture partner, BlackRock, for STRATOS. BlackRock investment totaled $100 million in 2023, and we expect that figure will increase in 2024.  
 We're making great progress towards advancing our net zero pathway as we develop direct air capture and other exciting technologies. We see tremendous potential in LCV to increase Oxy's cash flow resilience and generate solid long-term returns for our shareholders.
 I'll now turn the call over to Sunil for a review of our fourth quarter financial results and 2021 guidance. 
Sunil Mathew: Thank you, Vicki. I will begin today by reviewing our fourth quarter results. We announced an adjusted profit of $0.74 per diluted share, and a reported profit of $1.08 per diluted share, with the difference between adjusted and reported profit primarily driven by the after-tax fair value gain related to the acquisition of Carbon Engineering. 
 Our teams exceeded the midpoint of guidance across all 3 business segments during the fourth quarter, and we delivered outstanding operational performance. Higher-than-expected production in our domestic onshore and international assets enabled us to overcome production losses caused by an unplanned third-party outage in the Eastern Gulf of Mexico.  
 This outage led to a lower-than-expected company-wide oil cut and a higher-than-anticipated domestic operating cost per BOE. It is also expected to impact production into early next month and is reflected in the guidance that I will soon cover. 
 We had a positive working capital change, primarily due to receipt of the environmental remediation settlement, timing of semiannual interest payments on debt and decreases in commodity prices.  
 We exited the quarter with over $1.4 billion of unrestricted cash.
 Turning now to guidance. Last month, Oxy and CrownRock each received a request from the FTC for additional information related to the acquisition. The FTC's request for additional information will impact the timing of closing, which we expect to occur in the second half of the year. Oxy will receive the benefit of CrownRock's activity between the January 1, 2024 transaction effective date and close, subject to customary purchase price adjustments.
 Additionally, the issuance of senior unsecured notes, funding of the fully committed 4.7 billion term loans and termination of the existing bridge loan facility are expected to be aligned with the transactions closing.  
 In 2024, we expect full year production to average 1.25 million BOE per day, representing low single-digit growth from 2023, with the Rockies and Al Hosn driving production growth. As Vicki mentioned, well design and operational expertise drove production outperformance in the Rockies last year. We anticipate that these results will continue in 2024 with a steadier run rate of wells coming online compared to the first quarter of last year when we have recently ramped up rig activity.
 Permian production is expected to remain largely flat, with Permian unconventional capital decreasing by approximately 10% compared to the prior year. Internationally, we anticipate continued higher production at Al Hosn following last year's plant expansion.
 Total company production guidance in the first quarter reflects a low point for 2024, with a significant step-up expected in the remainder of the year. The expected first quarter decrease in production is primarily driven by the relatively lower activity levels and working interest in the Permian Basin in last year's fourth quarter. 
 January winter storm impacts of approximately 8,000 BOE per day in our domestic onshore assets, annual plant maintenance at Dolphin and the Gulf of Mexico unplanned downtime event. Domestic operating costs on a BOE basis in 2024 are expected to decrease due to reduced maintenance in the Gulf of Mexico and improved lifting costs in the DJ Basin.
 Moving on to chemicals. In 2023, OxyChem generated pretax income nearly matching its second highest year ever. This year, we are guiding to a midpoint of $1.1 billion of pretax income. This year's full year guidance is close to the fourth best year ever for the chemicals segment despite potential challenging market conditions. We expect that our first quarter OxyChem results will be largely flat from the prior quarter. Our guidance for Q1 reflects the combination of PVC price erosion, largely associated with contract adjustments in Q4. Typical seasonal subdued demand in both PVC and caustic and export pricing pressure on caustic from China. Our guidance assumes that in Q1, we have reached the bottom of the cycle with more stabilized prices.  
 I would like to close today by looking beyond 2024 to highlight several catalysts that we expect will enhance our financial trajectory in the coming years. Our midstream business is well positioned to benefit from a reduction in crude oil and transportation rates from the Permian to the Gulf Coast by the end of the third quarter of 2025. We expect annualized savings from these rate reductions of $300 million to $400 million, with approximately 40% of the savings starting in 2025, and the full annual savings anticipated in 2026. 
 The OxyChem Battleground and plant enhancement projects are expected to generate incremental benefits to EBITDA of $300 million to $400 million per year once complete.
 In combination, these improvements to midstream and chemicals are expected to deliver an incremental annualized run rate EBITDA of $600 million to $800 million. As Vicki discussed, we also expect the planned mid-cycle investments in our conventional Gulf of Mexico and Permian EOR assets to provide cash flow resiliency through lower decline conventional production.  
 As we continue to execute on high grading our premier portfolio, we are committed to meeting our deleveraging targets that I outlined in December. We believe that our strengthened balance sheet and Oxy's premium portfolio will enable future increases to our common dividend and rebalance enterprise value in favor of our common shareholders. Our teams are focused on extending Oxy's track record of operational excellence and solid execution on our path to delivering, growing and sustainable shareholder returns over the long term.
 I will now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Sunil. 2023 was a significant year for Oxy on both operational and commercial fronts. Our teams skillfully navigated through the dynamics, and I want to recognize our employee's ingenuity and hard work, their efforts generated the exciting achievements we covered today as well as the great progress that is underway to position us for a successful 2024. 
 With that, we'd like to open the call for questions. Jordan mentioned earlier that Richard Jackson and Ken Dillon are also on the call, and they will participate in the Q&A session. We'll now take your calls. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: My question is just really around deleveraging. And so you talked about this in the opening comments, but just talk about the path to getting the balance sheet to where you want to be post the CrownRock acquisition, and how are you seeing the asset sale market playing out here and enabling you to get that debt lower? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, as you noted, by virtue of all the M&A that's happening, there's a lot of appetite for companies to try to get into the Permian. And we do have properties in the Permian that are not core to us, but could be core to others, and some of it is where they're placed in the Permian geographically and how they're not as cored up as some of our key areas. So the divestitures, I believe, will go well. What we won't do though is we've decided not to make any divestitures until we close the CrownRock acquisition. And then we'll start a proactive process more aggressively at that point. 
Neil Mehta: That's great, Vicki. And then on the Gulf of Mexico, the Q1 guide of $107 million to $115 million, but the balance of the year, $133 million to $141 million. I'm guessing a lot of that's around the pipeline outage. Can you just give us a sense of what are the gating factors to get that asset back online, and how we should be thinking about the cadence of production over the course of the year? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. We're leaving the updates on that to the operator. And so we're not making any comments on that because we're giving them room to get their business done. With respect to the rest of the year, we expect the rest of the year to continue on as normal. And we expect that when we're back up and running, we may get a little bit of flush production from that. And we'll have, hopefully, our target date for getting back up online is pretty close to what we've said. Do you have anything to add? 
Kenneth Dillon: It's Ken here. Maybe I can add a couple of things. So we feeling pretty good about the date. And for example, we're sending our specialist start-up crews offshore tomorrow to finish lining out the facilities for full operations. I think that gives you a feel for where we are in the process. The plants are in great shape. Our operations crews in parallel with the outage carried out our full 2024 turnarounds and also completed our enhancement projects for the year as well. So avoiding outages in 2024 gives us a really good shot. So we're looking forward to it. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you. Appreciate it, Neil. That was timed very well spent. They made use of all the time that they had to do things that we needed to do. 
Operator: The next question is from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. 
Douglas Leggate: I guess the number of Scotts are shrinking, Ken. It's great to hear you on the call after Conoco's latest retirement. So thanks, Vicki, for getting on as well. So I have a couple of questions, if I may. I guess the first one is, I hate to do it, but I want to come back on the disposal question. I realize you don't want to give a lot of detail, but I want to frame it like this. When you had bought Anadarko and you were trying to delever, I seem to recall you had about 25 different packages that were for sale. And of course, you ended up not having to do hardly any of those. I think it was about a dozen or something like that. So it seems to me that you've got a lot of things that you've already scrubbed. So my question is, can you give us some color as to whether there is significant cash flow that would come along with the range of $4.5 billion to $6 billion, without being specific on assets, what's the associated free cash flow number? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, depending on what actually is divested, we can't really give you an estimate of what that is today. Some things are changing in terms of what we're looking at. So I think that it would be very difficult to put the number out there at this point. 
Douglas Leggate: Is it significant? Would you consider it material, Vicki? 
Vicki Hollub: Anything that's material, we wouldn't likely do. We're trying to minimize the cash flow sold to ensure that we can maintain our cash flow. With that said, there will be some cash flow going because it's hard to sell any assets out here that we haven't already at least done appraisal work on to generate some cash flow. 
Douglas Leggate: Okay. My follow-up is on sustaining capital. You've stepped up a little bit to $3.9 billion. But the way we -- what we're trying to figure out is this year's growth is about 2%. You're spending $6.5 billion, of which $1 billion is Battleground and DAC, which gets you to about $5.5 billion. So what I'm trying to figure out is the growth rate of 2% seems to correlate with growth spending of about $1.5 billion. It seems -- the ratio just seems a bit off. Can you help me understand how I should think about that? 
Vicki Hollub: So if you look at our -- what we've said we'll spend in oil and gas is $4.8 billion to $5 billion in 2024. That -- part of that will be spent on, as we mentioned, some of the mid-cycle projects that generate oil production at a later date. That's for example, the Permian EOR, investing in that would generate the oil and gas production from that is about the third year after we started. So that will be a bit delayed. Gulf of Mexico, some of those are also preparing us for the future. 
 So the mid-cycle investments will not impact this year's production. Potentially 2.2% increase will be based on the spending of the [ 4.9 ] if you use the mid-cycle price, less that [ 480 ]. And then when you look at what's being spent in our oil and gas operations minus that amount, you still have some of that going forward facilities. So I think it speaks well to what the teams have done with respect to productivity and getting more out of the wells that we can actually spend what's really less than half that $1 billion that you mentioned on oil and gas activities and then some of that will be for facilities.  
 So we're actually getting a 2% growth rate from some of what we've developed in 2023 flowing over to 2024 and then the high productivity that we're getting out of our developments. 
Douglas Leggate: It's a great answer, Vicki, still the most capital efficient portfolio by miles. 
Vicki Hollub: I know it's really exciting what the teams have done, and thank you for the question. 
Operator: Next question is from John Royall with JPMorgan. 
John Royall: So my first question is on midstream. I think one area that surprised us a bit was the full year midstream guide, you gave some good color on the slides kind of bridging from 4Q to 1Q. But just thinking about bridging the full year. How would you characterize the moving pieces from full year '23 to full year '24? And then maybe what do you think the midstream business can do structurally kind of under mid-cycle conditions, excess $300 million to $400 million savings you've spoken about? 
Sunil Mathew: Yes. So one of the main drivers for the relatively lower guidance for this year is an assumption on the spread for the gas transportation contracts. So last year, we captured several gas transportation capacity optimization opportunities. For example, when the cold weather event occurred in the West Coast in the first quarter. So obviously, we cannot predict this event. So our guidance assumes compressed gas transportation spreads. But when the market does present itself, we are well positioned to capture these opportunities. So that is one of the main factors. 
 The other one is in Al Hosn. We have assumed a lower sulfur pricing for '24 compared to last year. Now sulfur prices are at a near-term low of around $70 per tonne, and that is primarily due to weak Asian fertilizer demand and also sale of built-up sulfur inventories by major regional producers. But based on the market trends, we think -- we see a potential improvement in prices during the second half from demand pickup and also unwinding of the sulfur inventory.  
 And the last thing I would say is, we think this is sort of the low point in terms of the midstream income. We have assumed a narrow spread for the gas transportation for this year. And starting next year, we are also going to start getting the benefit of the 2 crude transportation contracts expiring, like I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So looking forward, the next 3 or 4 years, you should see a significant uplift in our midstream income. 
John Royall: Great. And then maybe just hoping for a little bit of detail on the 700 million BOE of additions to reserves. It's a pretty big number, especially when considering you're adding an acquisition this year. So maybe just some color on the sources of those additions and where they're coming from? 
Vicki Hollub: I think the bulk of the addition is from our Permian Resources business, I think the -- I think just essentially most of it was. We had some revisions from productivity improvements in other areas, but the bulk was from Permian EOR, where I think, Richard, if you look at your reserve replacement ratio, just for onshore, that was pretty significant. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I mean just to add to that. I mean, obviously, the focus, while near term, some of these highlights that we're putting in on the primary benches that we've been developing driving the outperformance on production. But some of the highlights we've been trying to put in the call or some of these secondary benches that are becoming more prevalent in our program. If you look at some of those highlights at a 2nd Bone Spring or the Bone Spring line, you look at that Delaware chart that we've got on [indiscernible] production, highlighting the year-on-year performance in the Delaware, those secondary benches are outperforming our 2023 average. And so those -- as we delineate and develop more of those, that's really driving that reserves in the unconventional.
 EOR continues to do well. Talk in more detail if there's interest, but some of the projects they have going on there to increase capacity in some of our gas processing facilities like in the Seminole, which I think we highlighted, these are also giving us near-term, we call it, operability or it's really the reliability of that production. 
 So some of that incremental investment this year is driving, say, a couple of thousand barrels a day of improved base production, but that's also providing capacity to develop some of those low development cost barrels that Vicki noted as we're able to bring on the CO2 for the future. So that's sort of how we're thinking about the reserve story, and it plays out in near-term outperformance, but the long term is picking it up on reserves as well. 
Vicki Hollub: And I would add the other place where we did add significant reserves is Algeria as a result of the team's work to get all the 18 contracts merged into 1 and then extended. So that was great work done by the Algeria team to add reserves there. But the thing I'm most proud of is, while the bulk of the reserves came from those 2 sources of the Permian and Algeria, and a little bit from the DJ, every business unit we have increased reserves except for Al Hosn where we had already booked quite a bit of reserves because of the modeling [indiscernible] to get that estimate more refined. 
Operator: The next question is from David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen. 
David Deckelbaum: I just wanted to follow up a little just on the prior conversation around EOR. I guess this is being built out in conjunction with some of the anticipated volumes coming from STRATOS. Can you give us a sense what sort of capacity in terms of production relative to where you're at today, you're intending to build out? Or I guess, thought another way, how large do you anticipate the growth rate to be out of the EOR production base over the next 5 to 10 years? 
Vicki Hollub: I would tell you that, over the next 5 to 10 years, it's going to be a significant part of our portfolio development. We have 2 billion barrels of resources remaining to be developed. And we believe that as a result of our direct air capture facilities that we ultimately will build to get CO2 out of the atmosphere, it's going to be the most sustainable barrels in the world. It's going to be a resource that the world needs to get -- to leave 30% or 40% of oil in conventional reservoirs and 90% of oil and shale reservoirs is just not acceptable. 
 And for the United States, to continue our energy independence, EOR is going to have to be a part of the equation ultimately. We're getting way ahead of the game here to be sure that we're ready because we do believe that the climate transition would not be affordable for the world without EOR being able to produce net zero carbon barrels of oil.
 So this is a huge part of our strategy and important, not only to our shareholders. It will add value, but to the U.S. and ultimately to other parts of the world. And for the near term, a forecast on what we can do. Richard has some data on that. 
Richard Jackson: Yes, perfect. I'll tie that. I mean one of the attributes we really like around the EOR production that we talk about a lot is the lower decline. And so as we came through the last several years with -- especially to the downturn with lower commodity prices, being able to have that flat, flatter decline, less than 5%, was able to help us maintain a lot of free cash flow. We really started restoration of some of that development last year. 
 And this year, as we go forward, we'll have about 60 wells that we'll bring online, which will add about 4,000 barrels a day of new well production. But the benefit of this EOR and when we talk about mid-cycle, that double next year and triples in the third year. So you really hit your peak production of around 12,000 barrels a day based on that investment today 3 years from now. 
 The other thing I mentioned shortly, but just provide a little more color, the Seminole gas plant expansion, that's about 85 million a day that will add in terms of capacity for about $40 million Again, this year, we'll expect a couple of thousand barrels a day that we'll add in our base production. So if you think about kind of a cash investment intensity, or capital intensity, that's a competitive business we've got in the portfolio. But what it does, to Vicki's point, is we're able to bring on our CO2, anthropogenic CO2 for the future, these are very good return projects. They'll be very competitive in our portfolio, especially given the lower decline.
 And so when we look at just that Seminole, as we look '24 to '28, that's, say, another 15,000 to 20,000 barrels a day type opportunity for minimal capital. And so within sort of the range of capital that we're spending this year in EOR, we're building those sort of wedges with great opportunity to do more as we bring on more CO2. So hopefully, that helps tie the short and long. 
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate the details, Richard. Maybe just sticking with the theme as a follow-up, just -- I think you talked a little bit about some spending is in the budget this year for the second DAC facility, I guess, in Kleberg. Is any part of that sort of progression still contingent on conversations with the DOE? And is -- are you expecting a resolution around finality of funding and grants this year? 
Vicki Hollub: The discussions with the DOE are continuing and going quite well that where we -- the timing of the start of the front-end engineering and design will be dependent on the completion of some of those discussions. And then the discussions will continue beyond that on getting prepared for the start of construction, but there is a time line there that we're working through. 
Richard Jackson: Maybe just a couple of details I'll add since you asked the question on that. A lot of that spend is continuing to build out the subsurface capability for that CO2. Obviously, direct air capture is an anchor for the King Ranch area, but we continue to work on our other Gulf Coast hubs. We've submitted 8 Class 6 and are expected to submit another 10 this year. So just kind of giving you scale of what those -- that type of work has been going there. So going really well. I'm really pleased with the development work on that end and then obviously Carbon Engineering, we've been getting to work more and more with and really happy with the progress that is going through R&D to project work with Ken that will fulfill that development work. 
Operator: The next question is from Roger Read with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Roger Read: I'd like to come back 2 things, please, Vicki. First one on the CrownRock, if there's anything you can kind of offer us on what the FTC is asking you for a second request. And I'll just sort of preface with I understand were some of the more integrated companies, the concern of concentration. I'm a little more surprised in a more upstream-oriented company. So anything you can help us with there? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, some of our teams felt like they'd asked for everything. But I can tell you, our teams are working diligently to work with the team at the FTC to get them all the answers that they need. So it's -- we're progressing and hope to, as we said, be able to close in the second half of this year. 
Roger Read: So they ask for the moon and everything else? 
Vicki Hollub: I did -- well, I didn't see the moon on there, but we're not done yet. 
Roger Read: Fair enough. All right. The other question I had in terms of the capital efficiencies are obviously coming through in the Permian. The regular, let's call it, still modest growth there, but you're increasing the growth rate during 2024 for the Rockies and other part of it. When we had the follow-up calls yesterday, you said part of it was built in some mid-cycle businesses, maybe somewhat lower decline businesses. I was just wondering from a corporate structure, how you make the decision on where to allocate the growth capital here? Like why lean more into the Rockies and the EOR rather than the Permian when we're -- kind of all conditions to thinking of the Permian is among the best returns in the business and, obviously, the performance you've been delivering at the wellhead kind of says, well, why not more capital in the Permian rather than these other opportunities? 
Vicki Hollub: So when you look at it on a corporate level, what we're really trying to do is balance our investments over time so that we can have a sustainable growing dividend. And it -- and we've got this unique balance that I think makes it for us, different than many other companies, and we want to take full advantage of it. And I want to let Richard and Sunil chime in on their views on it because this is a critical part of what differentiates us. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. No, Roger, I appreciate the opportunity. I mean, obviously, we're putting together short term with long term in mind, and the CrownRock acquisition provides a lot of growth, and we've talked about the positive attributes of that being a more mature unconventional development with high margin, 35% decline. It immediately adds, you can think about it from a growth standpoint, a really nice growth wedge this year, both from a free cash flow basis, but also a decline basis. 
 The Rockies, I'll just pick on 1 point there. About 40% of that capital on the Rockies this year has to do with drilled uncompleted wells that carried in from last year. The sort of the cadence of that activity levels we had resumed activity last year, got ahead on the drilling. And then this year really beginning to complete a lot of those wells. So from a capital intensity standpoint, that's very, very low when you look at what we're spending for the amount of production that we're able to add there. 
 Obviously, that's -- we have high margins in the Rockies. We have royalties. There's other things that drive very competitive returns there. And so that DAC count, just as a data point, we'll kind of go from say, mid-60s kind of the fourth quarter last year to more like mid-30s as we balance, and that's allowing us to then actually pull back about half of a net rig in the Rockies to more of a sustainable activity level. 
 So just a little color on the Rockies, so we don't read too much into just 1 year. But maybe Sunil can then pick that up and talk kind of across the company. 
Sunil Mathew: Yes. So when we think about capital allocation in the oil and gas segment, what you're trying to do is we're trying to balance between margin, base decline and capital flexibility. So if you start with cash margin, we start with the U.S. unconventional with high margin, high returns. And based on everything you've heard so far, it's getting better each year. 
 And then you have Gulf of Mexico, which has one of the highest cash margin in our portfolio. And if you look on an incremental basis, it's even higher because a large part of the operating cost is fixed. And then you have international assets, which are mostly production share [indiscernible] where we get a higher share of production at lower prices, and this helps mitigate some of the commodity price risk and protect the overall cash margin.
 So that is from a margin point of view. I mean when you think about base decline, so today, our production, approximately 60% of our production is unconventional. And with Crown Rock, it's going to get to around 65%. So what we are trying to do is balance between the short cycle, high-end decline unconventional, and then the mid-cycle shallower decline conventional investments. 
 And Permian EOR, like Richard said, is one of the lowest base decline in our portfolio. So if you look at a typical Permian EOR project, we get to the peak production by the third year, and the peak production is almost 3x the first year of production. And then after that, it is a shallow decline. So what this does is it helps manage our overall corporate decline, which helps with the sustaining capital, and which ultimately helps with the breakeven. 
 And the third part of it is capital flexibility. So if you look at our CapEx even for this year, around 75% of upstream CapEx is U.S. onshore, where we have flexibility to change activity depending on the macro conditions. So like if you look back in 2020, in U.S. onshore, we had around 30% of the rigs that we plan to operate this year. So we were able to ramp up quickly and efficiently, and we can do this if the macro demands that. So these are the 3 attributes that we look at when we look at oil and gas capital allocation. 
 So to summarize what I would say is we have a diverse portfolio of both conventional and unconventional assets that helps manage our base decline, while also maximizing our returns and also providing the flexibility to respond to different macro conditions. 
Operator: The next question is from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. 
Neal Dingmann: My first question, Vicki, is on the DJ. I'm just wondering, could you remind me where you all sit, I think, in good shape. I'm just wondering where you all sit on total permits pertaining to your DJ D&C plan? And then while early, are you all concerned about the -- I saw some latest potential proponents Colorado bills? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I'll pass that to Richard. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I think just from a permit standpoint, it's been very productive over the last couple of years. So we stand today about a little over a rig year -- or 1.5x kind of our current activity. But in the last 6 months, we've gotten [ 155 ] through. In the next 12 months, we expect another [ 169 ]. So there are some big ones that we've been working through kind of from a larger package standpoint that have gone really well. 
 That team there -- and I hope this helps kind of the second part of your question. We continue to drop things that are important to the communities and the state around emissions. Our safety programs are very good. We've worked on consolidating facilities and doing things around transportation to make it easier. And so a lot of those things have been really the positive things we've been able to add into these permit or development plans around the permits that we've received very positive comments on. 
 So we're continuing on. Again, we're sort of hitting more stable, sustainable activity up there, and we feel like we're in as good a position as we have been in a long time in terms of permit outlook. 
Neal Dingmann: Very helpful, Richard. And then just a follow-up on shareholder return on M&A. I'm just wondering, I assume [indiscernible] the preferred redemptions would now not incur until late '25. So is it fair to assume that when you were looking at the CrownRock acquisition that the fact you factored in that any -- the CrownRock incremental production or free cash flow would more than offset any mitigated payments now for another year or so? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. That's what we [indiscernible] on that. But the CrownRock does -- that acquisition, once we get our debt back down to $15 billion, that's going to be a key part of helping us then to start the resumption of a more robust share repurchase program of both the common and ultimately, the preferred. 
Operator: The next question is from Josh Silverstein with UBS. 
Joshua Silverstein: I was going to ask on kind of similar topic there now that the asset sales are pushed out, and you don't have the term loan coming into just yet. Is the shareholder return profile, just the base dividend this year and that kind of supports you get into that $15 billion debt number a bit faster? 
Vicki Hollub: No, actually, we would -- we're going to accumulate cash flow as we continue to work toward closing the CrownRock deal because part of cash flow will be used to help pay down both the term loan and our debt maturities that are coming. So cash flow would not be used for share repurchases until we get to the point where we've achieved those goals. 
Joshua Silverstein: Got it. And then I saw that the Battleground project was pushed out to 2026. If you could just go through any sort of the drivers of the extra time that was needed and what the status of the other plant enhancement projects look like? And maybe what the split of that $350 million EBITDA uplift was like kind of between Battleground and the other projects? 
Vicki Hollub: I think there's -- the projects there were pushed out a bit just like many other things because of supply chain issues and also dealing a little bit with inflation. But those projects, we started those and those are in progress and going well at this point. So I'd like to say that though the importance of when those cash flows come on from the plant enhancement projects, we're already starting to see cash flow from those projects. The actual cash flow that we'll see from the Battleground expansion won't be until the second half of 2026. 
 But the exciting thing about all of this is that, when you add the OxyChem projects, which will deliver the $300 billion to $400 billion the full uplift by the second half of '26, that's both the plant enhancement projects and the expansion, so we've got that, and you combine that with what Sunil had talked about earlier, where we have a $400 million reduction in our mid-cycle contract prices in 2025, we'll see the full uplift of that in 2026 as well. 
 And so when you combine those along with the $1 billion that we expect, assuming in a WTI price of $70, that puts us in 2026 with $1.7 billion incremental cash at least and potentially more than that. So to be able to get to a point where in just a little over 2 years, where we have -- through these projects and cost reduction, we are $1.7 billion better in terms of cash flow, that's pretty significant for us and something that we're really looking forward to and excited about. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Scialla with Stephens. 
Michael Scialla: I appreciate all the detail you gave on the decision to direct more capital this year to mid-cycle investments. I wanted to ask specifically about the Gulf of Mexico, which is part of that. Back in December, you were planning on just the 2 drill ships. So wanted to see what changed your thinking there to add a third drillship, and especially given that services there seem to be tighter than they are onshore, was it just part of this whole mid-cycle investment thesis? Or is there something else? And can you talk about specifically what you're seeing there that third drillship will be targeting? 
Kenneth Dillon: And in terms of drillships, we're only planning on 2 drillships this year. In terms of GoM overall, [indiscernible] plays into the portfolio, last time I mentioned our GoM 2.0 project. Based on that, we're counting out detailed [indiscernible] characterization work we can see significant upside potential in the GoM assets. I mentioned waterflood, stimulation, horizontals, artificial lift and subsea pumping, which is already operational for us. 
 If I talk a little bit about water injection, when you already operate fields with original oil in place numbers of billions of barrels, adding water injection is a really economical way of increasing recovery factors on high-margin, low-development cost barrels. Typical improvements in recovery in appropriate reservoirs can be between 10% and 16%, while also significantly reducing decline. So it plays into the things that Richard was talking about in EOR.
 Scale of these developments and the very low development costs lead to good returns. Analogs have been highly successful in GoM. As you know, we're world leaders in these technologies. We do them in every country that we operate in, and domestic is the foundation of who we are. I'd also like to highlight the OBN seismic activity that we've done since 2020. That's really helped define these targets, scale up them and it's assisting in the well planning and well locations that we're working on at the moment.
 I think we see GoM as a portfolio with great optionality to grow using the existing infrastructure that we have in place, but also the technology skills that we have across the entire company. I hope that answers your question. 
Michael Scialla: Yes, it does. Appreciate that, Ken. And on the -- on your CrownRock acquisition call. You mentioned -- I think Richard mentioned your pilot that you've been working on the Midland Basin for a couple of years. I just wonder if there's any plans to expand EOR in the Midland in the near term? And did that have any bearing on your decision with the CrownRock acquisition? 
Vicki Hollub: The Crown Rock acquisition stood on its own in terms of quality and how it fit within our portfolio in the Midland Basin and made that asset stronger. But the 4 pilots that we conducted in the Midland Basin were on the South Curtis Ranch, which is not too far from some of those asset. So we do believe that the Midland Basin is going to be one of the areas that we would target in a big way with an enhanced oil recovery development that's using anthropogenic or atmospheric. But we're also doing the same thing in the Delaware Basin now. We have a pilot going on there. That will help us to potentially look at that as another place to develop ultimately. So we have both options. 
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. 
Vicki Hollub: Just like to say thank you all for participating in our call today. Have a good day. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-08 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Occidental's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Neil Backhouse, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Neil Backhouse: Thank you, Anthony. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Richard Jackson, President, Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management; Rob Peterson, Executive Vice President, Essential Chemistry; Ken Dillon, Senior Vice President and President, International Oil and Gas Operations; and Mike Avery, President and General Manager of 1PointFive.
 This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. We'll also reference a few non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in the schedules to our earnings release and on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Neil, and good afternoon, everyone. The team and I would like to discuss 2 key topics today. First, how our portfolio of assets managed by excellent teams once again drove record performance this quarter, which flowed to the bottom line.
 And second, as we promised an update on 1PointFive and Direct Air Capture, which we expect to play an increasingly important role in our portfolio over time. One important note before we begin, Rob Peterson, Executive VP of Essential Chemistry will cover our financial results and guidance today.
 Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer, Sunil Matthew, is unfortunately attending to a family emergency. We send our thoughts and prayers to Sunil and his family. I'll begin by reviewing our third quarter performance. Our teams again performed exceptionally well with our assets this quarter and delivered strongest earnings and cash flow from operations that we've had to date this year.
 This positioned us to further advance our shareholder return framework and established a strong trajectory for the fourth quarter. Let's follow the molecules from producing oil and gas to moving and marketing it to where it is most valued to our African team making the products that the world needs to improve lives.
 And finally, returning the molecules back underground as we capture emissions and sequester them forever. First, let's review the exceptional results in oil and gas. Strong third quarter operational performance in oil and gas production exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by 34,000 BOE per day, enabling us to increase full year production guidance by 11,000 BOE per day.
 Our third production guidance increased this year. Production outperformance was driven by strong new well performance in the DJ and Delaware basins as well as higher uptime due to favorable operating conditions in the Gulf of Mexico.
 In the Permian and Rockies, our high-quality inventory, combined with our team's subsurface expertise, continue to drive record cumulative well performance improvements. This exceptional well performance and our activity plans for the remainder of the year drove our full year production guidance increase.
 In the third quarter, our Delaware operations team set a record with a continuous pumping time of over 88 hours, doubling the previous and at that time, audacious record in the second quarter. Our teams are hyper-focused and diligent. Their advancements are continuing to drive high performance.
 Additionally, during the third quarter in the DJ Basin, we began deploying a new and innovative natural gas hybrid frac pump with Liberty Energy. We believe that deploying this forward-looking technology, which is an e-frac alternative will reduce completion costs over time as well as emissions.
 Our midstream business performed better than expected due to the timing of cargo sales amidst rising commodity prices. And finally, to OxyChem, which exceeded earnings guidance for the quarter, largely due to improved PVC and caustic soda export demand. I can't say it enough, OxyChem provides so much synergy and cash flow generation to our portfolio. And as you'll hear, plays a large role in our Direct Air Capture story.
 During the third quarter, we repurchased $600 million of common shares and have now completed 60% of our $3 billion share repurchase program. Share repurchases and our dividend enabled additional redemptions of the preferred equity. We have now redeemed over 15% of the preferred equity outstanding.
 Now I'd like to turn to the second big topic for our call, an update on the progress that our subsidiary, 1PointFive is experiencing with Director Air Capture or DAC. The DAC technology we are using leverages the skills and expertise of our chemicals business and our enhanced ore recovery business. Our team's achievements in DAC will drive benefits to Oxy in 3 ways. 
 First, we will advance DAC for commercial use. Second, it will increase Oxy's low resilience and generate solid returns to our shareholders over the long term. And third, it will broaden our pathway to carbon neutrality and help others to achieve the same. Some of the team's recent achievements include the agreement we announced last night with BlackRock as a partner in our first stack plant, STRATOS.
 This is a huge signal to the marketplace that we are attracting capital as well as customers to this exciting technology. We are very happy to have BlackRock as our partner. Our team also reached a memorandum of understanding with our long-standing partner ADNOC to explore opportunities with DAC and carbon dioxide sequestration hubs in the U.S. and the UAE.
 And in just 8 weeks, we announced our first initiative together, a preliminary engineering study with ADNOC for a magneto scale, DAC facility in the UAE. And shortly after the second quarter earnings call, the U.S. Department of Energy announced that it has selected 1PointFive to receive a grant for development of our South Texas DAC Hub.
 And just this morning, Oxy Oman announced an agreement with OQ Gas Networks, the sole transporter of natural gas in Oman to jointly study potential carbon capture utilization and sequestration projects in the ultimate. I'll now turn the call over to Richard who will delve deeper into the momentum and progression of the carbon dioxide removal market and our DAC development plans. 
Richard Jackson: Thank you, Vicki. Today, I'm glad to provide a business update focused on Direct Air Capture and the carbon dioxide removal credit market. I also want to reiterate Vicki's comments on how thankful we are to welcome BlackRock as our initial investment partner for STRATOS, our first DAC facility.
 This is the most recent milestone in our DAC development strategy and is aligned with our execution approach, which we will discuss today. Across the Oxy, we are determined to solve challenges to both improve our business and provide essential resources for the world. Our low carbon business is an expansion of that strategy, and it's positioned to be a key value differentiator for Oxy in emerging markets.
 I will begin by highlighting several of our key DAC related accomplishments. As we advanced our low carbon business strategy, Direct Air Capture was recognized as both a necessary and valuable technology. Removing CO2 from the atmosphere provides a required solution for businesses across hard-to-abate emission sectors.
 Near term, we believe our DAC technology can provide carbon dioxide removal credits or CDRs at a lower cost and at larger scale than other product solutions, especially for businesses in the heavy-duty transportation sector that are working to hit decarbonization targets this decade.
 Longer term, cost-effective access to atmospheric CO2 to create innovative new fuels or other products can provide a pathway to lower carbon materials and commodities for many industries. From strategy to development, our team has been forward-thinking and deliberate with a road map to advance technology, partnerships and markets.
 We continue to view technology to commercial product with the lens of capability, scale and systems thinking. In the case of DAC, we believe carbon engineering created a unique and innovative large-scale carbon removal process that has a strong fit to our OxyChem capabilities. This process uses equipment and materials that are ready to deploy at scale.
 Additionally, capturing large volumes of cost-effective CO2 improves Oxy's larger integrated oil and gas, CCUS and low-carbon businesses for today and tomorrow. Early team work with carbon engineering led to a more advanced innovation center at CE and U.S. development partnership with an exclusive license for Oxy.
 The formation of 1PointFive followed to allow more partnerships focused on market development for CDRs. Carbon removals reached critical momentum, both their early voluntary market leaders like Airbus purchasing CDRs and through new policy support measures like the U.S. Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, strategic catalyze early commercial development for technologies, including DAC.
 This progress was recognized worldwide and enabled new global development and CDR demand scenarios for 1PointFive to begin to take shape. Meanwhile, measurable project progress was being made with CE process innovations, the groundbreaking for STRATOS, our DAC 1 plant and with key 0 emission power and emissions measurement actions to support a durable and a well-defined CDR product.
 Our DAC development took another step forward through the partnership with the King Ranch that enables a 30 megaton hub in South Texas, both to improve future DAC costs and to provide a more certain supply of CDRs for an increasing demand.
 In 2022, the U.S. Department of Energy announced a $3.5 billion regional Direct Air Capture hubs program. In August of this year, we were notified that 1PointFive was selected by the DOE for a program grant to develop our second DAC in the South Texas Hub. This follows strong policy momentum over the last several years for CCUS through U.S. 45Q tax credit enhancements, including specific recognition for the role of carbon removals in the recent inflation Reduction Act.
 Recently, we've seen major project momentum with ADNOC support for the UAE DAC development and especially BlackRock's key investment in STRATOS, which bolsters our ability both to build and capitalize our plans. Further support comes from recent CDR purchase agreements with ANA, a key aviation partner with Amazon, which purchased 250,000 metric tons of carbon removals and with TD Bank Group with one of the largest purchases of CDRs by financial institution.
 These further showcase the growing appreciation for the necessity of CDRs from leaders in core industry sectors and the need to scale them in the near term. Finally, the acquisition of carbon engineering comes at a time where the need to accelerate DAC innovation is critical. We were excited to fully support CE as they advance DAC technology while also rapidly integrating next generation of innovations into our DAC plant builds.
 This helps make sure we maximize value across our partnerships and supports our ability to meet this growing CDR demand. Our DAC strategy has been visionary and deliberate, aligning investment with advancements with technology, partnerships, policy and CDR markets. This approach has enabled Oxy to deploy capital responsibly, while establishing leadership in this critical technology and growing CDR market.
 Our accomplishments to date have positioned us as a DAC technology and market leader. The next phase of our DAC strategy is focused on growth through accelerating cost reduction and expanding partnerships. With full ownership of carbon engineering technology now in-house, we expect to supplement and support the highly talented carbon engineering team to accelerate the innovations that ultimately reduce the cost to capture years earlier than initially anticipated.
 By pairing the strengths of carbon engineering, Oxy major projects and OxyChem, we will continue to reduce cost for the life of the plant. Early innovations that could reduce the cost of DAC include improvements to air contactor geometry, where we believe we can materially reduce the number of air contactors per facility. We are also designing air contactor fan motors that consume less power.
 Additionally, our teams are leveraging OxyChem's electrochemical and chlor-alkali expertise to evaluate advanced sorbents and improvements to chemical reaction rates that could increase DAC efficiency. Oxy has a proven track record of innovation, improving operational efficiencies and large-scale project development. The application of these core competencies will be key in the successful deployment of large-scale debt.
 Both the CDR demand and global development opportunities continue to increase. By accelerating the cost reduction of DAC, we aim to provide a low-cost, large-scale supply of CDRs that we believe we can provide a cost-effective solution to help businesses achieve their climate targets and improve the value proposition for DAC developers.
 We believe that DAC generated CDRs will play a significant role in corporate emissions reduction strategies and specifically for several hard-to-abate sectors like aviation and marine, and markets like low carbon fuels. Future regulatory and compliance frameworks that cap emissions growth are driving companies in certain sectors to purchase measurable and durable CVR credits like DAC CDRs.
 As we reduce the cost of DAC, we expect companies will increase the share of DAC CDRs in their portfolio of solutions. We have included 3 market demand scenarios in our earnings presentation to illustrate how the DAC CDR market may grow rapidly through the end of this decade as the cost of capture is reduced. Reducing costs will enable us to offer CDRs to an expanding market at lower price points.
 In a scenario where the cost of capture remains at $450 per ton, we still expect the market for DAC generated CDRs to be significantly undersupplied. Demand for CDR credits from the aviation industry is expected to reach an inflection point in 2027 when the International Civil Aviation Organization begins requiring airlines to reduce or offset their annual emissions through the carbon offsetting and reduction scheme for international aviation, also known as CORSIA. 
 Operational improvements by airlines present limited opportunities for emissions reductions. We expect that emissions reductions from sustainable aviation fuel, or SAF, will also be constrained as SAF demand is anticipated to exceed supply once CORSIA and other SAF mandates come into effect.
 While we recognize the importance of SAF and aviation's pathway to decarbonization, SAF remains a partial solution that is currently unable to reduce emissions to true net 0. Already DAC CDRs can be priced lower than SAF while also having the ability to scale, meet demand and deliver a true net zero solution.
 We expect DAC CDRs will be an essential cost-effective solution for several [indiscernible] industries to achieve their targets within these compliance markets. The pace at which we will develop DAC facilities will be driven by market demand and our ability to reduce cost. 
 If the CDR market developed slower than expected, we will have the flexibility to refocus our efforts on R&D with the goal of bringing costs down faster. If the CDR market develops in line with the medium or high cases we've laid out, then we intend to continue executing on our cost down plan and to be positioned to secure development partners for capital.
 This capital flexibility becomes the most valuable at the CDR market grows in line with our high demand forecast. A high demand for DAC CDRs would likely shift our focus towards licensing DAC technology with other developers to increase CDR supply more rapidly.
 The CE acquisition helps unlock this development optionality as we can integrate our learnings into a DAC technology license. Regional development partners can then support the build-out with local knowledge, technical and operational resources and capital, while Oxy can support through a technical heavy but capital-light development approach.
 Based on our current plan, we anticipate that the LCV program capital, excluding third-party funding, will be up to $600 million per year through 2026. Moving on to the DAC 1 and 2 developments. We are again excited to announce BlackRock will invest $550 million in STRATOS, our first DAC facility through a fund managed by its diversified infrastructure business.
 BlackRock's investment demonstrates that DAC is becoming an investable asset class for world-class financial institutions. STRATOS Construction is progressing well, and it's approximately 30% complete. Additionally, the ongoing work at the Carbon Engineering Innovation Center has already identified several promising opportunities to lower costs on future debt.
 We expect several of these ideas can be implemented into STRATOS to help demonstrate the improvements at scale and to be ready for future DAC builds. To accommodate these process improvements, we are optimizing the construction schedule for the 2 process trains. This ensures STRATOS remains on schedule to be commercially operational in mid 2025 while also ensuring we are implementing the latest technical advancements earlier than previously planned.
 This may face some capacity into 2026, but optimize our development plan and future costs. Our South Texas DAC Hub has commenced front-end engineering design and stratigraphic well testing is in progress. We are very appreciative of our recent selection for a grant from the U.S. Department of Energy and the meaningful work we are doing through that process.
 Though the timing and the amount of the DOE grant are not yet known, we look forward to the final agreement and announcement of additional details. We have continued to work within a framework of DAC investment principles that will enable us to advance development while delivering returns for our shareholders and value to our customers and partners.
 We are focused on accelerating reductions in the cost to capture, which is expected to increase market demand for CDRs and in turn, attract additional development partners. These factors will drive future development pace of DAC, including a final investment decision of DAC 2. We will also continue to advance collaboration with companies like BlackRock, ADNOC and Oman's OQ gas networks who share our long-term vision for Direct Air Capture and our broader low-carbon product ecosystem.
 Across it all, we appreciate these partnerships that are enabling this business for Oxy, and we are focused on delivery of this solution that can supply essential lower carbon products for the world. I will now turn the call over to Rob for our financial discussion. 
Robert Peterson: Thank you, Richard. We posted an adjusted profit of $1.18 per diluted share and a reported profit of $1.20 per diluted share. The difference between adjusted and reported earnings was primarily driven by gains on sales of noncore affluent assets, partially offset by derivative losses in the premium paid on preferred equity redemptions. During the third quarter, strong operational execution enabled us to generate over $1.7 billion of free cash flow before working capital, and we concluded the third quarter with over $600 million of unrestricted cash.
 We experienced a modest negative working capital change during the period, partially driven by an increase in commodity prices. In October, we received $341 million in cash in the environmental remediation settlement we mentioned in the last earnings call. As Vicki highlighted, each of our domestic assets exceeded the midpoint of third quarter production guidance, including in the Gulf of Mexico, where favorable weather contributed to production exceeding the high end of guidance and a higher-than-expected company-wide oil cut.
 Oxy's outperformance, coupled with a portion of Gulf of Mexico planned maintenance moving into the fourth quarter, resulting in better-than-expected domestic operating expenses of $10.20 per BOE for the third quarter. Capital spending in the third quarter was approximately $1.6 billion, representing a slight decrease from the second quarter.
 We further advanced our shareholder return framework during the third quarter through the repurchase of $600 million of common shares, including $175 million, which settled at the start of the fourth quarter. Additionally, we have now redeemed over 15% of deferred equity with $342 million deferred equity redemptions triggered and redeemed during the third quarter.
 As of November 7, rolling 12-month common shareholder distributions totaled $3.12, falling below the $4 preferred equity reduction trigger. It is unlikely that cumulative distributions to common shareholders will be above the $4 per share trigger again this year, primarily due to the concentration of share repurchases in the second half of 2022. However, we remain committed to the per share earnings and cash flow accretion benefits derived from our share repurchase program, and we intend to continue repurchasing shares at a pace that is largely driven by commodity prices.
 As Vicki mentioned, we are raising our full year production guidance through the outperformance in the third quarter. We are guiding to 1.226 million BOE per day in the fourth quarter, our highest quarterly production for the year despite hailstorms in Delaware Basin that caused power interruptions early in October. Property damage for these Permian storms and Gulf of Mexico maintenance are expected to result in fourth quarter domestic operating costs of approximately $10.50 per BOE.
 Fourth quarter OxyChem guidance reflects typical seasonality as well as the impact of a planned turnaround at our Ingleside [indiscernible] and DCM plant. This turnaround was the first ever of the ethylene crakcer and the first total plant outage in the Ingleside complex in over a decade. We are beginning to see early indications that PVC and caustic soda prices may have bottomed. However, may not have full clarity on the fundamentals of the growth of the upcoming business cycle until early next year as challenges remain, including global macroeconomic uncertainty and demand impacts from rising interest rates.
 Our performance across our domestic businesses resulted in lower-than-anticipated corporate adjusted effective tax rate during the third quarter, which we expect a rebound of approximately 30% in the fourth quarter as a proportion of international to domestic income increases during the period.
 Moving on to capital. Third quarter Permian capital spending was elevated as a result of program mix and activity optimization. In certain areas, we developed higher working interest projects than originally planned as we sought to balance OBO or operated by other production. Company-wide capital spending to date and planned spending in the fourth quarter are likely to result in full year spending at the higher end of our guidance range.
 Our teams are finalizing our 2024 capital plan, which we look forward to announcing in our next call following Board approval. Today, I would like to revisit several points from previous calls regarding our expected 2024 capital plan.
 In the Upstream business, we expect similar domestic onshore activity levels to add on average to 2023. We all anticipate no material change in spending for our international assets. Additionally, we expect to run 2 drillships in the Gulf of Mexico next year as part of our mid-cycle investment program.
 OxyChem commenced work on the modernization expansion of Battleground plant this year. As construction advances, we anticipate an incremental $100 million of capital spending starting in 2024 compared to 2023 guidance. Incremental spending in the battleground expect to continue through 2025.
 To summarize, the third quarter of 2023 represented a strong operational and financial quarter for Oxy. As we are near the conclusion of this year, we are preparing for 2024 with a continued focus on operational excellence and delivering on our shareholder term framework. We are pleased with the progress of the framework to date and in addition to retiring the debt that matures in 2024, we intend to continue prioritizing share repurchases in our use of cash flow.
 The timing of when we may exceed the 4 of our preferred equity instant trigger again, will be determined by the pace of our share repurchase program, which were largely driven by the macro environment. I look forward to next quarter's call where we expect to report on completing another strong year for Oxy.
 I will now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. As Richard explained earlier, we expect DAC to play a more important role in our premier and diverse portfolio of assets. We believe tremendous additional potential exists there. 
 Joining us today for the Q&A session, as Neil had mentioned earlier, will be Ken Dillon, who is Senior VP and President of International Oil and Gas operations but also manages our major projects part of the -- of our business -- the major projects group.
 So he can answer questions with respect to the construction of the DAC. And Mike Avery, President, General Manager of 1PointFive, as was mentioned earlier. He will answer questions about the business aspects of how we're running and we'll run the DAC and some of the other projects surrounding 1PointFive. 
 So with that, I'll now turn the call over to the moderator for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Nitin Kumar with Mizuho. 
Nitin Kumar: I want to start, Vicki, with the topic to your and the industry M&A. I know Oxy has a deep bench of inventory that you highlighted. But obviously, with some deals out there recently, there's been a focus on consolidation. So just wanted to get your thoughts on how you see Oxy fitting into that trend going forward. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, Nitin, I do want to reiterate that we were early consolidators in our industry with the Anadarko acquisition. And we did that because we saw significant synergies there. And those were obvious to us, and they were in the acreage was in an area that made it possible for us to understand the subsurface and to gain those synergies.
 Now that we've done that, and we more than doubled our production with that acquisition. We've more than achieve the $2 billion of synergies that we had forecast. And now it's considerably strengthened where we are today. But the good thing is we don't have to do acquisitions. Therefore, while our BD group keeps up with and is aware of what's happening in our industry, we see -- we feel no need to have to do anything or be a part of it. 
Nitin Kumar: That's very helpful. Vicki, I want to go back. I know the focus is on LCV today, but last quarter, you talked about the strong performance in your Permian well productivity. There's been some talk around improving technology and really focusing on improving recovery rates in the basin, you do as much technical work as anybody else. So just curious if you have any technology if you are deploying or seeing being deployed that could lead to a step change in recovery factors? 
Vicki Hollub: I think I really feel like we've already had a step change in our recovery factors. And if you go back and look as far back as 2014 and '15, the improvements that we've seen have been dramatic but most of those improvements have been around understanding the subsurface better and being able to better design frac jobs and also our wellbore configuration so that we can not only get the most out of the subsurface from a modeling perspective for the design, but also from an operating standpoint.
 We have an operations team that is doing a lot on the surface and with artificial lift to take advantage of AI and other things to ensure that we get the most out of the wells from an operating perspective. And then we continue to access that by using artificial intelligence, lowering our bottom hole pressures and making sure that we're the best we can be on the subsurface with respect to efficiencies.
 Now, Richard and others would chomp at the bit to be able to talk to you about all the technical work we're doing, but I consider that to be proprietary. And I really feel like we've disclosed a considerable amount in the past and that's enabled some others to follow some of what we're doing. So to be honest, I'd just rather keep the proprietary stuff to ourselves for now.
 And from a technology perspective, we have mentioned some things that we're doing internationally to recover more out of our wells in Oman. But I'll just leave it at that.
 Richard really want to do just a couple of minutes. And probably what you're going to say is you also have to be careful with the definition of recovery, right? 
Richard Jackson: Yes, that's right. I'll stay on point. The thing I wanted to highlight is just obviously, recovery factor is core to what we're doing. We're really proud of the slides that we keep in our appendix, which shows year-on-year the improving performance for our wells and not over a few days. We look at it on our 1-year [indiscernible]. And it's not only in the Permian, it's in the Rockies. And as Vicki alluded to, we were talking earlier, Ken had some great advancements in the Middle East as well. 
 The other thing I wanted to say was our appraisal success. So highlight this quarter on the Wolfcamp B well that came through the record well. The ability to go engineer and do those technical things for these new benches is core to what we believe is important as we go forward. And so really proud of that appraisal success. The appraisal wells that we drilled this year, we've already replenished the planned drill wells for this year. So and they're doing it at very low breakeven in terms of adding inventory.
 So I just wanted to add those 2 things to give recognition to our team and the progress they're making. 
Vicki Hollub: I thought I was going to have to cut them off there for a second but he did good. 
Nitin Kumar: And I was just hoping that you wouldn't, Ricky, but great job, guys. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: Yes. It's really helpful update around LCV. I wanted to take you up Vicki, on that offer to talk about construction and how that DAC plant is building towards the mid-2025 start? What are the biggest gating items to get it to completion? And how do you feel about your ability to mitigate those risks? 
Vicki Hollub: Okay. We'll pass that to Ken then. 
Kenneth Dillon: So far, I'd say construction is going very well. While we are performing extremely well in engineering, procurement and construction phase of the project is basically -- we're moving through the [indiscernible] phase where we've got around 550 people at site into the different trades and we'll move up to about 1,200 people at site by the end of Q1. So far, we've had no issues of paying labor on the field in terms of procurement. We're meeting construction needs at the moment, and we've committed around 90% of the material value that we need. So prices are locked in at the moment. So things are going very well.
 I think Worley's engineering capabilities are such that we saved quite a bit of money in construction and also, we designed the system so that we can replicate that based on the engineering that we're carrying out today. We're building a digital twin and we're using AI going forward. 
 On supply chain, I'd like to highlight the visionary vendors. We talked about that early on. We're basically working with companies who have aligned CEOs who are truly supportive and that's made a huge difference for us. As you know, over the last couple of years, there's been huge pressure on electrical and instrumentation equipment. I'd like to highlight Siemens Industries in the U.S. have really helped us out. They've really been committed to this project. And what it means Technip Energies are also very supportive all the way to the CEO. And we've received many suggestions from the visionary vendors on how to reduce the cost of their packages going forward right down to very detailed specifications.
 I don't know if I can give one example, but one vendor that we visited to assembly lines, one for bespoke equipment and one for standard equipment and they do our attention to, we change one thing in our specification, we could save an awful lot of money. The experience is you don't gain any extra reliability for doing that.
 Safety performance has been exceptional, so. We're now through 1.2 million man-hours.
 So overall, things are going as well as expected and in terms of materials that are out with the required on-site dates, we don't really have any. So generally working well together with vendors, broadly fabricators, we have built materials of sites. We built piping racks. We did this as a pilot to reduce fabrication, labor at site. That's worked very well. We'll definitely do that on future decks and that takes you into the mode of, can you get the point where you build a dactyere or you can generate piping materials, air contactor frames without doing all the work at site.
 So overall, project doing well and getting a lot of help from vendors. 
Vicki Hollub: I'd just like to build on what Ken was saying about the visionary vendors. What's been very helpful for us is that as we went through and interviewed the various vendors selected those that we felt like were more visionary. We also found that these more visionary companies also were very committed to making this work because what they realize and what's important to them is to do something that benefits the world. And if you look at the CO2 going into the atmosphere today, it's about 35 gigatons and of that 35 gigatons going into the atmosphere, 8 from stroam and that's 23% comes from transportation and that's what Richard was getting at earlier.
 It's really hard to do anything to decarbonize transportation unless it's a sustainable aviation fluids, SAF, like you mentioned, which is not completely emission-free or using our carbon reduction credits. And when you look at 8 gigatons, that means thousands of these Direct Air Capture facilities must be built and no matter what model you look at, that's credible around the globe with respect to climate transition and climate change.
 There's no model that would show that you can cap global warming to 1.5 or 2 degrees without dealing with getting more CO2 out of the atmosphere, both for transport and just because there's too much in the atmosphere today. So that makes us a necessary technology and one that's important, as I said, for the world.
 And it's important to distinguish between the CO2 that goes into the atmosphere from power generation. Power generation can be addressed by wind and solar to some degree and ultimately, fully if we can -- if a battery or some sort of industrial battery can be design and build to aid it. But this Direct Air Capture is not a replacement for wind or solar. That's for a totally different type of CO2 emission.
 So with that, just now Neil, move to your second question? 
Neil Mehta: That was great, Vicki. And the follow-up is just around '24 capital considerations. I won't get it on the fourth quarter call, I recognize, but can you just talk about the range from '23 to '24 and last quarter, you annualized it looks like a $6.4 billion of CapEx. Is it crazy to say that's a good starting point? And any thoughts on that would be great. 
Vicki Hollub: No, it wouldn't be crazy to say that. I'll go back to what Rob said in his script, and that is that our upstream oil and gas, especially in the U.S. will have the same activity level next year that it's had this year. In addition to that, we'll have $100 million for incremental for Battleground in 2024, and we'll run those 2 drillships in the Gulf of Mexico. So I think that gets you to work to that or above as you go in total all of that. And we'll have more guidance on that, hopefully, the first part of next year. 
Operator: Next question will come from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: Two questions on -- maybe this is for Richard. Have you seen any meaningful inflation rate in the construction side? And also, does the higher interest rate impact your growth plan and the business model? That's the first question. 
Richard Jackson: Sure. I'm going to start -- I'm assuming the inflation is oil and gas. But if I -- we need to go more broadly we can help with that.
 We -- I'd say a few things, and maybe this goes back a little bit to the prior question as well. As we sort of hit the end of this year, a couple of things that we've been doing and seeing success is really optimizing our resources specifically rigs and frac if you'll kind of follow our trajectory over the last 2 quarters, we're down 2 rigs and 2 to 3Q and then down another 2. And that's really allowed us to optimize with our contractors, the right rigs, the right crews and seeing some early returns for that with quite a bit better foot per day in both the Rockies and the Delaware.
 I think as we hit the kind of the fourth quarter, we're not ready to project anything into next year. But we are seeing some areas of improvement, I'd say, across our rigs, also things like oil country tubular goods, sand, fuel these things are leading to a little bit of softening, which we hope can play forward. But our focus really has been on that optimization on efficiency.
 So -- maybe I'll stop there and make sure you we answer that question. 
Paul Cheng: Yes. And can we also expand not just on the oil and gas, but also to the low carbon business that are we seeing the inflation rate very different and is actually hitting up that does look like a lot of people is moving in that direction.
 And also that the high inflation also want to look at is on the low carbon ventures and how that impact on that business model? And that may as well ask my second question, which is you have signed some deals with financial institute that bind the  CDR, can an you share that what kind of term is it offtake and you say fixed price and even it is fixed price, what kind of pricing that we may be referring to right now? 
Richard Jackson: Great. I'm going to -- I think the way we'll do this, maybe you can start a little bit on inflation as it relates to DAC and then certainly, I want to have Mike talk about the market and what we're seeing with offtake. I think that's an important part of our message. 
Kenneth Dillon: It's Ken. Yes, we did see increases in the STRATOS cost estimate, mainly related to general industry inflation, so not specifically because of the back but we also increased cost as a result of incorporating learnings from the CEIC. And I would say it was probably 50-50 in terms of impact of moderate inflation on DAC and it's just general industry inflation, steel prices, materials, et cetera.
 We're now at the point of the project where we basically locked in pricing. So we feel pretty good and the optimizations were designed to give us improved efficiency for the DAC long term, included heat recovery systems, solid handling upgrades, filtration systems upgrades and electrical upgrades also. 
 so a number of things of not only inflation, I would say, and not -- definitely not specific to DAC. 
Michael Avery: Paul, this is Mike Avery here. So I'll give an update on the sales process and progress that we've made for STRATOS. And so what we're getting here is a lot of momentum building in the market with a strong sort of pipeline of buyers that are growing now.
 We attribute this to the market beginning to realize the importance of how Direct Air Capture is going to fit within their portfolios. I think there's also a growing recognition that Direct Air Capture is not sitting out in the future. It's a technology that's ready to go now at commercial scale. And that is actually more affordable than people think when placed next to some of the other alternatives out there.
 I think the market has also been moving towards these higher integrity solutions as the carbon markets have been maturing. And so to date, we've announced deals with Airbus, Amazon, ANA, TD Bank, NextGen, the Houston Astros and the Texans. There's a range of terms on the CDR sales. They range from 1 year to 10 years. They are fixed price agreements.
 And so if we look at the deals that we've announced to date, and we couple that together with the mature negotiations where we have got price volume and term agreed, STRATOS net capacity is sold out to about 65% to 70% to 2030. And then there's a strong pipeline behind that of earlier stage negotiations that's also growing that takes us up to about 85% net capacity sold out to 2030. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. 
Douglas Leggate: Vicki, I wonder if I could ask you about the business plan or the strategy for that going forward. Clearly, you've given up some working interest now, which I think you'd signaled before. But I think -- I don't want to misquote Richard here, but I think you said our first partner in STRATOS, where do you see your working interest? How do you see it in DAC 2? And where does license revenue fit into the capital efficiency of the DAC strategy? And I've got a follow-up, please. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, we have a lot of confidence in this technology and a lot of confidence that it fits very well with our strategy on a go-forward basis. Not only are we going to benefit from the sale of carbon reduction credits as a part of this technology and our strategy. Ultimately, we also -- while we're continuing to provide sequestration and sailing reservoirs for our customers. We also want to provide CO2 as a product to customers to convert to sustainable aviation fluids. So that's another part of the revenue -- potential revenue stream.
 And the other thing that we want to do with the CO2 that we extract out of the air is used it in our enhanced oil recovery reservoirs because that's the truest form of emission-free on a net basis oil that can then deliver the fuels that maritime and aviation need. Sustainable aviation fluids, as Richard said, is a necessary thing that we have to develop, the world needs it, and we're going to support developing it by providing products and then potentially doing it through one of our investments that we've made. So that's important.
 But it's really the thing that's going to change the whole cost curve or the climate transition is for people to ultimately understand that you can use CO2 to generate net zero oil. The way that happens is you inject more CO2 into the reservoir than the incremental oil created or produced by that CO2 will limit when use. That's critically important because that generates a net zero oil that then can be converted to jet fuel and maritime fuels.
 The thing that's so important about that is not only is it emission negative or on a net basis or emission equal. What it does is that of itself is a lower impact also on the supply chain perspective because you're getting more oil out of reservoirs that exist today. So you're using existing infrastructure, which also reduces the emissions that are associated with the upstream part of the supply chain.
 Then the other part of that is that -- and using existing infrastructure, that's a lower cost. So that's -- it's what the world needs to use the highest intensity fuel at the lowest cost and the lowest emission level is the way that the world ultimately will need to solve this climate transition. Otherwise, the world cannot afford to cap global warming at 1.5 or 2 degrees. So this is very much needed.
 So when you look at all of those options, we can -- the revenue streams that we will be bringing into our business will come from all of those options. So having partners in the beginning is critically important for us to move further down the road faster to get this technology to a point where we are comfortable that not only we could build it, but we could license the building to others as well. And once we get to that point, then we're these -- instead of expecting to build 100 of these then we can start to get into the hundreds of them and potentially the thousands that are going to be needed to be built.
 But we would benefit from all of that. And it's -- sometimes we get criticized for the fact that we're building a business. But without making this commercial, it's not sustainable. And if it's not sustainable, then the world has no other better solution. And again, the world cannot afford the plans as they've been laid out by the UN and others right now. And so we think we have the best solution to move forward, the best kind of business model to make it happen and it will create significant value for our shareholders. We're just going to build the partnerships to make this happen at a pace that's much faster than what we could do just ourselves. 
Douglas Leggate: Yes. Vicki, just to clarify, so these obviously very ambitious growth plans going forward. It doesn't require that it's Oxy capital, I guess, was my point. Am I right in thinking that outsourcing the capital once the technology is proven has potential to be a revenue stream as a -- like a license revenue. That's what I was really getting at? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. That's incredibly important to us. There's absolutely no way that we would have the capability to provide all of the capital. We can't do it. We're going to continue to be an oil and gas business because oil and gas is also important for the world. We'll continue our investments in oil and gas and grow our oil over time because our oil will be carbon neutral or carbon negative ultimately. And so that's to me the last barrel of oil produced in the world should come from an enhanced oil recovery reservoir using CO2 from the atmosphere. So we will be doing that. 
 But you're right, Doug, in that we will be licensing a lot of this out. And we've talked about regional concepts, having partners around the world that can manage and drive their own construction of these facilities as we go. And what would come back to us would be those licensing fees. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. 
Neal Dingmann: My first question is on your Permian plan, specifically. Just wondering, will you all turn to more co-development in the Dell or maybe just discuss your future broader completion plans there? 
Vicki Hollub: [indiscernible]? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I'd answer that a couple of ways, I think. I think one that's been really important to us, and we've tried to highlight is again back to some of the secondary benches in the way we think about those developments. We've been pretty precise in terms of how we put together our DSUs with those in mind. I would say this year, we have increased our -- I'll generalize completion intensity, but it's really frac intensity. And some of that was some of the capital that we put back into the Permian that delivered increasing cash flow for us this year. So I'd say a good portion of that capital increase was due to our increased completion intensity.
 So as we think about playing it forward, I think over the next several years, we're going to continue to be methodical in the way we develop those secondary benches. They'll ultimately become a bigger part of our portfolio. But we've seen with these positive surprises, the ability to optimize really the next kind of 3- to 5-year type programs some of the success, I would say, even in the Midland Basin that we've seen in the secondary benches, as we looked into this year, I think we changed about half of our development plan due to improvements in our appraisal activity there last year.
 So I think we'll continue to do what we do, which is really focused on the subsurface. We want to make through our recovery is outstanding, and we want to really DSU across multiple benches to be fit for purpose for the geology for that area. 
Neal Dingmann: And then second also on the Permian. The second largest earthquake in the Perm was reported this morning. I'm just wonder is probably too early to know if you had any direct impact? I'm just wondering, could you all discuss the continued disposal process and if that has changed in recent years? 
Vicki Hollub: I'm sorry, Neal, I didn't get that -- the first part of that question. 
Neal Dingmann: This morning, there was announced the second largest earthquake. Hit the -- it looks like it hit the... 
Vicki Hollub: Earthquake. 
Neal Dingmann: And I'm just wondering -- I'm not asking for the impact too early there, but just wondering maybe if you could discuss -- I know you had changed some disposal process and things in the past. If you could maybe just hit that quickly. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Our plans continue to leverage really the work we've done around water recycling, just in general, I'd say, independent of any of the hazards. We just believe that responsible use of water is a big part of what we should do. we actually had a trip here recently to the Permian, got to revisit the large recycling facility that we put together with our partner there in the Midland Basin.
 And that continues to be helpful not only for Oxy but actually some of our offset peers. So we're expanding that into the Delaware. It's actually a very nice link as you think about other carbon capture projects that we have. Responsible use of industrial water is a technology that we really think is important for the future. So aware of some of what -- you're asking about in some of the hazards that's been identified. But again, we're trying to get out in front of that just in general and recycle more water in all areas of our operations. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Portillo with TPH. 
Matthew Portillo: I wanted to start out on the Gulf of Mexico. You mentioned you'll be running 2 drillships there next year. Just curious if you could just give an idea of key projects you're progressing in 2024? And maybe expand a little bit on the depth of the tie-in opportunities and potential, I think, Vicki, you commented last quarter for possible growth out of the asset in the second half of the decade. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I would just reiterate, we're really excited about not just what we're doing from a capital perspective and the new development, but also what we're doing with the development that we have and Ken has some really good things to share with you about that. 
Kenneth Dillon: If I start off with the first part of your question, as part of the development initiatives, we plan to drill and complete 5 wells includes proximity to our facilities tied back to existing subsea manifolds with available capacity. We also do test on 2 promising exploration opportunities in the Eastern [indiscernible] probably have a working interest of around 40%, that aligns to our sort of approach of more shots on goal through partnering. 
 If I can maybe give some context to Vicki's comments on the last call, we basically see gone through 3 portfolio lenses. One is primary production with base optimization and drilling, including horizontals and stimulation; second aspect is secondary recovery, which is one of Oxy's strengths as a company worldwide with water flooding and artificial lift, including subsea pumping and ESPs.
 On these assets, very little has been done on water flooding in the past for our reservoirs, and we see significant upside including reservoirs that already have direct analogs nearby. And that's been part of the success of some of the majors in Gulf of Mexico in terms of adding long-term low decline production and reserves to the base.
 And an exploration, we've now built a new portfolio with a significant new partner base, as you saw in the recent announcement that came from [indiscernible] that looks like a successful approach going forward, and that could be easily tied back quickly to Lucius.
 So we see this as a way of moving capital between these 3 legs of the stool going forward and we see tremendous upside on the secondary recovery option. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you all for your questions and for joining our call today. Very much appreciate it. Have a great day. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Occidental's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Neil Backhouse, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Neil Backhouse: Thank you, Drew. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Richard Jackson, President, Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management. 
 This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. We'll also reference a few non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in the schedules to our earnings release and on our website. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Neil, and good afternoon, everyone. There are 3 things I'd like to drive home today. First, our portfolio of assets continue to set the table for record results. Second, our teams outperformed last quarter's and last year's excellent operational metrics. And I want to make sure our investors see how that flows to the bottom line. Third, our strategic and operational improvements continue to support our ability to take actions to drive even better shareholder returns. 
 I'll begin with the portfolio. We had the highest quality and most complementary assets that Oxy's ever had. They are a unique blend of short-cycle, high-return shale assets in the Permian and the Rockies along with lower decline, solid return conventional reservoirs in the Permian,  GoM  and our international assets. 60% of our oil and gas production is from shale reservoirs and 40% from conventional. More than 80% of our production is in the United States. The international oil and gas assets that we operate are in only 3 countries, Oman, Abu Dhabi and Algeria. Our worldwide full year 2023 production mix is expected to be approximately 53% oil, 22% NGLs and 25% gas and 70% of the gas is in the United States. 
 Our conventional oil and gas assets, along with OxyChem provides support during low price cycles while the shale assets provide the opportunity for growth during moderate and high price cycles, and the flexibility to adjust activity levels quickly if needed. This combination of assets has generated record cash flows for Oxy over the last couple of years versus the cash flow generated by the portfolio that we previously had in a similar price environment from 2011 to 2014. The midstream business provides flow assurance and has done so with exceptional performance during catastrophes and emergencies. The low carbon ventures business will help Oxy and others decarbonize at scale in a way that provides incremental value to our shareholders. To summarize, we have a deep and diverse portfolio, providing the cash flow resilience and sustainability necessary to support our shareholder return framework throughout the commodity cycles.  
 Let's shift now to operational excellence. Strong second quarter operational performance exceeded the midpoint of our production guidance by 42,000 BOE per day, enabling us to again raise full year production guidance. In the Rockies, outperformance was driven by improved base production and new well performance, along with higher-than-expected nonoperated volumes and the receipt of accumulated royalties. Our Rockies teams drilled 32% faster on a foot per day basis than they did in the first quarter. The team's diligent work set several new Oxy records, including company-wide record of drilling over 10,400 feet of lateral in only 24 hours. Just 10 years ago, it took the industry an average of 15 days to drill 10,400 feet. 
 Our Permian production delivered higher operability and better-than-expected new well performance, particularly in our 2 new drilling space units in New Mexico, top spot and precious. Our Delaware completions team shattered Oxy's previous record for continuous frac pumping time by nearly 12 hours for a total of 40 hours and 49 minutes. Four years ago, the same job would have taken about 84 hours. 40 hours back then was unthinkable, but our teams have made this a reality. We expect that the efficiencies generated by advancements in drilling and completions pumping will result in lower cost and reduce time to market. 
 Offshore in the Gulf of Mexico, we safely completed seasonal maintenance activities focused on asset integrity and longevity. Excluding the impact of this planned maintenance, we delivered higher base production and benefited from improved uptime performance across multiple platforms. Internationally, our teams continued to deliver strong results. The Al Hosn expansion came online 2 months earlier than planned, as a result of great teamwork with our partner, ADNOC. This means that together, we have now successfully expanded the plan in stages from 1 Bcf a day to 1.45 Bcf a day or a very small incremental capital investment. 
 In Oman Block 65, we drilled a near-field exploration well, which delivered 6,000 BOE per day and a 24-hour initial production test, and it is now on production to sales in less than a month from completion. This was our highest Oman initial production test in the decade, and we continue to show the benefits of our subsurface characterization techniques worldwide. We were awarded the block in 2019 and in collaboration with the Ministry of Energy, we are positive about opportunities in the country where we are the largest independent producer. OxyChem also outperformed during the second quarter due to greater-than-expected resilience in the price of caustic soda and reductions in feedstock prices. OxyChem is one of our valuable differentiators. It provides rich diversification to our high-quality asset portfolio by consistently generating quarterly free cash flow which provides a balance of our oil and gas business throughout the commodity cycle. 
 Now I'd like to talk about how our focus on operational excellence is enhancing our portfolio and extending our sustainability to maximize near- and long-term shareholder returns. Oxy's wells are getting stronger and are supported by our deep inventory, which continues to get better. In the Permian, we have improved well productivity in 7 of the last 8 years. And with the application of our proprietary subsurface modeling, we're starting to see the same results in the DJ Basin, where improved well designs have delivered reserves at roughly 20% less cost. The improved well design has resulted in about 25% improvement in single well 12-month cumulative volumes over the last 5 years. And we are on pace to significantly exceed that rate in 2023. 
 In addition, our teams are continuing to advance our modeling expertise, which has led to upgrades of secondary benches to top-tier performers. This was the key for our -- sorry, 212% U.S. organic reserves replacement ratio last year. Let me try to make that point again. Last year, because of these upgrades to our secondary benches to our top-tier benches, we were actually able to replace our production by 212% with reserve adds. Secondary bench upgrades are progressing in 2023. Overall, in 10 of the last 12 years, we have replaced 150% to 230% of our annual production. The only exceptions being in 2015 with a price downturn in 2020 with a pandemic. 
 Converting lower-tier benches to top tier will further extend our ability to achieve high production replacement ratios. Not only are we adding more reserves than we are producing each year, we're adding the reserves at a finding and development cost that is lower than our current DD&A rate, which will drive DD&A down and earnings up. Our differentiated portfolio and the strong results delivered by our teams provided support for execution of our 2023 shareholder return framework. During the second quarter, we generated significant free cash flow, repurchased $425 million of common shares and have now completed approximately 40% of our $3 billion share repurchase program. Common share repurchases, along with our dividend enabled additional redemptions of the preferred equity. To date, we've redeemed approximately $1.2 billion of preferred equity. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Rob. 
Robert Peterson: Thank you, Vicki, and good afternoon, everyone. During the second quarter, we posted an adjusted profit of $0.68 per diluted share on a reported profit of $0.63 per diluted share. Difference between our adjusted and reported profit was primarily driven by impairments for undeveloped noncore acreage and deferred tax impacts from the Algeria production sharing contract or PSC renewal, partially offset by an environmental remediation settlement. 
 In the second quarter, strong operational execution enables over $1 billion of free cash flow for working capital despite planned maintenance activities across several of our oil and gas businesses. Following nearly $1 billion of preferred equity redemptions and premiums, $445 million of settled common share repurchases and approximately $350 million related to LCVs investment in net power, we concluded the second quarter with approximately $500 million of unrestricted cash. We experienced a positive working capital change during the second quarter primarily driven by reductions in commodity prices and fewer barrels in shipment over quarter-end. Interest payments on debt are generally paid semiannually in the first and third quarters, which also contributes to a positive second quarter working capital change. 
 During the second quarter, we made our first U.S. federal cash tax payment this year of $210 million and state taxes of $64 million, which were netted out of working capital. We anticipate a similar federal cash taxes we made in subsequent quarters this year, those state taxes are paid annually. Our second quarter effective tax rate increased from the prior quarter due to a modest change in our income jurisdictional mix. The proportion of international income, which is subject to a higher statutory tax rate grew during the second quarter. We are therefore guiding to a minimum adjusted effective tax rate of 31% for the third quarter as we expect our effective tax rate going forward will be more closely aligned with the second quarter rate. 
 I will now turn to our third quarter and full year guidance. As Vicki just discussed, our technical and operational excellence continues to drive outperformance across our oil and gas businesses. This enables us to raise our full year production guidance midpoint to just over 1.2 million BOE per day in anticipation of a strong exit to the year. Rockies outperformance serves the largest catalyst to our full year production guidance raised and is also a primary driver of the slight change to our full year oil mix guidance. Reported production in Rockies is expected to reduce to its lowest point this year in the third quarter before beginning to grow in the fourth quarter. 
 In the Gulf of Mexico, we were guiding slightly lower production in the third quarter compared to the second quarter due to a contingency for seasonal weather. The third quarter weather contingency as well as planned maintenance opportunities brought forward to reduce overall downtime are expected to result in our highest domestic operating costs on a BOE basis this year when normalizing to less than $9.50 per BOE in the fourth quarter. Internationally, we expect higher production compared to the first half of 2023 due to plant turnaround and expansion project timing ? Al Hosn as well as impacts from various international production sharing contracts. As we have previously mentioned, the increased international production will be slightly offset by the new Algeria PSC, which decreased reported production, but the reduction in imported barrels is not expected to have a material impact on operating cash flow. 
 Overall, the first half of 2023 was characterized by strong production in Gulf of Mexico, Permian and Rockies, with latter 2 businesses also benefiting from nonrecurring production events. We have better anticipated wells and time-to-market momentum year-to-date, which we expect it to be benefiting from in the second half of the year, the third quarter will be the only quarter in the year where production average is below 1.2 million BOE per day. Reduced production is mainly driven by the previously mentioned weather contingency implies to the Gulf of Mexico. The decrease in third quarter production will likely result in total company production and is lower in the second half of the year when compared to the first. 
 However, the change in expected production does not represent a shift in our volume trajectory. We anticipate fourth quarter production will be similar to the first 2 quarters of 2023, and we expect to enter 2024 with a strong production cadence. Furthermore, our full year guidance implies our fourth quarter output of approximately 53%, largely due to improved GoM production  [Indiscernible] weather contingency.  
 Shifting now to OxyChem. As anticipated in original guidance, we continue to see weakening in the PVC and caustic soda pricing during the second quarter. However, our full year guidance remains unchanged at a pretax income midpoint of $1.5 billion which will represent our third highest pretax income ever in another strong year for OxyChem. We also expect our chemicals business to return to a more normalized seasonality compared to recent years, meaning that the fourth quarter will represent the lowest earnings for the year. As we have mentioned on previous calls, the fourth quarter is typically not a reliable roll forward for the year ahead through the inherent seasonality in the business. We revised our full year guidance from midstream and marketing due to expected market changes over the second half of this year. 
 The margins generated by shipping crude from Midland to the U.S. Gulf Coast are expected to compress further following the annual FERC tariff revision, which has increased our pipe cost approximately $2.55 a barrel. Over the same period, the price we market long-haul capacity is expected to decrease. Additionally, we anticipate fewer gas market opportunities as spreads across multiple basins have continued to narrow and find opportunities generated in the first quarter. Also, pricing for sulfur produced at Al Hosn is expected to soften in the second half of the year. 
 Capital spending during the quarter was approximately $1.6 billion. We expect capital to decrease slightly in the third quarter with a more pronounced reduction in the fourth quarter. The expected decrease was primarily driven by reduced working interest and gross activity in the Permian, which is in alignment with our original business plan. We anticipate receiving $350 million during the fourth quarter associated with the second quarter [Indiscernible] settlement. While this settlement will drive our -- report it overhead down, our full year guidance to overhead expense on an adjusted basis remains unchanged.  
 Turning now to shareholder returns. As Vicki mentioned, we further advanced our shareholder return framework during the second quarter through the repurchase of $425 million of common shares, which enabled additional preferred equity redemptions. After a strong start in the first quarter, we triggered the redemption of over $520 million of preferred equity in the second quarter. Year-to-date, we've been approximately $1.2 billion or 12% of preferred equity that was outstanding at the beginning of the year with 10% premium payments to the preferred equity holder of approximately $117 million. Preferred equity redemptions to date have resulted in elimination of over $93 million of annual preferred dividends. 
 As of August 2, rolling 12-month common shareholder distributions totaled $4.08 per share. Due primarily to the concentration of share repurchase in the third quarter of 2022, coupled with the current commodity price curve, it is likely that the cumulative distributions will fall below the $4 per common share during the third quarter. If we drop below the $4 redemption trigger, our ability to begin redeeming the preferred equity, again, will heavily be influenced by commodity prices. The EPI prices would likely need to be higher than what the forward curve presently indicates for us to remain above the trigger for the remainder of 2023.  
 Even if we aren't able to continue redeeming the preferred equity for a period of time, we remain committed to our shareholder term program, including our $3 billion share purchase program. Our basic common share count is at the lowest since the third quarter of 2019, resulting in per share earnings and cash flow accretion to our common shareholders. Sustained efforts to significantly deleverage over the past several years have improved our credit profile, culminating a return to investment-grade status when the Fitch ratings upgraded Oxy in May. We believe that our investment grade credit range reflect our exceptional operations, diversify the high-quality asset portfolio and our commitment to pay down debt as it matures. Our second quarter results and our full year guidance demonstrates solid progression towards another strong year for Oxy. We look forward to reporting on additional progress as the year advances. 
 I will now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. Before closing today, we'd like to briefly mention 2 low carbon ventures announcements that we made this week. We were glad to announce that Japan's ANA Airlines became the first airline in the world to sign a carbon dioxide removal credit purchase agreement from our subsidiary, 1.5. We're excited about that and happy to work with them. We're also pleased to announce a first-of-its-kind agreement with our long-standing partners, ADNOC, to evaluate investment opportunities in direct air capture and carbon dioxide sequestration hubs in the U.S. and the UAE. With this agreement, we intend to develop a carbon management platform that will accelerate our shared net zero goals. We have many exciting developments taking place in LCV, and we look forward to providing you a more comprehensive update towards the end of this year. 
 With that, we will now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. 
Douglas Leggate: Vicki, I wonder if I could focus on productivity which your latest slide deck is showing -- you refer to it as the wedge wells with a quite frankly, stunning step-up in performance relative to prior years. My question, I guess, is the repeatability of that and the impact on how you think about your strategy? Because to summarize, you've suggested you would not seek to grow production meaningfully, if I'm interpreting that correctly. But this productivity would suggest that either you're going to grow production as you did with your step-up in guidance or you're going to cut your capital budget to hold the production at a flatter level. So I'm curious, are you prepared to take the production? Or is it going to get more capital efficient with lower CapEx? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, we intend to keep our capital plan as we had it or at least the activity plan as we had it. I can tell you, Doug, I'm incredibly impressed with what our teams have done. I've been in this industry for a very long time, and I've seen a lot of extensive work done to model conventional reservoirs over the years. And when we started our shale development, some thought it was more of a statistical play where you just go drill a 100 wells and maybe 25% of them would be really good, and 75% would be okay. But we took the time in 2014 to step back and say that we were going to put together a team that could do the kind of work that needs to be done in shale. It's much more complex than conventional. So we really focused on trying to make sure that we put together a team that could do the most sophisticated work on the subsurface possible, and they've done incredibly well. 
 And I would say, in the past 2 to 3 years, I was thinking that we were getting close to plateauing on our learnings and what we can do. But the teams continue to surprise me, continue to go beyond what I thought we would ever be able to do in this industry with respect to not only understanding the subsurface as well as we do, but also being able to understand how to get the most oil out of it. And -- so where we are today is, I've now asked the teams to stop talking about it. We for years, we're sharing things that we were doing, and we've shared some things on the slides in the slide deck, but they had prepared a lot more to share with you today, to highlight and map out the pathway that we're using to get to where we are. But it's just too important to our company, it's -- and to our shareholders to keep that proprietary because this is something that's pretty phenomenal, I think. 
 And now we're taking this, and we're going to apply it to the Permian -- I mean to the Powder River Basin. We're using it. They've done incredibly well in the Permian. We've also taken learnings from the team in the DJ and moved those through the Permian. So we're sharing ideas across business units. The next one will be the Powder River basin, where while we did take an impairment on some noncore areas, we are excited about the Powder River. And I think Richard will say a little bit more about that later. But the Southern Powder River is, we're seeing good results there. And our appraisal team is beginning to work in the northern part of the Powder River. And we're going to take it also the same sort of concept about how to do it, we want to take to other areas within Oxy. And we think that by using a similar methodology with what our phenomenal team in the Gulf of Mexico has been able to do, they've done amazing things in terms of being able to see below-the-salt and to improve our success rate there. 
 But I think you put this subsurface team for our shale development, but the approach they take, the methodology that they use with the ideas that our GoM team has generated and start really exploring the various strengths, I think we take this and apply it to conventional reservoirs and applying this to conventional with the expertise that we have working those conventional reservoirs today, I think that there would be even more cross flow of learnings from conventional to shale and shale and conventional. 
 I think it's beyond what anybody in the industry that I've seen or heard about it is doing today. So with that said, to get back to your question on capital and production, we're going to execute our program, looks like it is going to result in a production increase, and we're happy with that. We never said that we didn't want to grow. We just don't want growth to be the target. But the target is value creation. And that value creation comes from doing the developments when we're ready to do them at the pace that generates the most net present value. And our teams are doing that, and they're doing it incredibly well. So we'll take what we're getting here. 
Douglas Leggate: I've got a very quick follow-up, and it's kind of hard that -- something we've talked about before, which is the legacy Anadarko portfolio. We know it dips in the second and perhaps the third quarter. My question is, when you rebound out of the fourth quarter as is ordinarily the case in that profile, have you lost any production capacity? Do you -- what do you think the production capacity is today? And presumably, those are the highest margin assets in your portfolio. I just wonder if you could confirm that so we can anticipate what happens to earnings and cash flow in Q4? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. The legacy Anadarko assets in the Texas, Delaware are really, really top tier. We had -- when we were working to do the acquisition, we knew that they were really good. We thought they would come in and be almost equal to our Southeast New Mexico, and I'm going to get myself in trouble here. I think they were, I thought, for a while better than Southeast New Mexico. I think I happen to say that in the hallway one day, and the Southeast New Mexico team decided they would prove me wrong on that. So I would say that Southeast New Mexico and Texas Delaware are both incredibly important to us. They are very high quality, and they're both a part of our program going forward. Richard, you had something to add? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Maybe just to help add on to that when we talk about assets in the portfolio and even legacy Anadarko. I think the Rockies trajectory, while very strong in the first half of the year, I think what's impressive, we talked about knowing we would decline kind of through the first half of the year and then grow. And I think if you see our guide for 3Q and then implied guide for 4Q, that not only was the first half better, but the second half was better as well. And while the new wells are certainly core, how do we think about deploying capital and creating the efficiency, I'd like to also recognize all the team that works on our base production. 
 I think the Rockies is a great example of being able to rethink our surface infrastructure, they've been able to kind of lead the industry, I think, in some of these tankless designs, but they've migrated to more efficient bulk and test. They've been able to think about artificial lift earlier, things like gas lift earlier in the cycle of the well. And a lot of that beyond creating the most EUR per dollar spent is really helping our production. And so when you look year-on-year, that base production is another one that I think we're really proud of from the teams. 
Vicki Hollub: No doubt, it's the Permian and the Rockies and the Rockies actually applying artificial intelligence to their pumps up there, which has been very, very impressive as well as the management of the gas lift in the Permian, Texas and New Mexico. So these are exciting things for us, and we're -- we have to definitely gets kudos to the teams. They've gone above and beyond expectations. 
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: Yes.  [Indiscernible] to start off on the return of capital. Just curious on your thoughts on the commodity price level or the oil price level at which you believe you can get back to taking out the preferred. And just in the absence of that, how aggressive can you be around buying back stock? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, certainly, we have the capability at almost any price environment. There's a lower limit to where we would probably not do much share repurchases at $60. But at $70, we could continue a common share purchase program. And certainly, at $75 and above, we've got the cash to do both. But what we feel like with our current shareholder framework is that share repurchases are a big part of that because our -- in common share repurchases because what we're really trying to do is we're trying to create value per share for our investors. And to create value per share, it not only means that we need to grow production a bit. Again, that's with the cash flow is the main thing we're trying to grow when we're growing production, and that's an outcome of our capital program. 
 So this year, we will get incremental earnings growth from our incremental volumes, but also developing our reserves at the lower cost, like we've talked about and like I talked about in the script and like we've been talking about here, what the teams are doing that's so important is to develop reserves, replace our production every year by at least 130% to  [150%] And again, we've seen years up to 230%, where the DD&A or the funding and development cost is $6 or less in some cases. And we were able to do that with the DD&A rate of what we have today versus that, that's creating value for our shareholders, creating earnings. And then the last thing is to couple with the cash flow growth and income growth from the volume creation and the reduced cost of those binding and development reserves is to buy back shares. And especially given the fact that we feel we're very undervalued right now. 
 So share repurchases, whether or not it triggers the preferred is really important to us. But in the near term, what we'll do is we will probably wait a little period of time here to watch what's going to happen with the macro. And if the macro plays out the way we expect, we should be able to do both to buy common and to get back at some point within the next few months to doing both buying not only common, but triggering the preferred, it could take into next year before we're able to get a program going. But we do believe that we can at $75 or above, have a program that will do that. 
Robert Peterson: I'll just add that part of the challenge that we have is that our program last year was very back-end weighted. We did $2.4 billion of share repurchases concentrated across the second half of the year of $1.8 billion of that just in the third quarter alone. And so it's the pace at which we were able to retire shares last year, matched up against the commodity prices that we have this year, that's really making it difficult to stay with the 4 consistently. So if you look back to last year, gas pricing, we realized over $7 in Q3, oil prices were over $95 realized in Q3. And so that's the big change year-over-year that we're seeing. 
Neil Mehta: And then the follow-up is congrats on getting the Al Hosn gas expansion on this year. Just would love any perspective or thoughts on your Middle East business and how we should think about the incremental cash flow associated with the asset that just came online? 
Vicki Hollub: The Al Hosn project getting to the 1.45 Bcf a day had very little capital, is definitely a good project for us. And with -- just having gotten that back on, we expect that the certainly, the production looking good towards the rest of this year from Al Hosn and also the fact that we were in Oman, able to get an exploration well that was record setting for us online and to production in less than a month was another good sign for healthy production coming out of the Middle East. We do have incremental opportunities in Oman for additional wells that are similar to that in Block 65. So -- and this year, this past year, in Safah field on the north Oman. 
 We've set the production records there, and that's a field that's been in operation for over 40 years. So we're still finding new things to do there. And also, when I talk about innovation and subsurface modeling and with -- and Richard brought up the guys that are working really hard base maintenance, on base production. I want to mention, too, that there's been quite a bit of innovation coming out of Oman as well, one being a process called Oxy jetting, where we go into -- you can do it in new wells or existing wells to go in and jet through the formation and with proprietary process we use there and get incremental production, and that's part of the reason that we were able to achieve record production from that area this year. 
 So a lot of good things happening in our Middle East operations, and we're as I mentioned in my script, focused on 3 countries, and we feel like it is best not to be spread over a lot of countries, but to -- we like the fact that we are here in the U.S. and 3 countries internationally, and we'll focus on being the best we could be in those areas and eliminate or minimize distractions from anything else. 
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist. 
Neal Dingmann: My question is on the Gulf of Mexico. Your production and incremental operations at GoM continue to look quite solid. I was just wondering how would you classify just current opportunities today in the Gulf? And could we see any notable change in activity there in the coming quarters? 
Vicki Hollub: I would say that I have -- my thoughts about the Gulf of Mexico have actually changed a bit over the past year. Originally, when we made the acquisition, our plan was just to keep production flat and use the cash flow to invest elsewhere. I do believe now, again, based on the technical excellence of our teams working at and the fact that artificial intelligence, I believe, is going to be -- advanced data analytics, I believe, is going to be a game changer for the Gulf of Mexico. And I believe our team has the capability and expertise to optimize the use of those tools. So I think that not this year or next year, but I do believe that looking forward in the next 3 to 5 years, the Gulf of Mexico could become more of a growth area for us rather than just a cash generator. 
Neal Dingmann: I agree. I like the opportunities there. And then secondly, just -- you talked around this already, but maybe just a little more detail on your slide now on the DJ, maybe about just well spacing and completion design there. I'm just wondering, have your thoughts -- you guys have been ramping that up. And I'm just wondering, as you have been ramping up, have the thoughts on space or completion design has changed going forward? I think like in recent months, I believe gas and other pads are, what about 12-well spacing. So I'm just wondering if there's any thoughts to change any of that? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Great. This is Richard. I'll try to take a few pieces of that. I mean very excited about the DJ, like I described, but the new well performance in the base. But I would say consistent with really what we've done across our reservoir positions and especially in the unconventional. It really starts with the challenge on the subsurface in terms of all the things you described, spacing, how many wells per DSU. And I think the teams continue to look at those opportunities. And as we noted, really thinking about less, I think moving from 18 to 8 to 12 wells per section allows us to deliver the same EUR for less cost. And I think just like we've done in the Permian, that's the right recipe. We have been able to use completions and really frac intensity to kind of turn up the lever to help capture those reserves without having to drill additional wells. 
 So we've gone up to 1,500 pounds per foot, which is up about 30%, I think from our prior designs. As we think about spacing and inventory, the thing I would say is not every drill spacing unit is the same. So the geology changes, the development sequencing changes. And so there'll be areas where that may be different. I think just to kind of contrast a little bit, we highlighted the performing DSUs in the Delaware Basin, those are actually opportunities where we added wells per section. And we were able to do that again by looking at the unique kind of attributes of that drill spacing unit against the reservoir. And we're cautious with that, but we've been able to have real success, both horizontally and vertically adding those wells where it's warranted. But just the last maybe a couple of points in the DJ, again. It's sort of a holistic design that the operation's team's put together. 
 They have done a lot to reduce time to peak production. So eliminating those surface constraints where they can really allow those wells to optimally flow. And then as Vicki described, longer term, these wells go from gas lift to plunger lift and being able to use analytics to not only be quicker in terms of our optimization, but actually predict failure mechanism so that we can deploy operations teams quicker. These are the type of things that just really excite us about how our teams approach really adding production at the right cost. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Scialla with Stephens. 
Michael Scialla: You talked pretty extensively about the improving well productivity, and I know a lot of companies have been talking about service costs softening here. Looks like 2024 consensus estimates right now, anticipate you're going to spend about 4% more next year than you did this year to keep production flat with the current level. So I know it's too early to give guidance for '24, but just want to get your view on that outlook. 
Vicki Hollub: What we're seeing is we're seeing some things start to plateau in terms of cost. We're seeing labor being still a bit tight. But there's also around labor though, we're not seeing as many people wanting to change jobs. It's just a matter of getting the skills that we need in the field, and that's where the big challenge is, to get truckers to drive trucks, and people to do the welding and those kinds of field jobs are so important to us. But I would think that what -- we're not -- while we're not seeing any reduction -- much reduction in service company costs, we don't expect that. But I don't think we've settled on expecting any kind of increase next year. 
Richard Jackson: And I can add maybe just a few. I agree with Vicki. I mean, we're, one, really pleased with the efficiency of our operations. That's always our focus. And so really, the rigs we've added over the last 1.5 years, we've highlighted some of the kind of individual goals, but we're seeing productivity just from reducing nonproductive time, improved kind of efficiency of the operations continue. But as we think about going into next year, OCTG, seeing some relief, but that generally lags, sand kind of similar, and fuel, obviously is a component, which has been lower for us. So we're seeing those types of things come in a little bit lower. But we've got really, the opportunity to continue to work with the fleet we have. 
 We're a pretty steady operational pace at this point, which is very different to where we've been in the last couple of years. And so for us, it's really an opportunity to kind of utilize the resources we have and really get that optimization down. So if we look next year, that's going to continue to be the challenge. We hope there's some pricing that can benefit both operator and service company as we look at longer term, but we're really anxious to keep working on the efficiency. 
Neil Backhouse: And Michael, this is Neil. I just wanted to add. We'll always encourage our coverage group not to rely too much on consensus for whatever time period. As you know, the further out it goes, the more sale data that can be in there. So just continue to have the conversations with us, and we'll guide at the appropriate time. 
Michael Scialla: Got you. I guess just summing all that up, though, I guess based on those numbers that would suggest you'd need to spend more to keep production flat. Is it fair to say that feels conservative based on what you know today? 
Vicki Hollub: I would say we don't know that because we're continuing to get more barrels. I mean just look at the graphs where our teams are getting more production from the wells for either the same or lower cost. We're doing both. We're increasing efficiencies of execution while also getting more recovery out of the wells. So I don't think I'd be prepared to say that we'd have to spend more capital just to stay flat. We'll look at that. And again, the efficiencies that are being gained, I think we have to take all that into account. And we'll -- we're starting to look at some of that now, but I'm a bit impressed with what we've been able to do with the dollar to spend because I think that we still have for our wedge production, the lowest capital intensity on a per barrel basis in the industry, I believe, at least the last time we checked it. Now we haven't done that number in a couple of months. So we probably need to check that again to know for sure. 
Michael Scialla: Appreciate the detail on that. The one to follow up on your agreement with ADNOC. Does that cover Stratos? And do you have any sense for what kind of capital the company is looking to spend with you at this point? 
Vicki Hollub: It doesn't cover Stratos, but it does cover other things, and it could cover things that we currently have today, not -- probably not the first deck at the King Ranch. But what we had done is we put together a work group that worked with ADNOC to talk about what the possibilities are for direct air capture and sequestration here in the United States versus Abu Dhabi. And the big focus was to try to help each of us to achieve the goals that we've set out. And ADNOC just set another goal for themselves to get to net zero, I think, by 2045. So they're on a mission. They have a goal, and we also do and we -- given the fact that we collaborated on making and building the what is now the largest -- and what was it, even at the time, the largest ultra-sour gas processing plant in the world. There were several companies that walked away from that they didn't want to try to attempt that. 
 So we have a track record of  working with ADNOC to do difficult things or to do things that are different. The sulfur recovery units in Al Hosn are serial numbers 1 through 4. So that's -- that was a bold step for us. And now we're taking this bold step to go into looking to help each other, and also to help our shareholders because the way we're doing this is in a way that it's not going to be a cost for us over time. It's going to be -- it's going to deliver returns and ADNOC is focused on that as well. So we have a very similar objectives around all of how we're doing this. And so the work team now will continue and start looking at sites here in the U.S. and the UAE and pick the one that gives us the best chance to ensure that right out of the gate, we're starting with a good project. 
Operator: The next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. 
Roger Read: I guess I'd like to follow up on some of the carbon capture. We saw a transaction occur, I guess, now about a month ago, on conventional sort of CO2 EOR. And I was wondering, as you look at your own operations there, anything you can look at or examining along those lines? Or have you had any inquiries from others about trying to expand the opportunity there? 
Vicki Hollub: I can't comment too much on what's happened. But I will say that there's probably not any carbon capture or CO2 EOR things that are happening in the U.S. or even worldwide that we don't follow very closely, one of which we had followed probably for a few decades or at least a couple of decades. But when we look at it, we -- and Richard can build on this. So we have now structured what we're doing so that we can focus on the things that we do best. And the things, as we've talked about in this call, the things that we do best are: one, understanding the subsurface. 
 And since we have used CO2 for EOR for almost 50 years, what we're doing now is just a different way, a different kind of reservoir to put the CO2 into. So a different type of modeling, but all the same work goes into it and all the same the same techniques and approach go into looking at how we handle the CO2 and how we get it sequestered, whether it's in an EOR reservoir in the Permian or elsewhere or whether it's in a saline reservoir. So that part of it is our expertise. We don't really feel the need to own pipelines because pipeline returns are generally not the kind of returns that we can get with our dollars invested in either the upstream business or shale business or conventional. So what we want to do is make sure that our capital dollars are going to the things that we do best. 
 We've partnered with midstream companies in the sequestration hubs that we've developed. And again -- but we do have as you mentioned and referred to significant infrastructure. We do have 2,500 miles of CO2 pipeline in the Permian. We're operating there 13 CO2 processing plants. And so we have the basis to do a lot of work and a lot of sequestration in the Permian, where I think the Permian as a whole, I think the capacity is estimated to be large enough to sequester all of the emissions from the United States for 28 years, and we have a big footprint in the Permian. There are multiple zones we can not only implement CO2 for EOR, but for a straight sequestration. So we're doing partnerships that give us the best return in collaborating because there's going to be a lot of capital required for these projects over time, and we don't want all of that capital coming from Oxy. Obviously, we want other companies doing what they do best to. Richard, do you want to comment on some of the sequestration hubs? 
Richard Jackson: Sure. I mean -- yes, just build a minute. I think even especially in our Permian EOR or Permian position, we continue to work many carbon capture opportunities. We continue to think because of that legacy position we have, especially in the subsurface that that's going to present economic and real opportunity for us and emitters in terms of being able to capture and retire the CO2. In terms of the Gulf Coast, I know we talked about it before, but I want to reiterate, like Vicki said, be very focused on the sequestration of the subsurface piece of that. That's really as we learned where we could best add value, it's around that position, and we have our hubs that are going in the Gulf Coast. 
 We've got several of our Class 6 wells that are permitted and moving well through the process, may have up to 6 by the end of the year. We're drilling strat wells really in every hub continuing to be prepared as we think these capture projects are going to be put together and come online over the next few years. So we really think we're positioned to be the low-cost kind of sequestration, certainly providing security around the CO2 because of our history. So great partnerships with midstream companies we've announced before, and they're an important piece, but we're really focused on that, both in the Permian and in the Gulf Coast around really developing that subsurface for sequestration. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: Vicki and the team, with the improvement that you're seeing in DJ, what should we expect from the activity and the production trajectory for the next several years? I mean, in the past that I think with the limitation on the inventory or there maybe concern about regulatory, that production for you has been on the decline. Should we assume that the decline will continue, but at a slower pace or that you think you may be able to do better than that? That's the first question. 
Vicki Hollub: Okay. I'll turn that over to Richard. Richard's been actually looking at that more closely. 
Richard Jackson: Sure. Yes. Let me just kind of walk you through where we were this year. Obviously, we were significantly underinvested in the last couple of years coming out of the downturn, really focusing capital on the shortest cycle. We really restored capital back to the Rockies this year back to more sustaining levels, but the teams continued to outperform. And so what really has happened this year is a shallower decline in the first half of the year. We had expected growth in the second half of the year, but the growth is actually a bit better. So if you look at kind of where we're at first half to second half, I think we're growing about 6,000 barrels a day. So the -- in terms of rigs, we're running capable -- been running 2, capable for 3. And we continue to work on these well improvements to see really how that asset and that production competes for capital in our portfolio going into next year. But I think really the -- sort of the capital that you're seeing deployed in the Rockies this year takes us from a decline into really a flat to moderate -- low-end growth. 
Paul Cheng: Rich, can we assume that that's the minimum that you will be able to do for the next several years that led to maybe modest growth? 
Richard Jackson: Look, the teams have continued -- we challenge everybody, but I think the Rockies team has really done a great job on this. Getting upfront in terms of land development, permits, really getting the midstream position in place to be able to do more. But again, it needs to fit our capital allocation. So they do high returns even at lower gas prices. These are very competitive returns. I would call them a bit longer cycle than the, say, the Delaware in Texas, but they also have a bit lower decline. And so for us, they fit really well. We'll have capability to do more, but it really needs to fit the sort of cash flow outcome that the company needs as we put capital together for next year. But we can do more as that fits. 
Operator: The next question comes from Devin McDermott from Morgan Stanley. 
Devin McDermott: So I wanted to go back to Stratos, the first DAC plant in Texas. You've made some progress in contracting some of the offtake there. I was wondering if you could just talk at a higher level on the demand that you're seeing for offtake from that DAC facility? And then I think signing offtake was one of the key factors driving some of the ranges in capital spending for lower carbon ventures this year. Could you just talk about where we're trending within that range as well? 
Richard Jackson: Yes, great. I'll start with the CDR sales. I think as we've continue to talk about, we really believe in the market and believe that really the formation and sales are following kind of our expectations. I mean, clearly pleased with strategic, strong strategic customers like A&A that recognize really the fit of our product, which is a CDR into a larger aviation decarbonization. So while there -- we think about broadly sustainable aviation fuels, we feel like CDRs fit well into that market. 
 So if you look at some of the equivalents on probably a better marked market in terms of sustainable aviation fuels, those may range $800 to $1,000 a ton we believe we're going to settle into that market well. Really, the key for us, though, as we continue to talk, is driving the innovation and cost down in DAC. And so we remain focused not only the construction parts going on in Permian with Stratos, but also in our King Ranch development, but very pleased with the progress carbon engineering makes with their innovation center. So I didn't want to talk about just the market because we do believe that cost down is important for us to make this affordable long term. The other mark I'll give you, just in terms of thinking about kind of sales and how the CDRs fit on the price ranges, I think in April European Parliament put together some things around requiring 2%  SAF mix starting in 2025 and some of those penalties are $550 per ton of CO2. So when you look at how we can compete directly offset that at a lower cost. We think that's another mark that really helps us think about how we can be competitive. 
Devin McDermott: Great. And then just on the lower carbon spending in your plan this year, I think the offtake and the ability to finance off balance sheet was one of the swing factors. Can you just give us an update on that process as well? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. No, I think -- look, we remain optimistic that we're going to have good partners as we think about financing this long term. We've been strong in our ability to be able to carry the near term, but we understand longer term that we need financial partners that come into this with us, and we continue to make progress. Just to talk about the capital, we've stayed with the range $200 million to $600 million for the year. And really, that reflects that room to bring in that capital partnership by the end of the year. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. And I would say, Devin, I appreciate your interest and we will have a bit more of an update in November. I want to give anybody to thinking it's some sort of major announcement, it's not. It's just an update just like what Richard gave now because things are continuing to change with respect to demand for CDRs and that sort of thing. So we'll give you a little more of that in November. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I think construction progress, I should say, we're about 23%, I think, to date. So we'll have more construction progress. We think we can point more to the market. And just kind of follow-up on that deep dive we had last year kind of giving some updates on how these pieces come together. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. 
Scott Gruber: Yes. Just had one question, just following up on that last point. The ADNOC MOU is quite encouraging. But whether it's ADNOC or another partner? In terms of just thinking about making that equity investment in DAC, do the partners that you're talking with, do they want to see the learnings from Stratos manifest into lower capital and operating costs, DAC 2 or DAC 3 to pull the trigger on an investment? Or do you sense that just showcasing progress in constructing Stratos and getting it up and running would be sufficient to attract equity funding into the program? 
Vicki Hollub: I would say with ADNOC, they know our track record of building major projects and they know Ken Dillon well, who's actually manages our major projects. So they've seen us and how we not only -- we're innovative in how we built Al Hosn, but we were also innovative in this just recent expansion to expand the plant by almost 50% with probably spend way under 10% is -- was phenomenal. And so I think that ADNOC will be prepared to move forward with us sooner than waiting on what happens with Stratos. I think they all understand that technologies go through a cost down. There's never been a technology that's worked and been adopted in large way without having gone through the same kind of thing that we'll go through with our direct air capture. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. And the only thing I would add, I mean, there definitely is different capital, I think as we're able to move down that cost down over the next decade. We really like to partner with strategics like ADNOC or others that can be a part of not only the near term, but the long term. But obviously, we want to get the right value and set up the right economics for both parties as we bring them in. And so I think, of course, long term, as we bring costs down, the market forms, we expect that to open really capital, and that's a big part of our ability to scale development. And so to answer your question, yes, I do think that changes -- presents more opportunities over time. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. One final comment on it is, partnering with ADNOC, we know their capabilities and expertise, too. So we know what they bring to the table. And so that's the other exciting aspect of this is having their knowledge and their experience, their expertise combined with ours, to do whichever we do or a combination of both the CCUS and the direct air capture. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen. 
David Deckelbaum: I'm going to try to ask one perfect question. I was curious, you mentioned before, obviously, with the curve where it is now, you need to see it a bit higher to start prosecuting more preferred redemptions. Does the cash flow priority change given the fact that it's harder to achieve that milestone in the coming quarters? Or should we expect sort of a similar pace or distribution or free cash via buybacks sort of irrespective of where the curve is in the back half of this year? And does it change how you think about capital allocation, perhaps into next year relative to sustaining capital versus growth capital? 
Vicki Hollub: I would say that we're not going to execute a large growth program in our upstream oil and gas business. So -- but I will say that our intent is to keep a moderate capital spend, what we consider to be something similar to the activity level that we have on a whole year basis, not the second half, take the second half of this year and project it into next year is what our oil and gas activity level would be. But what we want to do is we just want a program that delivers the best returns at present value. So that doesn't mean that we're going to take our capital framework right now and dramatically change it. Share repurchases is a part of that. 
 And that's -- it's an important part of that. And what we do will depend on the macro. But from the -- what -- I would say what we see with the macro now, I wouldn't discount our ability to do both, to repurchase common shares whilst also being able to redeem some of the preferred next year because I do see a better price environment, I believe, than what some realize it's going to be. So I think there are a lot of reasons pointing to a pretty good environment. So I wouldn't discount it yet. I do believe that we'll have the opportunity to do both, but share repurchases will always be a part of our framework. 
Robert Peterson: The other thing I'll add, David, too, is in 2023, because our share repurchase program is thus far, far more ratable in our concentration and purchases last year. We're creating a foundation for 2024. We don't have as many slugs to overcome with us that necessitate spikes in oil prices or whatever to get there. So we are laying the groundwork for next year even as we continue to buy share repurchases this year, whether or not we're retiring preferred along with it or not. 
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. 
Vicki Hollub: I would just like to say thank you all for joining us, and have a great day. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-10 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Occidental's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Neil Backhouse, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Neil Backhouse: Thank you, Jason. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Robert Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Richard Jackson, President, Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management.  
 This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. We'll also reference a few non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in the schedules to our earnings release and on our website. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Neil, and good afternoon, everyone. The operational and financial successes we achieved last year continued into 2023 as I will detail in our first quarter call. Our operational excellence and disciplined approach to capital spending enabled us to meaningfully progress our shareholder return framework. Our continued efforts to strengthen our balance sheet culminated in regaining an investment-grade credit rating from Moody's.  
 This afternoon, I will begin by covering our first quarter performance, followed by an update on several accomplishments in our oil and gas business. In light of recent market volatility, I will then go over the cash flow priorities established during our last call and highlight the progress made in transferring enterprise value to our common shareholders. Then, Rob will detail the commencement and status of the preferred equity redemption before covering our financial results and guidance, including an increase to full year oil and gas production and on OxyChem pretax earnings.  
 Our operational success even in the first quarter's lower commodity price environment enabled us to generate approximately $1.7 billion of free cash flow before working capital. Excess cash was primarily allocated towards approximately $750 million of common share repurchases in the quarter, accounting for over 25% of our $3 billion share repurchase program and triggering the redemption of nearly $650 million of preferred equity.  
 Operationally, we exceeded our production guidance midpoint by approximately 40,000 BOE per day,  following a prolific first quarter across our premier asset portfolio. In the Gulf of Mexico, we achieved our highest quarterly production in over a decade. This outperformance was partially driven by higher uptime in Horn Mountain and the outperformance following the successful Caesar-Tonga subsea system expansion project, which was completed in December.  
 Our Permian production benefited from strong new well performance and higher operability primarily in the Texas Delaware. In the Rockies, strong base and new well performance and higher operated-by-other volumes in the DJ Basin resulted in higher-than-expected production. Internationally, our businesses performed well. Most notably, the Al Hosn gas expansion project is ahead of schedule because of the team's ability to integrate expansion work with annual turnarounds. The production ramp-up has commenced earlier than anticipated and has already led to a daily production record. These achievements demonstrate how our high-quality assets and talented teams provide the strongest foundation for free cash flow generation in Oxy's history.  
 Our global oil and gas teams continue to perform exceptionally well in the first quarter, achieving several milestones and accomplishments. Domestically, in our onshore unconventional businesses, we delivered strong well performance and established new operational records in the Rockies and Permian. Our Rockies team drilled the industry's longest DJ Basin well ever at over 25,000 feet in just 8 days. This well also set a new lateral length record for Oxy at over 18,000 feet. In addition, we delivered a single well production record in the DJ Basin by utilizing a new well design. We plan to roll out this enhanced design as we further develop our inventory across the DJ Basin.  
 In the Permian, our Delaware subsurface teams continued to optimize and unlock inventory, as demonstrated by success in the deeper Wolfcamp horizon, with a single well generating 30-day initial production rate of 6,500 BOE per day and an Oxy record for this interval.  
 Our Delaware completions team also achieved a continuous pumping time of approximately 28 hours on another set of wells, far exceeding our previous record of about 22.5 hours. We expect that increasing efficiencies such as faster completions pumping will contribute to lower cost and a faster time to market. Though certain products and services utilized in our operations will likely incur price increases this year compared to 2022, we are seeing some early signs of tempered inflation. Our teams are working towards partially offsetting inflation impacts through various operational efficiencies and supply chain competencies. For example, in the Delaware Basin, we've optimized frac designs to reduce assets and water utilization for an average savings of around $240,000 per well. Our Rockies team has successfully integrated artificial intelligence into our plunger lift  program, helping to maximize base production and reduce operating costs.  
 On a broader scale, our supply chain team is continuously pursuing opportunities to manage pricing across our business portfolio through partnerships that thoughtfully balance contractual flexibility with cost management. These capabilities are more important than ever in the current inflationary environment as we strive to continuously deliver value to our shareholders.  
 With these points in mind, I will now review our 2023 cash flow priorities.  
 As we discussed last quarter, our 2023 cash flow priorities incorporate a disciplined capital strategy largely agnostic to the short-term volatility exhibited in commodity prices this year. Our 2023 capital plan remains on track and focused on sustaining our high-quality portfolio of assets, while securing our long-term cash flow resilience. We continuously monitor the macroeconomic landscape and intend to maintain our capital plan in the current environment. Should a sustained downturn in commodity prices occur, we possess the flexibility to rapidly reduce activity levels through our short-cycle, low-breakeven projects. We demonstrated our nimble approach during the last global downturn, and we are prepared to do so again should market conditions dictate.  
 If oil prices follow an upward trajectory, we do not expect notable changes to our cash flow priorities, though the pace of our share repurchase program and the preferred equity redemption may be accelerated.  
 We have previously spoken about how potential future production growth is expected to be in the low single digits. However, we have many opportunities to grow cash flow outside of production growth. We anticipate that the mid-cycle investments we are making this year will result in meaningful contributions to our future cash flow. For example, our new OxyChem projects are expected to contribute $300 million to $400 million in incremental annual EBITDA, with benefits expected to start in late 2023 and full project benefits expected in early 2026.  
 Additionally, near-term investments in our low-carbon debentures businesses are expected to enable the commercialization of exciting decarbonization technologies with the potential to generate cash flow detached from oil and gas price volatility. We believe that the combination of our low cash flow breakeven, high-return assets and emerging low-carbon businesses uniquely position us at the forefront of our industry to create value for our shareholders.  
 Value creation for our common shareholders governs our cash flow priorities. The allocation of excess cash toward debt reduction over the past 2 years was key in positioning us to initiate the next phase of our shareholder return framework. Our balance sheet improvement efforts reduced interest and financing costs, which contributed to an increase in our sustainable and growing dividend and the completion of last year's share repurchase program.  
 Building on this success, we've already completed over 1/4 of our current share repurchase program, enabling us to trigger the redemption of approximately $650 million of preferred equity in the first quarter.  
 As dictated by our 2023 cash flow priorities, we intend to continue allocating excess free cash flow towards share repurchases, which, in turn, may trigger additional preferred equity redemptions. We expect that these measures will be accretive to cash flow on a per share basis. In combination, we believe that these actions will further our goal of continued enterprise value rebalancing for our common shareholders and serve as a catalyst for future common equity appreciation.  
 I'll now turn the call over to Rob. 
Robert Peterson: Thank you, Vicki, and good afternoon, everyone. I want to begin the day by highlighting our March credit rating upgrade and positive outlook for Moody's Investor Service. Gaining the Moody's investment grade rating is a significant milestone that acknowledges Oxy's recent financial transformation. Continued redemption of preferred equity, combined with opportunistic debt reduction, points to a compelling deleveraging story that we hope will facilitate future upgrades. The execution of our cash flow priorities over the last several quarters enabled us to begin redeeming the preferred equity. We have redeemed or have given notice redeem approximately $647 million of preferred equity so far this year at a cost of approximately $712 million, including a 10% premium payment of close to $65 million.  
 To date, we have eliminated approximately $52 million of annual preferred dividend, while also transfer enterprise value to our common shareholders.  
 During last quarter's call, we reviewed how the mandatory redemption of preferred equity is triggered when rolling 12-month common shareholder distributions reached a cumulative $4 per share. The preferred stock agreement requires at least a 30-day notice for each redemption. By the end of this week, all $647 million of preferred equity triggered for addition during the first quarter will be fully redeemed. As of May 9, we have distributed $4.57 per share to common shareholders over the rolling 12-month period. We intend to continue repurchasing common shares in part to remain above the $4 trigger per share for as long as we are able.  
 We recognize that staying above the $4 trigger will become more challenging in the latter half of this year due to the timing and pace of our prior share repurchase program. Our ability to remain above the $4 trigger will be heavily influenced by commodity prices. But even if we fall below the trigger, we plan to continue repurchasing common shares so that the distribution is required to surpass the trigger in future quarters are more evenly spread throughout the year.  
 During a period where we may be below the $4 trigger, we may also seek to retire debt opportunistically, which would achieve a similar result of transferred enterprise value to common shareholders and further enhancing our credit profile.  
 Turning now to our first quarter results. We posted an adjusted profit of $1.09 per diluted share and a reported profit of $1 per diluted share. The difference between our adjusted and reported profit for the quarter was primarily driven by the premium paid to redeem the preferred equity.  
 We concluded the first quarter with nearly $1.2 billion of unrestricted cash, but had not yet made payments to preferred equity holder as of March 31 due to the 30-day redemption notice requirement. However, the first quarter call on the preferred equity is reflected in our balance sheet as an accrued liability and will be captured in future cash flow statements as payments to the preferred equity holder made.  
 During the first quarter, we generated approximately $1.7 billion of free cash flow before working capital, which was accomplished despite a lower commodity price environment as compared to prior quarter, lower domestic realizations as compared to WTI, lower sales and production due to the quarter-end timing of cargo  lifting in Algeria. We experienced a modestly negative working capital change during the period, which is typical for the first quarter, and was primarily driven by a semiannual interest payments on our debt, annual property tax payments and payments under compensation and pension plans. These items, which are largely classified as accounts payable and accrued liabilities were partially offset by a net decrease in receivables, driven by lower commodity prices.  
 We see the potential for working capital partly reverse in the second quarter since many of these payments are made annually in the first quarter, but accrued throughout the year. As discussed in the last call, we expect to be a full U.S. federal cash taxpayer in 2023, which is reflected in our financials by the reduced deferred income tax provision and our cash flow statement compared to prior quarters.  
 We are pleased to update our full year guidance for oil and gas in OxyChem as a result of excellent first quarter performance in both businesses. Vicki reviewed many of the highlights in our oil and gas business that contributed to our production outperformance across our high-quality assets portfolio. These factors enabled us to surpass our first quarter guidance and some are expected to continue having positive impact on production throughout the year. Specifically, the acceleration of the Al Hosn gas expansion project and new well performance in our domestic onshore businesses are expected to yield higher production than originally planned. These positive results provided us with the confidence to increase our full year production guidance midpoint to 1.195 million BOE per day.  
 Looking ahead, we anticipate that the second quarter production will be in the lowest of the year, primarily driven by the timing of domestic onshore activity and optimization of our maintenance schedule to reduce planned downtime in the Gulf of Mexico. As discussed on our last call, we expected that the first quarter of 2023, will have the fewest wells come online in our U.S. onshore business all year. This proved to be the case as the Rockies and Permian unconventional businesses turned 6 and 53 wells to production, respectively, in the first quarter.  
 In the second quarter, we expect to turn significantly higher number of wells on production the benefits of which will be fully realized in the second half of the year. Quarterly timing fluctuations in bringing wells online and the resulting production impact are typically and primarily driven by the optimization of resources and pad development timing.  
 Internationally, we expect production compared to prior first quarter -- we expect higher production compared to the first quarter as our annual scheduled turnarounds were completed and production at Al Hosn is ramping up. Increased international production will be slightly offset by the just finalized Algeria production sharing contract, which decreases reported production but is not expected to have a material impact on operating cash flow. We anticipate that our second quarter oil mix will reduce to approximately 52%. The lower oil production in the Gulf of Mexico and Algeria, compounded by increased gas production at Al Hosn. While our oil mix will be lower in the second quarter, we expect that it will rebound in the second half of the year and be more in line with our full year guidance once maintenance in the Gulf of Mexico is complete.  
 Maintenance work and the associated lower volumes in the second quarter will also contribute to a domestic price operating cost increase of $9.85 per BOE before receding on a BOE basis in the latter half of the year.  
 In summary, our impressive first quarter production and activity plans for the remainder of the year provide us with the confidence to raise full year production guidance despite anticipated reduced production levels in the second quarter. OxyChem approximated guidance in the first quarter. Due to the seasonality of customers' chlorovinyl inventory orders, we anticipate the first half of the year reflects stronger results in the latter half of 2023. Despite macroeconomic uncertainty, margins for OxyChem's chlorovinyl products remain robust and lead us to expect another year of strong results, providing us with the confidence to raise OxyChem's 2023 pretax income guidance midpoint to $1.5 billion.  
 Midstream and marketing generated pretax income of $35 million in the first quarter, falling within our guidance range. First quarter results were primarily impacted by the timing of crude oil sales as well as favorable gas margins due to transportation capacity; optimization in the marketing business. These items were partially offset by lower equity method investment from income from WES.  
 Capital spending in the quarter approximated $1.5 billion and close to 25% of our 2023 capital plan, which remains at $5.4 billion to $6.2 billion. We expect higher capital spending in the second quarter compared to the first due to development timing in Rockies and Permian and advancement of the OxyChem Battleground modernization and expansion project. We also anticipate that capital spending in the third and fourth quarters will be below the second quarter and in line with full year guidance.  
 Overall, the first quarter represents an excellent start to 2023. As we look ahead to the rest of the year, we are favorably positioned to execute on our cash flow priorities and advance our shareholder return framework. We aim to continue shifting our capital structure in favor of our common shareholders in the near and long-term.  
 I will now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. We're now ready for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities. 
Neal Dingmann: My question is it seems like certainly in the Permian and other areas, you're having very nice and remarkable efficiencies, and then there's a potential for OFS potential softness we've heard about. I'm just wondering if you get the benefits of both those things. Would you continue with the plan you have -- basically with those savings, would you just take those free cash flow and call that back into the buybacks at all? Or would you continue with maybe more growth? 
Vicki Hollub: No, we would -- any incremental cash flow that we can generate from whatever sources would go to share repurchases, and hopefully -- and beyond that, the redemption of the preferred along with it. 
Neal Dingmann: Okay. Great to hear. And then just secondly, DJ activity, it sounds like you're going to be really -- you didn't have as many in the first quarter as expected, and that's really going to take off. Maybe could you just comment on as far as well pads, and just I guess the 2 questions I had in the DJ. On permitting, I think you're fine there I just wanted to double check that. And then secondly, just on pad size at all, expectations are you doing anything different there on the completion side. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I'll pass this to Richard. 
Richard Jackson: Neil, appreciate it. Yes, a really good quarter and out looking well for our Rockies team. So I appreciate really the good pieces that they're putting together, maybe just connect a couple of things. I think 1 thing we saw in the first quarter that is playing through all year is very strong base production performance. A lot of that is really strong wells that they brought on at the end of last year that were new wells or wedge that are now turned into base. But in addition to that, they've been able to continue to optimize their production system. The most meaningful thing they've done, they've introduced gas lift earlier in a lot of these wells and even on some of the legacy base performance, which has really gave us a boost. We did quite a few of those in the first quarter. We'll do less in the second quarter. So we won't see quite as much of that bump. But that's been helpful on the base side. 
 On the new well performance side, I mean, obviously, we're happy to see we included this peak 24-hour record for this [ Nio C ] well. And I'd say that's fundamentally a good thing to see out of our new well performance in the Rockies. We've been able to continue to down space in certain areas, similar to how we do our development in the Permian. So in many areas where there might have been 18 wells per section, we're down to 12. We've been able to increase our profit concentration to couple with that down spacing, and have been able to increase that about 30%. And then just the efficiency of really the frac and then turning that online, we're continuing to reduce, not only the time to market as we traditionally talk about it, but 1 that the team there has been very focused on, which is a time to peak production. And so being very thoughtful about how we're building this operational ramp in for the rest of the year. 
 But I guess, last couple of points, as you said, we had 6 wells delivered in the first quarter, that was per plan. Really, the second quarter through the end of the year, we anticipate 20 to 30 wells per quarter kind of fit that total year outlook. So definitely, picking back up on that in terms of well delivery. So bottom line, if you look at the first half and the second half, as we communicated on the last call, we expected some decline just through really the cycle of underinvestment as we picked up activity in the second half of last year. That we'll be able to then turn to growth for the second half of the year, and both of those are looking better than original plan. So very pleased with the team there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: The first question is more of a short-term question and then the second is around low carbon. I just -- in the quarter, it looked like price realizations were a little bit soft. And so some of that, it sounds like, was just around turnarounds on the refining side. But can you just talk about that and clarify as it did drive some delta versus consensus? 
Robert Peterson: Well, Neil, I think there were 3 key components of that. First of all, looking at the calendar month average roll in terms of the NYMEX price, we've seen the market switch really from backwardation to contango at the end of March, impacted realizations by about $1.50 per barrel. So starting there across the domestic portfolio. 
 Following that, in terms of the Gulf of Mexico, it had an amazing quarter. But at the same time, there were refineries on the Gulf Coast that had turnarounds going on. And so moving from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, realizations dropped against WTI by about $3.50 per barrel. Additionally, there was an outage in the DJ Basin as well, third-party outage, which caused realizations there to drop by about $1 a barrel. So with those components altogether, that really impacted oil realizations. 
Neil Mehta: That's really helpful. And then if you could give an update on the low-carbon business as you progress towards DAC-1. What is -- what's the latest in terms of the development? And then your thoughts on the voluntary market as well as that can help to bring the project closer to the money? 
Vicki Hollub: I'll start with we had a very exciting groundbreaking -- official groundbreaking finally on the low-carbon venture business, DAC-1, that we'll be building in the Permian Basin. It's already under construction. The work started at the end of the last quarter. We had an official naming at the groundbreaking. It's now called Stratos. And currently moving along very well, and we're really excited about it and excited about where the teams are headed with it. Do you want to talk about the carbon market? 
Richard Jackson: Yes, sure. And maybe just to add broadly on a couple of other updates on kind of the low-carbon progress. Like Vicki said, obviously, moving with DAC-1 in the Permian, but then continue to progress our sequestration hubs in the Gulf Coast, continue to move forward kind of with the subsurface understanding or the work that we're doing there. 
 Really, the big piece of that, we've submitted 2 more Class 6 wells in our hubs there and then 2 more for -- to support our Permian operations so to continue to do that. In the King Ranch area, we're making plans to drill what we call 3 stratigraphic kind of test wells that'll go in front of the Class 6 submissions there. So continue to do really that upfront work to kind of prepare for development, both from the point source side and the DAC side in both those areas. 
 In terms of the market, continue to see the voluntary market strong or growing for our CDR sales. I think we'll anticipate having some updates on that over the next few months, getting close to some meaningful things there. But I think a lot of that is really turning to the compliance market as well as really globally as we've talked about, things around heavy-duty transportation and specifically airlines have continued to sort of form up, I'd say, sustainable aviation fuels especially in Europe, have continued to recognize kind of these carbon removals as part of that portfolio of solution. So we're seeing some policy form in addition to what we see in the U.S. with the IRA to kind of help support that. So the voluntary market is in front of that. We appreciate working with some strong partners there that understand the role of carbon removals, understand the emergence of these compliance markets. 
 And so they're really doing their part to help us catalyze this technology, bring this cost down, while we fit that long-term compliance market need. So more updates, I think, we hope to give later this year as that makes more progress, but certainly fitting within the ranges and the expectations we have on the revenue side for our DAC projects. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. 
Douglas Leggate: I guess I've got a couple of follow-ups because this -- I mean watching your share price reaction last night to the earnings, the market obviously saw something it didn't like. And it struck me at least that a lot of the people who cover you didn't cover Anadarko and perhaps don't remember the seasonality of Gulf of Mexico maintenance. So I wonder if you could just take a minute to explain how you're running that business as it relates to the seasonality of production? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Thank you, Doug, for bringing that up. And yes, you're right. I think that, that's not very well understood. What's happened with us now in terms of our forecast for Gulf of Mexico is, I want to make sure everybody realizes. This is pretty typical. What's different for this year is that we had such an incredible first quarter. And the reason that we had such an incredible first quarter is because, first of all, we had the lowest downtime that we've had in a while. It was a very, very, very good performance, operating performance by the teams in the first quarter in Gulf of Mexico. Secondly, we had the Caesar-Tonga subsea system excellence -- or expansion system come online. So from Caesar-Tonga, we had an incremental increase of a gross 15,000 barrel per day from that project. So our Q1 was really propped up by some good performance, lower downtime and the transfer of what would have been the Horn Mountain maintenance in first quarter to second quarter. 
 The reason we moved that from first quarter to second quarter was just some supply chain issues in getting the materials we needed from the supplier. So this would have looked like any normal year if we had our -- been able to do the maintenance as we had planned to do. Now I think what's gotten people concerned is going from 171 to such a lower number in the second quarter. But Horn Mountain is one of the biggest producers that we have offshore. So doing that maintenance in a given quarter is impactful. And along with that, we have another couple of maintenance projects on the schedule along with some well work that we want to do. So the full year still looks really good. We were at 144,000 barrels a day. So that hasn't changed. It's just the timing and how it looks much, much lumpier than we're used to and that others are used to. And again, it's because of the bigger maintenance that wasn't done in Q1 that will be done in Q2, along with much higher production than we -- than people are used to seeing. So thanks for the question. And... 
Douglas Leggate: Yes. I appreciate the clarification, Vicki, because it remarkable that, that would seem to be the primary focus of discussions after the result last night, and I just thought it'd be worth reminding everyone that legacy Anadarko that was entirely normal. So thank you for the clarification. My follow-up is really, I guess, it's a Rob question. But you mentioned inflation, Rob, or at least I think Vicki did in her remarks that things might be rolling over a little bit. But your CapEx guidance is still quite wide. So I wonder if you could just give us a tip of the hat as to where you see the trend going? 
 Should we be starting to think that you've got a chance of coming in towards the lower end of that range? Or is that more activity led? Or was it more -- had you already baked in a reasonable amount of inflation that might not now happen? 
Robert Peterson: I think as a discussion in Vicki's comments, and I heard also from Richard, is that we are seeing things sort of plateauing at this point. Some pieces are rolling over. There's still a fair amount of wage inflation pressures in the Permian that we are still seeing. So I wouldn't say we're ready to committed to the fact that things are going to roll over and decline for the balance of the year so we've maintained that guidance. As Vicki commented on the earlier question that if we are fortunate enough to have things fall off, and it allows us to continue the same level of activity for a lower cost, we would roll that back into additional share repurchases in the balance of the year. And then Richard probably has some additional comments. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I would -- that's perfect, Rob. I just was going to add one. I'd say the other element we factor in is continued efficiency improvement. So Doug, ramping up last year, getting started this year kind of hitting steady state with our rigs and our frac cores. We do expect continued efficiencies. I mean we highlighted on the singular wells of these records, but it's really in total, we're anticipating some improvement in the second half of the year. So we leave a little bit of room on that. where the burn rate just gets a little faster as we gain in efficiency. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Royall from JPMorgan. 
John Royall: So my first question is on chemicals. You were in line in 1Q, but you raised your full year guide. So you're seeing something that's giving you more confidence in the remainder of the year, but it does feel like there should still be some challenges to the housing market. So just looking for some color on the guidance raised in chems so early in the year and what appears to be an uncertain environment? 
Robert Peterson: Yes, John, I think you've characterized it actually pretty well in your question. So if you look at domestic PVC demand through the first quarter compared to last year, it's down about 18% year-over-year. However, what we've seen is the export business has picked up that slack in the first quarter as it's up almost 80% year-over-year. So we end up with a combined demand for PVC that's up about 2.5%, 2.7% for the country versus last year. And that driving on that softness in domestic demand, as we discussed on prior calls, is really being driven by housing construction sector. We still believe that inventories remain low for many PVC buyers as we're entering sort of the heart of construction season. But no doubt, there's encouraging macro conditions between inflation, mortgage rates and regional bank issues have converters a little more reluctant to build what would be typical inventories for this time of the year for construction. 
 So our guidance reflects that continued uncertainty and the trajectory of the global business and the domestic business. We still firmly believe there's a lot of pent-up demand for construction, but they're just cautious with the macro conditions. I would say, however, that the lower energy prices in terms of gas prices resulting in lower ethylene prices also does create the opportunity for some margin in the business that might still be present and stickier even at these lower demand levels. That's part of the raise. 
 I would say on the caustic side of the business, we're seeing this sort of balanced along type conditions. General manufacturing is certainly off from prior year, particularly automotive remains subdued. So domestic demand is similar to last year, but availability is certainly higher than it was before. And so we're seeing that result in some price erosion continually in the caustic side of the business. 
 So we're still assuming that the unwinding of inventories in Europe take the balance into the middle of the year and then the Chinese economy continues to open slowly. If either one of those happen more rapidly, that would certainly be favorable to the business. So that increase in guidance really reflects some optimism around things kind of reaching a stability point at least next quarter or so and then preserving some of the margins with the lower feedstock costs. 
John Royall: Great. And then my next question is on the paydown of the preferred. You gave some color on the downside case and if you end up going below $4 a share LTM. Is there a commodity price where you think you might expect to pull back on the buyback and go below that $4 a share? And just assuming we stay above it, is that $700 million-ish run rate, including the premium, a good go-forward click to think about? 
Vicki Hollub: I would say it's just based on the cash available. We're going to use the free cash that we have to continue to buy shares and to trigger the preferred as we can do that. But -- and we're monitoring that. We have an outlook on that. So we're being pretty thoughtful around what the rest of the year might look like. 
Robert Peterson: Yes, it's certainly because of the concentration of share program last year, this year is lumpier, and it makes it more challenging in Q3. I think we've talked on an annualized basis we would probably want oil prices in the $75 range to be able to continually stay above the trigger point. But as Vicki made her comments earlier, our intention would be is even as we fall below the $4, that as part of our shareholder return program is continuing to buyback stock. And so even if we fall below the $4, our intention is to continue to return value to shareholders through buybacks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: Rob, just want to go back into the budget. What's the underlying inflation that you included in your regional budget? And have you -- I suppose that you didn't really build in into any deflationary in the second half? And how much is your service and raw material for this year will be subject to the spot prices if we do see deflationary? That's the first question. 
 And second question is that, I think, in the prepared remarks, talk about on the DJ Basin that for the remaining of the year. The well come on stream will be pretty variable each quarter. How about in the Permian? 
Richard Jackson: Paul, let me -- I'll try to start on both of those. In terms of really inflation, when we look year-on-year, we are around 15%. This is domestic in the U.S. Of course, internationally, we didn't see near that. But in the U.S., looking at around 15%. We had plans that were embedded in our budget to offset about  5 of that through operational efficiencies. So we're generally on target for both. Let me deconstruct kind of the second half and then a few of the bigger components. So the second half of the year, we are seeing some things soften. When you think about OCTG, obviously, power costs and fuel, some of the labor components, those are types of things that we see as potential. 
 We also have quite a few of our rigs and frac cores that are up, and so we'll be exposed a little bit either way there, though, like we talk about, we have longer-term relationships and we're able to balance kind of that long-term with short-term pricing with our service partners on that front. So the big areas we're looking for is continuing to kind of watch the OCTG market. We'll see what rigs and fracs do this year. Obviously, we're steady, but we'll see what the rest of the market has to do. 
 And then probably the other point that we would watch or that would impact us is sand. We're using more regional sand even in the Rockies. There's some different sand choices, but our primary supplier there continues to be in front in the Permian, and so we're seeing some opportunity on that. So at this point, we're not looking to change our outlook or kind of change the way we're thinking about the budget, but we did want to note those are the key variables that we're watching that will impact us. 
 And then in terms of the Permian, similar sort of well count type change, not quite as drastic as what we're seeing in the DJ. But we had 56 wells online in the first quarter. We'll see that kind of hit more steady state of around 100, 110. And really, what happened, just to give a little bit more color, as Rob kind of said in his prepared remarks, a lot around development sequencing. So if you think about the ramp-up and then going into the fourth quarter, where you're exposed to weather, we had pads with smaller well count. And so we did that to really derisk kind of the production in the fourth quarter, and really it was production in the first quarter. 
 As we started in the first quarter, many of our well pads, Midland Basin, Delaware Basin, they've gone north of 10 kind of wells per pad. So you have a lot more SIMOPS that's better from a value standpoint, but it does change kind of that sequencing of production online. But we do see -- while the well count was low and the kind of residual DUC count grew for us in the first quarter, we expect to hit steady state really on both of those as we go into the second quarter and definitely in the second half of the year. So hopefully, that helps a little bit there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Leo Mariani from ROTH MKM. 
Leo Mariani: I just wanted to follow up a little bit more on the low carbon venture business here. I guess recently, it came out that you guys invested kind of more money into NET Power here. And I just wanted to maybe get some color around kind of what the sort of confidence is in that business? And why putting the incremental money there? 
 And then sticking on low carbon ventures, I just wanted to see if there was any maybe update on sort of funding for the DACs here at this point in time. Are you all having really detailed conversations out there? Or do you think there could be something that gets done here in '23 in the funding? 
Vicki Hollub: I'll start with NET Power. We started looking at NET Power about over 2 years ago, almost 3 years ago. The reason we like it is because the physics and the technical aspect of how it works is impressive. And as we've -- I know mentioned on this call before, it's really the only source of emission-free power technology that uses hydrocarbon gases. And with hydrocarbon gases being so plentiful in the United States and in other areas of the world, we felt that a technology that actually can continue to use gas, hydrocarbon gas for the generation of power is going to be incredibly transformative for the power industry, not just here in the United States, but internationally as well. 
 And when you look at it, it combines hydrocarbon gases -- combust hydrocarbon gases with oxygen instead of air. So you have no volatile organics. And the CO2 which is created drives the turbine, and then it's captured on the -- as part of the process. So it does all the things that we needed to do and that other companies will need as well. And you look at the Appalachia, all the gas there, the gas of the Haynesville, the gas in the Permian and the DJ, it creates a lot of opportunity to build a lot of these things. 
 Our confidence was bolstered also by the fact that we have now Baker as an equity owner in this process, and they are redesigning the turbines to make it more efficient. So when we are able to start building this, which should be in the 2026 time frame or maybe a little bit before, we expect that the cost of this will be less than what a traditional power plant would be if you put carbon capture on it. So it's a very flexible technology. We will be building the first one of those in the Permian Basin to provide power for our oil and gas operations, and then in the future, it will be one of the emission-free power sources that we use for our direct air capture units. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. The only thing I would add on NET Power, like Vicki said, we've started FEED on that first plant with the NET Power team, and getting that 2026 time frame lines up very well to not only what we need for direct air capture, but it's a great fit for oil and gas operations to help decarbonize the power, obviously, that we have. But the other offtake of that is CO2. So as we look to really transition and be able to use more anthropogenic CO2, it's a great fit. 
 So the -- on the DAC, and Vicki can help with this, too, I think we continue to think about funding not only for DAC-1 but especially for DAC-2 and beyond. To reiterate, that is absolutely our plan. We know that with commercial development success as we go beyond Plant 1, we really will need that financial support to be able to develop as we see the market growing for us to fit into. 
 So I think we want to continue to progress this year. Obviously, we'll give updates on any of that as it comes forward. But meaningfully, as I answered earlier, kind of the market or the CDR sales caused progress on the project and then kind of how we think about the capitalization as we go forward. We want to be prepared as we go late this year and into next year to be able to give meaningful updates as that project continues. 
Vicki Hollub: And I guess what I would like to add that too... 
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's clear enough. 
Vicki Hollub: Sorry, Leo. One thing I'd like to add to that is that as we look at what the cost of this is going to be for us and what funds we will have to provide out of our free cash flow basically, it would be in the $500 million to $600 million range. It wouldn't be a lot more than that over the next 2 to 3 years. So I want everybody to understand that, looking forward, our capital program for our oil and gas development, chemicals, midstream, the corporation's capital is going to be invested in a way that, that fits with the priorities that we've established, one of which, and as important as any of the others, is investing in ourselves. That is the repurchase of shares. That's a big part of our cash flow priorities. And I want to make sure that people don't think that we're going to, in the future, have capital spending so much that we can't accomplish that. 
 For example, last year, we -- out of the $17.5 billion of cash that we had available to those 3 buckets, the debt reduction, share repurchases and capital programs, 57% went to debt reduction, 17% to share repurchases and 26% to our capital programs. If we had a similar situation with that kind of cash, 40% would go to capital programs, but 55% would go to share repurchases, and potentially up to 5% for debt reduction. So this is something that we're very committed to is not to let our capital grow to a point where it's not a -- we're not able to buyback shares at the level that we really need to do. 
Leo Mariani: Okay. Very thorough answer. Very much appreciate that, guys. And then just a follow-up on your comment on sort of chemicals. EBITDA on the expansion over time kind of eventually kind of getting to this $300 million to $400 million as we get towards '26. You mentioned in the prepared comments that you could start seeing some as soon as late '23. Can that number kind of start to be significant even as early as 2024? Could we get something even like 1/3 of that potential EBITDA next year? Just trying to get a sense of how that would ramp over time. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. Leo, the early days contribution from that is going to be from the smaller expansion project. It's in the $50 million EBITDA range. The $250 million to $350 million number we've given for the battleground project that's out beyond the project in 2026. 
Operator: The next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo Securities. 
Roger Read: Yes. Maybe just 1 quick 1 to clarify off your comment, Vicki, to Leo's question about the CapEx, the $500 million to $600 million per year. That's inclusive of NET Power and DAC or just 1 or the other? I was just want to make sure I understood that. 
Vicki Hollub: That's all of our low carbon ventures capital. And that is assuming that we don't bring in a partner. And we are having some really good conversations with -- in fact, with -- 1 with a preferred partner that could materialize maybe sometime this year or if not this year or next year. So we do expect to get some funding. But what we want to make sure we relate to you guys is that, if we don't, that's the maximum of spend that we would have. Otherwise, we're looking at potentially having a lower spend than that with a partner. 
Roger Read: Okay. I appreciate the clarification. And then my other question, and this ties into the goal of maintaining the $4 of common repurchase on an annual trailing basis. None of us know what commodity price is going to be. You've got -- as pointed out in the presentation, right, 1 of the largest acreage holdings in the U.S. We've seen some of the other upstream companies trimming back a little bit or identifying some things as, I guess, we could call it noncore or something they simply won't be drilling and completing anytime soon. 
 So is there any acreage or other type of asset sales proceeds could be used to sort of plug those gaps if they arise or to offset the lumpiness that's coming forward? Just anything you can offer on that front would be appreciated. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, one of the things we do is we're always looking at how do we make the best value decisions? And when you -- when we think about divestitures, being a source for funding to continue the repurchase and the redemption of the preferred, that's certainly an option that we would consider. We -- the reality of where we are today though is that our position is large. And when you do the relative valuations of divesting versus for the continuation of this program, you have to make sure that you're making the right decision there. And I would say there's smaller things that would be optional for us to potentially do, whether it would be large enough scale to continue it is the question at this point. But we are considering other options that I doubt would mature and soon enough to be able to meet the  cliff that we're facing right now. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no more questions in the queue. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. 
Vicki Hollub: I just talked to say in closing that I know there's been a lot of concerns among investors in the -- in our industry, particularly with respect to asset quality, execution, performance. And as Doug had pointed out, I wonder if that's part of the reason for the reaction to what we're seeing today. But looking at our asset quality, I think there's nobody that could question the quality of our assets. And you look at our past performance, I also think that our continuing improvement in well productivity in the Permian and some data that we'll show next earnings call about our performance in the Rockies, will clearly show that we're not losing any capabilities. We're not losing any performance. And in fact, looking at what our teams are doing technically today, they continue to innovate, continue to optimize. And with the mention of a new technique in the DJ, there are also new ways of doing things that we're trying in the Permian as well as in our Oman operations, Gulf of Mexico with the subsea pumping and systems installations, starting to look at our seismic differently. 
 I think that for our company, we have not seen degradation in the quality or performance of our teams. And I want to thank our teams for that because they continue to push the envelope and every year get better and better. And so I don't think there should be any concern about where we are today and what we're doing is it's just a kind of a strange scenario where, in second quarter, it happens to be the lowest of the year, but our production and productivity is continuing to get better. 
 So with that, I want to thank you all for participating in the call today. 
Operator: Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-28 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Occidental's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Neil Backhouse, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Neil Backhouse: Thank you, Rocco. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's Fourth Quarter 2022 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Richard Jackson, President, Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management. 
 This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. We'll also reference a few non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in the schedules to our earnings release and on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Neil, and good afternoon, everyone. On today's call, I'll begin with highlights of our 2022 achievements, including an oil and gas update followed by our fourth quarter performance. Next, I'll discuss our 2023 cash flow priorities, our enhanced shareholder return framework and our 2023 capital plan. Rob will then provide an update on the status and mechanics of Oxy's preferred equity redemption before reviewing our fourth quarter financial results and 2023 guidance. 
 In 2022, our record net income of $12.5 billion, generated a return on capital employed of 28%, which is the highest return we have achieved since before 2005. We also delivered record free cash flow before working capital of $13.6 billion, which enabled us to retire more than $10.5 billion of debt and to repurchase $3 billion of common shares. Our return on capital employed was enhanced by exceptional performance as our team set multiple operational and productivity records across our U.S. onshore, Gulf of Mexico and International businesses. OxyChem generated record earnings and our Midstream business approximated guidance. 
 Also in 2022, our high-return Permian production grew by 90,000 BOE per day, propelled by outstanding well results. We delivered our best year ever in Delaware new well productivity, making 2022, the seventh year in a row that we were able to increase our average well productivity, as shown in our presentation's appendix on Slide 29. Our teams accomplished this by applying our proprietary service modeling and completion designs to our high-quality reservoirs. 
 Well performance, along with our Oxy drilling dynamics and logistics efficiencies, enabled us to achieve reserves replacement ratio driven by our capital programs of over 140% at a cost of $6.50 per BOE, which was less than half of our current DD&A per barrel. With price revisions included, the total reserves replacement ratio was 172%, which increased our year-end 2022 reserves to approximately 3.8 billion BOE. 
 Except for the years of the price collapse in 2015 and the pandemic in 2020, we have replaced more than 100% of our production for at least the last 20 years. With the depth and quality of our shale well inventory and 2 billion barrels of remaining potential in our Permian enhanced oil recovery business, we have the scale to continue our history of reserves replacement. 
 A deep inventory, along with our unique portfolio of short-cycle, high-return unconventional assets paired with low decline conventional assets, OxyChem and our Midstream businesses, we have the capability for long-term sustainability and the flexibility to allocate capital to maximize returns for our shareholders. In 2022, we also made significant progress in developing the capabilities and assets needed to secure a low-carbon future, which is the other key to our sustainability. 
 We started site preparation on our first direct air capture plant and executed several exciting agreements to sell carbon dioxide removal credits to prospective purchasers in the industry -- diverse industry sectors. We also secured over quarter million acres of land or approximately 400 square miles to develop carbon sequestration hubs. The fourth quarter of 2022 was a fitting way to wrap up a year of continued operational and financial success. We generated over $2.6 billion of free cash flow, which supported nearly $1.6 billion of balance sheet improvements. 
 We also repurchased $562 million of common shares in the quarter, completing our 2022 share repurchase program. In our business segments, Oil & Gas approximated the midpoint of guidance, despite winter storm Elliott impact. Outperformance from the Gulf of Mexico and Al Hosn partially offset storm impacts experienced in the Permian and Rockies. OxyChem exceeded guidance, driven by stronger-than-expected market dynamics, while Midstream and marketing earnings were within guidance. 
 In December, Oxy participated in the recapitalization of NET Power. This is a technology that generates emission-free power generation and has the potential to accelerate emissions reduction efforts in our existing operations and to supply electricity to our direct air capture plants and sequestration hubs. Ultimately, NET Power could be an important emission-free power generator anywhere that has access to natural gas. 
 Among the record set in 2022 were lateral lengths in the Delaware Basin, DJ Basin, Oman and most notably in the Midland Basin where our well Lulu 3641 DP exceeded 18,000 feet to become our longest lateral on record. Remarkably, this well was drilled in slightly over 12 days. Milestones like this showcase our team's focus on safely and efficiently expanding the boundaries of drilling technology. Our teams also achieved an Oxy Delaware Basin record for wedge productivity, averaging a 30-day initial production rate of over 3,000 BOE per day from all wells that came online in 2022. 
 We believe that 2 of our wells in the First Bone Spring in New Mexico and 6 of our wells in the Barnett formation of the Midland Basin achieved initial 30-day production records amongst all operators in their respective formations. In addition, we are continuing to consolidate acreage via trade that enable more capital-efficient, longer laterals, which help to optimize the required infrastructure. The longer laterals, exceptional well productivity and optimized infrastructure, partially offset inflation impacts in 2022, and we expect similar benefits as we progress through 2023. 
 After highlighting 2 of our Gulf of Mexico assets, Horn Mountain and Caesar-Tonga on previous earnings calls, I'm pleased to announce another Oxy production record in our offshore operations. Our Lucius platform surpassed 150 million BOE of gross production in less than 8 years from first oil, becoming the fastest Oxy developed Gulf of Mexico platform to reach this milestone. 
 Internationally, we, along with our partner, ADNOC, achieved record quarterly production at Al Hosn with 85,500 BOE per day net to Oxy. The Al Hosn expansion project is progressing well and remains on track for mid-2023 completion. We expect Oxy's Al Hosn net production to ultimately reach approximately 94,000 BOE per day. We are pleased with the total value we've created for shareholders in 2022, including the debt reduction of $10.5 billion and the $3 billion of share repurchases, along with a successful capital program of $4.5 billion. 
 With our debt from outstanding bonds down to less than $18 billion and consistent with our shareholder framework, we will shift our focus to share repurchases, dividend growth and a capital program that further strengthens our sustainability. Over the long term, we intend to repay maturities and opportunistically retire debt to further reduce our cost structure and strengthen our balance sheet. 
 In future years, we will seek to grow our cash flow and earnings to support increases of our dividend and the continuation of our share repurchase program. While we do intend to grow the absolute value of the company, as part of our value proposition, we also want to increase value per share for our shareholders through dividend growth and the reduction of outstanding shares. 
 Accordingly, our Board of Directors authorized an over 38% increase in our common dividend and a new $3 billion share repurchase authorization, which will trigger a redemption of a portion of the preferred equity. Future cash and earnings growth opportunities could come from our shale and conventional oil & gas assets as well as our chemicals business and ultimately, our Low Carbon ventures business. 
 Turning now to 2023. Our business plan is designed to maximize return on capital and return of capital to our shareholders while also strengthening our future sustainability by prioritizing asset-enhancing investments to support the resilience of Oxy's future cash flows. These investments include $500 million for low decline mid-cycle projects, including the previously announced modernization and expansion of OxyChem's Battleground chlor-alkali plant and a new OxyChem plant enhancement along with Permian EOR in the Gulf of Mexico. 
 Of the $500 million that I just mentioned, we plan to spend $350 million on OxyChem projects, which upon completion, we expect will generate a combined annual EBITDA of $300 million to $400 million. We expect the Battleground project to be online in early 2026. The other OxyChem plant enhancement will deliver higher production volumes, enhanced operational efficiency and improved logistics costs. We look forward to providing more detail about this project on a future call. 
 The remainder of the $500 million will be spent in EOR in the Gulf of Mexico. EOR remains a core component of Oxy's asset portfolio and will be essential for our future strategy, so we are glad to return to sustaining capital investment levels this year. In the Gulf of Mexico, infrastructure projects, including subsea pumping initiatives to increase the tieback radius and productivity of the existing platforms, will drive higher capital spending compared to recent years. 
 We're also focused on our high-return short-cycle businesses. Our return to a 2-rig program in the DJ Basin late last year requires additional investment but should begin to moderate production decline by the middle of 2023. In our Permian unconventional business, we intend to run an activity program similar to the second half of last year. Our Permian unconventional assets are best placed to deliver production growth to offset marginal declines elsewhere in our portfolio. 
 Overall, 2023 Permian unconventional capital is expected to decline slightly from 2022 due to the initial capital inflow from the Delaware Basin JV. We anticipate that inflation will continue to be a challenge for our industry this year. In 2023, we expect approximately 15% inflation impact on our domestic Oil & Gas business compared to 2022. As always, we will continue our efforts to reduce and offset inflation by leveraging our supply chain competencies and focusing on continued capital efficiency. 
 Another important aspect of sustainability is the carbon intensity of our operations and what we're doing to address it. We focus on reducing emissions every day as we progress our pathway to net zero, and we've made significant progress over the past few years. Since 2020, our emissions reductions projects have focused on capturing methane and reducing venting and flaring. These projects resulted in a 33% decrease in our estimated company-wide methane emissions from 2020 to 2021 and a 24% decrease in methane emissions intensity of our marketed gas production. 
 We were the first U.S. oil & gas company to endorse the World Bank's Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 initiative, and I'm pleased to announce that our U.S. Oil & Gas operations achieved Zero Routine Flaring 8 years ahead of that target. That was a major achievement. Our international operations have implemented projects to significantly reduce routine flaring, and we're on track to meet the World Bank's target well ahead of 2030. 
 In 2023, we also intend to invest in several unique and compelling Low Carbon business opportunities to advance our net zero pathway.  Ongoing construction of our direct air capture facility in the Permian and the development of our large Gulf Coast sequestration hubs, including pore space certification, will be among our expected investments. We anticipate that our first direct air capture, or DAC, plant will complete commissioning and begin to capture carbon in late 2024 and be commercially operational in mid-2025. 
 This timing is a few months later than our original target  as we navigate the current supply chain environment and focus on construction sequencing to support faster optimization and the application of new technologies and innovation. Our 2023 capital investment in these Low Carbon businesses is expected to total $200 million to $600 million, subject to third-party funding optionality for the DAC and the timing of projects. 
 We mentioned on our prior call that our net zero ambitions will require funding outside of Oxy's historical capital allocation program. However, we are prepared to fund our first stack ourselves if utilizing our capital preserves the most value for our shareholders. Our capital plan includes investments in our carbon sequestration business, both through the development of the Gulf Coast hubs we previously announced and through drilling appraisal wells. 
 Investments in other projects that reduce Oxy Scope 1 and 2 emissions will also continue. As part of our strategy to develop Gulf Coast sequestration hubs, we're pleased to announce that we will be working with energy transfer low-carbon development to build a pipeline network from point source emitters in the Lake Charles area through our Magnolia sequestration site in Allen Parish, Louisiana. This pipeline will support our point source carbon capture and sequestration business, which we intend to develop, along with our DACs, to help meet medium- and long-term greenhouse gas emission reduction goals for Oxy and our customers. 
 Before turning it over to Rob, I want to reiterate that our 2023 capital plan focuses on projects that best position Oxy for long-term success. As in past years, we retained a high degree of flexibility, which allows us to adapt to commodity price fluctuations and reduce spending if necessary. Now I'll turn the call over to Rob. 
Robert Peterson: Thank you, Vicki, and good afternoon, everyone. Last year, we repaid over $10.5 billion of debt and retired all remaining interest rate swaps breaking on our balance sheet and improving our credit metrics as we seek to regain investment-grade ratings. The completion of our $3 billion share repurchase program moved us closer to returning over $4 per share to our common shareholders, which will begin to trigger a redemption of the preferred equity. 
 Our vastly improved financial position, even compared to 1 year ago, enables us to begin allocating a greater proportion of excess free cash flow to our shareholders in 2023. Today, I'll begin by explaining where we are in terms of partially redeeming preferred equity. I'll then detail our redemption mechanics in a scenario where the $4 trigger is met. 
 The mandatory redemption of preferred equity is triggered with a rolling 12-month common shareholder distributions, which accumulate at $4 per share. This trigger is evaluated daily based on shares outstanding on the day capital is returned. As of today, we have distributed $3.70 per share, so additional $0.22 per share is required to reach the $4 trigger. In our presentation, we have included an illustrative example of a $100 million distribution to common shareholders after the $4 share trigger is reached. 
 In conjunction with the common distribution, a $100 million mandatory matching distribution Berkshire Hathaway will be made, of which $91 million will redeem preferred equity principal with a $9 million or 10% premium. In this example, Oxy would incur a $200 million total cash outlay. This process of mandatory redemption repeats as long as the trailing -- per share trailing 12-month distribution to common shareholders is greater than $4. There is no limit to exceeding the $4 per share trigger through additional distribution to common shareholders. 
 Consequently, even if the trailing 12-month distribution decline, additional distribution to common shareholders will still trigger partial preferred equity redemption. We expect our refreshed share repurchase program to combine with our $0.18 per share quarterly dividend to enable us to exceed the $4 per share trigger to begin redeeming the preferred equity. While the magnitude and pace of the partial preferred redemption and resulting enterprise value balancing will ultimately be driven by commodity prices, we expect our shareholders to benefit in a similar way to the value created in 2022 through debt reduction. 
 I'll now turn to our fourth quarter results. We posted an adjusted profit of $1.61 per diluted share and a reported profit of $1.74 per diluted share. Difference between adjusted and reported profit was already driven by a noncash tax benefit related to reorganization of legal entities. As Vicki mentioned, our Board recently authorized a new $3 billion share repurchase program following the repurchase of approximately 47.7 million shares last year for a weighted average cost of below $63 per share. 
 We exited the quarter with approximately $1 billion of unrestricted cash after paying $1.1 billion of debt and retiring $450 million in notional interest rate swaps. For the year, we completed over $10.5 billion of debt repayment, which eliminated 37% of outstanding principal and resulted in a sizable reduction in interest rate -- interest burden. We estimate that the balance sheet improvements executed in 2022 will reduce interest and financing costs by over $400 million per year. 
 Our proactive debt reduction efforts leveled the company's profile of future maturities, so that we now -- so we have less than $2 billion of debt maturing in any single year for the remainder of this decade. Going forward, we intend to repay debt as it matures and may also reduce debt opportunistically. We repaid approximately $22 million in January and do not have additional maturities until the third quarter of 2024, providing us with a clear runway to focus on returning cash to shareholders and partially redeeming the preferred. 
 In the fourth quarter, we generated approximately $2.6 billion of free cash flow, even with inflation continuing to pressure costs and capital spending. Domestic operating expenses were higher than expected, primarily due to the impact of winter storm Elliott, equipment upgrades and platform life extension work in the Gulf of Mexico and inflation. Overhead increased as a result of higher accruals related to compensation and annual environmental remediation. 
 Capital spending in the quarter was higher than expected due to inflationary impacts, investments in attractive OBO projects, scheduled changes leading to activity in higher working interest areas and rig starts for our Delaware JV. We further improved our liquidity position as [indiscernible] Oxy became the first company ever to securitize offshore oil & gas receivables and an amendment that increased our accounts receivable facility by 50% to $600 million. 
 In 2022, we paid U.S. federal cash taxes of approximately $940 million, in line with our previous estimate. As we move into 2023, we expect to be full U.S. federal cash taxpayer as we've utilized all our NOLs and U.S. general business carryforward credits. We expect our full year production to average 1.18 million BOE per day in 2023. As it was the case last year, production in the first quarter is expected to be lower than the preceding quarter due to scheduled maintenance turnarounds, primarily in our international operations. 
 We'll have fewer wells come online in our U.S. onshore business in the fourth quarter, with only about 15% of our Permian wells and 6% of our Rocky wells for the year turning over to production. That said, our overall production trajectory is expected to be smoother in 2023 than in the prior year. Throughout 2022, we worked with Colorado regulators and local communities to successfully navigate the permitting process. 
 Our work positioned us to add back 2 rigs in the DJ by the end of 2022. Given the reduced activity levels over the last few years, our Rockies production is likely to be lower in 2023 than last year. Production is expected to stabilize in the second half of 2023 once the benefits from the additional rig picked up in the fourth quarter of last year fully materialize. 
 Setback rules in Colorado typically lead to a pad development approach with a linear time-to-market cycle as compared to simultaneous operations in other shale plays. This operating environment creates negligible additional costs for our development, but this year is expected to have a noticeable impact on time-to-market as our activity ramps up. The DJ Basin remains an exceptionally high return asset for Oxy, and we welcome the return of sustaining capital levels to that business, which was predicated by the regulatory certainty and permitting efficiency we are now experiencing in Colorado. 
 The production sharing contract we announced last year with Algeria is expected to take effect in March. Once the agreement is in place, net barrels to Oxy will decrease by approximately 15,000 BOE per day, which is reflected in our 2023 guidance. We do not expect a material change in operating cash flow because the tax rates were also reset under the new PSC. Operating costs across our Oil & Gas business are expected to approximate the second half of 2022 as inflationary pressures remain in our lower-cost DJ Basin production declines. 
 In the Gulf of Mexico, maintenance work to further reduce plan time -- planned downtime and extend platform lives will impact operating costs. We are also increasing EOR downhole maintenance work and CO2 purchases. On a BOE basis, operating costs may increase internationally due to lower reported barrels of the new Algeria contract. 2022 was an exceptional year for OxyChem as the business exceeded $2.5 billion in income. We expect 2023 to be another strong year by historical standards, that was unlikely to match 2022. 
  Caustic soda prices reached all-time highs in the fourth quarter of 2022, but we are now making downward pricing pressures as the macroeconomic environment remains uncertain.  PVC pricing fell sharply in the second half of 2022, but has begun to stabilize. As I've mentioned before, OxyChem's integration across multiple chlorine derivatives enables us to optimize our production mix to what the market demands. We remain optimistic about the business, and our capital investments will further strengthen our margins and competitive position. 
 Looking forward to the rest of 2023 and beyond, we remain dedicated to extending the success of 2022 and advancing our enhanced shareholder return framework. I will now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: We're now ready to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  And today's first question comes from Raphal DuBois with Societe General. 
Raphal DuBois: The first one is about the DAC 1 timing, which seems to have slipped a little bit with operating status now to be reached mid-2025 instead of end 2024. And I was wondering if we should consider that it's -- it means that other DACs, the ones that follow could also be delayed. That will be my first question, please. 
Vicki Hollub: No, we don't expect delays in the other DACs. The delay came because of the supply chain situation that we're experiencing today. We expect that since those are further out, we'll have more time to prepare and to address some of the supply chain challenges that we have today. So we don't expect the schedule to change. 
Raphal DuBois: Great. And my follow-up is on the $200 million to $600 million CapEx for the Low Carbon. Can you maybe help us better understand why it's dedicated for that one? And what is left for other projects? 
Vicki Hollub: We haven't broken out the -- that $200 million to $600 million at this point.  Richard, do you have anything? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I was just going to add, I mean, to kind of help give you some color on the program. I mean, certainly, some of that is allocated as we started construction for DAC 1 this year and obviously continue on the next couple of years with our construction pace. We do continue to develop our CCUS hubs around the Gulf Coast that we've previously disclosed and we announced with the Midstream partnership today. 
 And then the other piece, and I think it partially answers your first question is continuing to look at our DAC Pre-FEED and FEED work as we go into the South Texas Hub. We think that's meaningful. And so while we're progressing and optimizing the schedule for DAC 1, in parallel, we're working with the same innovations and learnings and applying that to our South Texas Hub, which we think we'll be able to keep us on pace for that development as well. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question today comes from David Deckelbaum with Cowen. 
David Deckelbaum: I wanted to dig in a little bit more. You talked a bit about reaching this $4 per share return on capital threshold and now looking at the preferreds has this trigger as a priority. How do we think about your view on the returns of capital on retiring preferred versus, say, supplementing that with asset sales as we work through the year, especially as you get beyond the second quarter of '23 and that trailing 12 months $4 a share benefit kind of rolls off, especially from that notable lump in the second quarter of '22? 
 How do you think about navigating that? And should we expect you to kind of pull forward other sources of cash to try to stay above that threshold? 
Vicki Hollub: Hitting the threshold has been really not a target, but an outcome of a plan that we wanted to execute anyway.  Share repurchases is such a critical part of our value proposition that this is the way it has evolved. We're not really sure what the macro is going to do towards the end of this year. So in terms of what, if any, asset sales we would do to keep the pace, that really is dependent on the value -- what value we see in doing that and what we have available. 
 But I would say right now, we don't have anything on the list to sell. Of course, anything we have is for sale if it's for the right price. But there's nothing that we're actively marketing right now. And we believe that the second half of the year could potentially bring a macro environment that allows us to continue without engaging in any additional asset sales. 
David Deckelbaum: That's helpful. Maybe if I could switch just to the second quickly around Low Carbon ventures and DAC. There's obviously some funding that's been made available under the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law. It seemed like you alluded to some flexibility in the budgeting around DAC for potentially other sources of funding. 
 Can you walk us through maybe the application process and the timeline for how we might think about any potential loans that would be coming through or when we might have some more information around other sources of funding? 
Richard Jackson: David, this is Richard. I'll try to answer a piece of that. Really, two pieces, as you described. I mean we continue to have good discussions with capital partners, not only for DAC 1, but as we look at capitalization over the life of our development plan. And so that's an important part that we want to stay fresh with. 
 The second part is, as you mentioned, some of the grant programs that are directly associated with CCUS and DAC specifically. We're not in a position to talk in detail on that today, but we are -- and have communicated before, we think our projects fit very well the intent of that program. We think the -- really the advanced design and really state that we're in as we go into DAC 1 and then into the South Texas Hub puts us in a really good position for that type of program. 
 I think the South Texas Hub, as you look at that, in particular, is just a unique opportunity to look at sort of the large-scale build-out when we've contemplated the 30 DACs for that area. So to directly answer your question on updates, I think we'll have more as we go this year, but we'll leave it at that for now. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays. 
Jeanine Wai: I have two questions, I guess, around the Permian, if we could. The first one, maybe on inventory. The second one on sustaining CapEx. On inventory, we compared your updated slide versus the prior version. And after adjusting for wells to sales in '22, it looks like the location count for the wells that break even for under $60. It really isn't all that different, which implies about a 16-year inventory at the current pace. 
 So just wondering if you can talk about any of the differences in assumptions between the old and the new inventory calculations, whether it's on cost or on development strategy? For example, we saw in the footnote there that your updated inventory uses the '22 budgeted well cost. And how different would that look if you used current costs? 
Richard Jackson: Great. Jeanine, this is Richard. I'll try to help answer a few of those. I mean very proud of our inventory, obviously good acreage position that we have and have accumulated, but very pleased with the team's ability to continue to advance that. So as you noted, especially in Permian resources, strong less than $60 breakeven with long activity. I'd say some of the changes that have occurred, we tried to highlight one even in that slide is really thinking about longer laterals. So able to continue to core up acreage where we're at, be patient in development areas to allow that to happen and really sequence our developments to accomplish the longer laterals. 
 So as we were able to do that, obviously, that may go down one, but we've made a much more valuable single well inventory. The other thing I would say is just really the environment over the last couple of years. As we restated capital or began to put capital back into the program since 2020, that's allowed us to really develop some new areas and zones. 
 So for example, the First Bone Springs wells that we noted, very proud of those.  What happened during that underinvestment cycle, we continue to work the technology and the development plans to really advance those zones. And so those type advancements in areas and zones like that also are adding to our inventory. But that restoration in capital, we believe this year especially will allow us to further advance our inventory. 
 For example, we have 40 target wells in 2023 that we believe will fully replenish the wells we drill this year. And so we're pretty thoughtful in terms of how we're expanding that and approaching that inventory. And so hopefully, as we go, that will continue to grow in the Permian. But even in areas like the Powder River Basin, we're resuming some activity this year. 
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. Moving to the sustaining CapEx. In the $3.5 billion sustaining CapEx estimate, how much of that is allocated to the Permian? And does that keep Permian production flat versus '23 levels? We know Oxy has got a ton of different operating areas, and there's a lot of different ways to keep production flat there? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. When we think about sustaining capital levels, it's really how do we maximize the return on capital employed for each of the assets that we have, while ensuring that we could do that for -- on a multiyear basis. And for example, when you talk about the Permian, there's the resources part of the business and the EOR part. The EOR part, the way we've been able to maximize return on capital employed for it is to actually keep the facilities fully loaded all of the time. 
 So we're not -- we don't have unused capacity and keeping those facilities fully loaded requires a certain level of capital. We certainly have the potential to continue to grow the EOR business beyond that. But up to this point, that's what we've been able to do to get the most value out of it. The Resources business, combined with the EOR business, would require about $1.8 billion for sustaining capital. And this year, we did increase the EOR and that's part of the reason to do that is that the lower decline of our EOR business, the lower decline of the chemicals business and our gas flow assets in the Middle East, those are critically important to us. 
 And as you know, we're expanding Al Hosn, which will not very -- not by very much will that increase the sustaining capital there, but will provide us additional low decline cash flow from that asset as well. And that's what we most like about our portfolio is that this diversity of having the lower decline assets combined with the higher decline, but higher cash flow generating assets at least initially is very complementary. So we have the best of all worlds, I think, in the diverse portfolio that we have. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Matt Portillo with TPH. 
Matthew Portillo: Just maybe to start out, I was hoping to see if you could give us an update maybe how things have progressed since the LCV Day on the point source business, maybe some of the conversations you're having with the IRA Bill coming out? And any color that we may be able to look through on when the first project might start up and how you guys are thinking about kind of the total volumes you've secured so far for sequestration on point source. 
Vicki Hollub: Okay. Thank you for the question. I'll pass that to Richard. . 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Great. Matt, I think things for many of us in CCUS and certainly in the U.S. are progressing well post IRA. I think lots of work going on with emitters to transport to sequestration. Our focus really has been sort of similar to oil & gas, really working to secure the best sequestration sites and develop those in a way to be both large scale, so we can get the economies of scale, but also be able to provide that certainty as these deals are putting together. 
 So we have really 5 hubs that we're working that we've talked about. We've got several Class VI wells in progress as well as characterization of these sites. The Midstream providers are very important. And so being able to secure those partnerships early, I think, aligns really the downstream from the capture site to be able to do that. 
 So as we think about sort of how this plays out over the next couple of years, we're hopeful that as we go this year more projects will be able to combine that capture to transport the sequestration and really hit FID and then begin construction over the next couple of years. I think our work even going back to some of the work that we've done in the Permian over the last several years around some of the capture projects there really helped inform us, hopefully, as a good partner about how do you  manage that kind of across the value chain. 
 And so our focus is, again, really on that sequestration. That really puts us in a good position to take together the synergies with DAC as we develop that. And so we're playing that role and having good conversations towards those projects. And again, expect this year to have more updates. 
Matthew Portillo: Great. And then as my follow-up, just around OxyChem, a strong start to the year with the Q1 guide. Just curious how you all are feeling about the outlook for caustic and PVC and maybe what's baked into the guidance expectations as we progress through 2023? 
Robert Peterson: Yes, sure, Matt. So we -- and the theme for the year was domestic PVC demand was actually down about 6.8% in '22 relative to '21. But what we did was we saw as an industry that export demand ended up being about 46% higher, so the total PVC demand actually grew about almost 7% year-over-year in '22. And so when looking into what's going on and what's in our guidance is we saw that softness in PVC through the fourth quarter, but it appears that bottomed out late 2022, early 2023. 
 So all PVC buyer adjustments we believe were largely completed as prices were falling. And we believe, as we sit here today, that many buyers inventories are low as we enter the construction season. We've also seen PVC export prices not only bottomed but are actually starting to trend upward most recently. And in the domestic market, all the producers have independently announced price increases in the domestic market for PVC. 
 So thinking about the guidance in PVC, it reflects the uncertainty of the trajectory of the domestic and global economy that's going to drive that business. And so while there's still this huge pent-up demand we see in construction and the low inventories, there's still headwinds from the impact of the higher interest rates, which now may not peak as early or begin to subside as quickly as anticipated. And of course, the pace of economic activity increases in China is just going to continue to be an impact to the PVC business globally impacting trade flows for PVC. 
 So that's what's factored into this kind of murky outlook for PVC. The caustic soda business, we saw export prices, I discussed in my early comments in export are declining, not just from the impact of the global economy from the China taking, again, longer to restart, but also European markets stocked up significantly on caustic soda as we went into winter. That certainly has started to loosen now. We've gone from tight market conditions to looser market conditions with operating costs come down dramatically in Europe as energy prices have fallen. 
 Our guidance on the caustic side of the business, this assumes it's going to take time for this unwinding of European inventories and a gradual opening of the Chinese economy. So -- but again, I would say, as we've talked in the past,  our chemical business is so heavy weighted in domestic construction and global GDP. We're going to know a lot more about the total trajectory of the year than we do and -- sitting here in February than we will, maybe in May or June at that time. We've got a couple more months to look at it. 
 So Overall, that guidance for the year just reflects that uncertainty around both sides of the business at this point. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. 
Douglas Leggate: First of all, apologies. I was a little late getting on, so I hope my questions haven't been asked already, but a lot going on today. Vicki, I want to ask you about the Gulf of Mexico trajectory and the cash operating cost. It seems to me at least that this is an area where we've always had a little bit of -- it's been a bit murky to understand just what the decline in the development backlog looks like from the legacy Anadarko portfolio. 
 But it seems that you are doing a lot better on the production guide and the trade-off maybe is a little bit higher OpEx. Can you give us your latest thoughts on what you see as the trajectory longer term for the Gulf? 
Vicki Hollub: Our plan for the Gulf of Mexico is to continue to keep it at around the production rate that it's at right now. It's, as you know, a significant cash flow generator for us. So we have the inventory, and we have the plan laid out to ensure that we can -- we have the development ready to maintain the current level of production where it is. We don't intend to significantly grow production. That could be part of the outcome of what some of the exploration and development will lead to. 
 But it's our intent and it will be lumpy. As we've said before, capital there will depend on our exploration successes, how those go and timing. But on the average, our production level should be about where it is today. 
Douglas Leggate: For what period? 
Vicki Hollub: I would say that we just picked up some leases, as you know. We're now doing the preliminary work on those leases. I would say that our trajectory is certainly between -- somewhere between 5 and 10 years of potential inventory to maintain what we have today. 
Douglas Leggate: That's helpful. My follow-up is a favorite question mine though I hate to be predictable. But I want to ask you about your breakeven, but new onset a little bit. Obviously, we've had some inflation, your breakeven capital. What you've recognized today? And I guess, what I'm really trying to understand is how you think about dividend capacity as part of that breakeven, let's say, it's $40. Has that become like a ceiling for your dividend thoughts? And I guess the clarification point, if I may, Vicki, there's been a lot of questions today about DAC, obviously. When you think about that breakeven, are you including the capital or sustaining capital for the DAC business as well? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, certainly, I would say that we are not including the capital for the DAC as a part of our breakeven or sustaining capital. If we were in a scenario where we were down in a $40 environment, unless we had significant capital inflow from somewhere else, we would significantly cut back our development on the DACs unless that development was supported by others. 
 So I would say that when you think about the breakeven for us  and I kind of wish we had never brought that term up because it's so misleading to people. We -- I would say the difference in where we are today and where maybe we've been in prior times is that we keep a model of what it's going to take to support our dividend at various oil price levels. And what we've said is still true that we want to ensure that we're close to a $40 breakeven or less so that if we're in that environment that we can still sustain the dividend. 
 I never want to go through a scenario where we would have to cut it again. But what that breakeven really is, is what would the price and the world look like at $40. So  you can't take our numbers right now and back in to what it would be and expect it to be $40. We've obviously elevated our capital investment higher than what it would be, what the calculation would show the breakeven is today. 
 So breakeven for us means that if you're in a $40 environment, then the supply chain, the services and materials, all of those things would be adjusted to that kind of environment, to that cost. And in that environment, our cost would then be less than it is today on OpEx and even labor cost, services materials. So in that environment, we look at what would it take to ensure that we could sustain our dividend growth. 
 And that's how we would calculate that. So -- and that -- and sustaining capital is different. As I explained earlier, sustaining capital is where you have every asset with the investment level at the point where you're generating the best returns that you can generate from the infrastructure and facilities that you have and the resources that you have. So with what we're doing today, as we continue to reduce our cost structure, as we continue to lower our interest from our debt reduction, and we've -- as we will buy back some of the preferred, we'll lower that cost as well. 
 We use those two measures as the primary way we can calculate how much we can grow our dividend. So as we're continuing to reduce interest, as we're continuing to reduce the preferred dividend, that will be the capacity available for the growth of the dividend. And to further get it to increase it on a per share basis, our share repurchase program is intended to help with that as well. So it's an absolute number cap that we have as well as a share repurchase program that allows that dividend per share to continue to increase over time. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: Two questions, please. If -- I have to apologize. I want to go back into the inventory. That number, how that will change for those that is -- for less than $50 WTI and we changed the Henry Hub gas price to 2 50 and the internal way of return to, say, 15%, 20% and also for the cost, I mean how that is going to get changed? That's the first question. 
 And the second question that I think a lot of your peers that -- or at least some of them have signed the LNG supply agreement and one of your largest peers actually make an investment -- equity investment in the LNG plan. Want to see if Oxy think that, that will be a suitable investment for you? And what is the game plan there? 
Vicki Hollub: I'll take the LNG question first as Richard is pondering the other question. The LNG question, one of the things that we've always tried to do is make sure that we do things that are within our core competence. And so our core competence is getting the most out of oil & gas reservoirs and handling CO2. So LNG is not something that we would want to be a builder of. And if it's something that we don't want to be a builder of or use as a part of our strategy in our oil & gas development and our Low Carbon, if it's not a part of that, that's not something that we would put our investment dollars in. We're not going to go too far from what we know how to do the best. 
Richard Jackson: Paul, this is Richard. I can try to answer your question on the inventory. I mean, as you think about sort of a discount rate against that inventory, obviously, if it's higher, that would change the numbers a bit, but we are still very strong in that inventory. For example, in the DJ, as we think about that program and we look at gas price fluctuations, we look at plus 50% type program returns even at a lower gas price than what we show there. So it will impact things. 
 But I think in terms of the strong returns that we have well exceed sort of our expectations on return on capital. And we continue to manage that inventory to drive really what we develop into those lower breakeven categories. Probably the other thing to say on that, basically, the inventory this year with the wells that we drill are all less than $40 breakeven. 
 So we've been able to high grade ahead of time to make sure that we have sustainability of those returns. And as I mentioned earlier, the wells that we targeted to replenish 100% of our drilled wells this year, we'll expect to carry that same result. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. 
Roger Read: I'd like to follow up really, I guess, on the Gulf of Mexico, maybe secondarily, on the EOR side. Relative capital discipline or maybe even aggressive capital discipline over the last couple of years for the obvious reasons. Just wonder how you're comfortable in terms of the outlook for the Gulf and also for EOR, just that whatever your base declines are now, any sort of catch-up capital maybe to maintenance or anything like that, but that sets you up for flat in the Gulf and maybe flat-to-growing in the EOR over the next couple of years. Just what you did to get comfortable with that outlook? 
Vicki Hollub: I think just starting to restore the capital to both of those assets has been helpful. And it was basically all that we needed to do. One of the things that we never stopped doing was investing and making each of those operations better. And that's why a little bit of the increase in OpEx is making in the EOR business getting some of the wells that had gone down during the pandemic, putting those wells back online, which increased our well maintenance budget, but those are very inexpensive and high-return barrels. 
 So starting to do that. And we didn't shut down any kind of maintenance around the infrastructure, and no kind of decreases in capital around the maintenance of our equipment. So really, it was more from the standpoint of just getting wells back online for EOR. And in the Gulf of Mexico, we've taken the opportunity to work on the -- not only the surface to ensure that we could increase our run time there with reduced capital and not being as aggressive with drilling wells out there, we were still improving productivity by spending dollars on improving run time and also putting in subsurface pumping equipment to expand the radius of our spars and to also increase productivity and extend our reserve lives out there. 
 So  the work that we've done in the Gulf of Mexico has really kept us prepared to get back to sustaining levels, both in the Gulf and EOR, without any sort of issues beyond the next year or 2. 
Roger Read: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up. Any issues with permitting anywhere on federal lands or in federal waters? 
Vicki Hollub: I'm sorry, what was that?  Permitting... 
Roger Read: Yes, permitting since you're not so much federal onshore, but federal offshore. 
Vicki Hollub: Federal offshore, we've had -- not had issues permitting thus far. Even when the permitting moratorium came out, we were able to still get things done and get things approved. And so I don't see the permitting point to be an issue for us offshore at this point. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from John Royall with JPMorgan. 
John Royall: So just looking at your guidance for domestic OpEx per barrel in 2023. It looks like it's up about 6.5% from last year. And more in line with the 2H of '22, which I think Rob said in the prepared comments. Just comparing that with the 15% inflation on the capital side, can you talk about the gap there on why the OpEx inflation rate is so much better than the CapEx inflation rate? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I'll just reiterate the comments I made about the GoM and then Richard's got some information on onshore. But for the Gulf of Mexico, as I was saying, some of the work that we did was just to prove up our ability to increase our run time there. And that in and of itself is going to increase your OpEx a little bit this year and a little bit for next year, but it's delivering in terms of barrels because, as you've seen, the Gulf of Mexico has helped to offset some of the declines from other areas and some of the storms. So we're better prepared offshore now for higher productivity. Richard, do you have some on the permits? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Maybe just a little bit on onshore OpEx. I mean, one major difference when you look at capital and that 15% and then kind of what we're seeing in OpEx is OCTG. While we have some exposure to that in our kind of maintenance activities, it's far less pronounced, and that was the single biggest category really last year for us. 
 So really, OpEx, it's been a couple of things. We break it down into inflation and then scope. And scope would be some of the maintenance activities like Vicki's describing for the GoM. So really 2022 from an OpEx perspective, U.S. onshore, most of it was really WTI or kind of price indexed inflation, things like power, CO2 price ruts which were a little unique there, gas processing, things like that. 
 And really scope was pretty well managed. We -- our maintenance activities picked up a bit at the end of the year, mainly downhole maintenance and EOR. As Vicki said, as you go into 2023, it's much more balanced. If you see the increase, there is a little bit of kind of inflation carryover in terms of processing and CO2 volumes are up a bit this year for EOR as we've resumed activity there, but it's a lot more scope. 
 So as we begin to resume production activities, water management, compression, these type of things show up. But by and large, we've been able to hold that cost structure for OpEx pretty well. We go back really to kind of first quarter  '20 and look at those type of run rates, and we've been very good holding our cost structure since that. Probably the last thing I'd say kind of to the maintenance activity similar to the GoM, for us, in U.S. onshore, it's a lot about uptime improvement. 
 So continuing to work with a third-party gathering and processing companies and then within our fields to be able to be resilient through weather and just sort of manage this production in a good way. So adding that uptime adds significant value to the year. And so some of our OpEx-related activities have been focused there as well. 
John Royall: Great. And then next one is just on the quarterly progression of production. And apologies if I missed something here, but I see that the midpoint of production guidance stays the same in 1Q versus the full year. But you do have the Permian ramping and you have the Al Hosn project starting later in the year. So what are some of the moving pieces there that are kind of pulling things the other way? And then how do you expect production to progress throughout the year? 
Richard Jackson: Maybe I'll start just kind of a U.S. onshore perspective. Permian being able to ramp up to the end of last year and really secure the resources by the end of the year puts us in a much better position for sort of steady-state growth. However, the first quarter, as we noted, is a little lumpy. We had about 40% less wells online versus kind of other quarters in the year or even against fourth quarter. It's a little lumpy on the Permian. 
 And then really the moving part is the Rockies. We've been underinvested from sustaining capital over the last several years. And so as we talk, we're resuming some activity there. We have about fourth quarter '22 to first quarter '23 about a 15,000 barrel a day decline and that sort of steadies out into the second quarter. And then we actually start growing in the Rockies in the second half of the year. And so that, from an onshore perspective, is a big part of that moving part. And then the other one is really our GoM weather assumption. So I think that's the other piece to consider when you look at the trajectory on total. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. In total, as Richard mentioned, GoM will be down a little bit, international up a little bit as Al Hosn comes on and comes on stronger towards the end of the year. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. . 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you. I'll first by expressing my gratitude to our amazing teams for their diligent focus and pioneering work that contributed to so many advancements in our core cash generating and emerging Low Carbon businesses . So much appreciate all that you do and for always going above and beyond. Thank you all to the rest of you for joining our call today and for your questions. Have a good afternoon. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-09 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Occidental's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Rocco. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Richard Jackson, President, Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management.
 This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. We'll also reference a few non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in the schedules to our earnings release and on our website.
 I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. We delivered another strong quarter operationally and financially, enabling us to further advance our shareholder return framework as we made meaningfully -- meaningful progress toward completing our $3 billion share repurchase program. We achieved our goal of reducing the face value of our debt to the high teens and plan to continue repaying debt through the remainder of this year before allocating a higher percentage of cash flow to shareholder returns next year.
 The excellent operational performance of our businesses was a key driver of our strong financial results, including generating the cash flow required to advance our shareholder return framework and further strengthen our balance sheet. OxyChem delivered strong earnings following a record second quarter, while our Gulf of Mexico, International, Rockies and Permian teams set new operational records.
 This afternoon, I will cover our third quarter operational performance and the exciting progress our Low Carbon business has made since our investor update in March. Rob will cover our financial results as well as our updated guidance, which includes an increase in full year guidance for all 3 of our business segments.
 Our businesses all performed well in the third quarter, enabling us to generate $3.6 billion of free cash flow before working capital, with total company-wide capital spend of approximately $1.1 billion. Our oil and gas business delivered production of nearly 1.2 million BOE per day, exceeding the midpoint of guidance by approximately 25,000 BOE per day. Outperformance from the Rockies and Gulf of Mexico were key drivers of our production exceeding third quarter guidance.
 The Rockies' success was driven by better-than-expected base production and higher NGL recoveries. In the Gulf of Mexico, we benefited from unseasonably calm weather during most of the third quarter and better-than-expected performance from Horn Mountain West. Our ability to generate substantial free cash flow, even as oil prices declined compared to the previous quarter, positioned us to complete approximately $2.6 billion of our $3 billion share repurchase program through November 7. 
 Over the last 12 months, we have returned approximately $3.21 per share to common shareholders moving us closer to potentially being able to begin redeeming the preferred equity in 2023. We also repaid approximately $1.5 billion of debt in the third quarter and in the period ending November 7. Providing commodity prices remain supportive, we intend to reduce the face value of our debt approximately $18 billion by the end of this year, meaning that we will have repaid over $10 billion of debt in 2022.
 As we enter 2023, we expect that our free cash flow allocation will shift significantly towards shareholder returns. We intend to reward shareholders with a sustainable dividend supported by an active repurchase program, continued rebalancing of our enterprise value in favor of common shareholders, and a reduction in our cost of capital as the preferred equity is partially redeemed.
 Turning to OxyChem and Midstream. Both businesses benefited from supportive market conditions during the third quarter. OxyChem exceeded its guidance since chlor-alkali prices continued to strengthen and the expected softening in the PVC markets did not materialize to the extent that we had forecast. 
 We continue to be highly encouraged by well performance across our portfolio. In the Delaware Basin, we delivered our best quarter to date for early well performance with the 46 wells online averaging peak 30-day rates of over 3,600 BOE per day, demonstrating the superior quality of our inventory and subsurface expertise. And in the Texas Delaware, we recently brought online a new Silvertip well with the highest initial oil production of any horizontal well previously drilled in the lower 48.
 The Python 13H well posted a 3-stream IP of almost 20,000 BOE per day and averaged over 11,000 BOEs per day over its first 30 days online, which we believe to be the strongest performance ever for a Permian well. Overall, the Python development has outperformed expectations, and we're looking forward to developing the offsetting areas over the next few months.
 We're beginning to see additional progress in Colorado's new permit approval process. In August, we received approval from the Colorado Oil & Gas Conservation Commission for the state's first comprehensive area plan under the recently implemented regulations. This plan has paved the way for us to complete more than 200 new wells in Wells County over the next few years. Also, several drilling permit applications that had been pending for a period of time were recently approved, allowing us to add back a rig in the DJ Basin after reallocating 1 earlier this year.
 With the permits we have in hand and our expectations for future approvals, we have enhanced our flexibility as we formulate our activity for next year. Last quarter, we celebrated first oil from our new discovery field in the Gulf of Mexico, Horn Mountain West. While it's exciting to realize production from new discoveries, our existing fields have abundant potential that we continue to unlock with innovative technical solutions like subsea expansions. 
 For example, our Caesar-Tonga field recently reached a production milestone of 150 barrels of cumulative oil production since the start-up 10 years ago. Caesar-Tonga is a subsea tieback to the Constitution spar and is one of the largest fields in the Outer Continental Shelf. This impressive achievement is the result of the collaboration and hard work across Oxy's Gulf of Mexico business unit including the asset development teams and offshore personnel, who focus on delivering safe and efficient barrels every day.
 In the years ahead, we plan to continue maximizing production capacity through projects like this one. The Caesar-Tonga subsea expansion, which is scheduled for start-up in the first quarter of next year, will address facility bottlenecks and maximize production capacity from the field, while signaling a transition into the next phase of field development.
 In the second quarter, I highlighted new production records at Al Hosn in the UAE and Block 9 in Oman. I'd like to congratulate our Al Hosn and Oman teams again this quarter for breaking those recently set records. We're beginning to benefit from incremental production from Al Hosn and are pleased the expansion project is on track for completion in the middle of 2023.
 Turning to our Low Carbon business, I'm pleased to share that we broke ground on the world's largest direct air capture plant in Ector County, Texas. The first stage of construction, which includes site preparation and road work began in September. Plant start-up is expected in late 2024. 
 During our March LCV Investor Update, we provided an overview of the expected revenues and costs for both direct air capture and point source capture projects. Just then, we had experienced progress on legislative and commercial fronts. Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act, which contains several enhancements to the 45Q tax credit that will incentivize the development of carbon capture projects. Additionally, strong interest from potential customers has provided us with a clearer picture of the market for carbon dioxide removal credits or CDRs, and net zero oil in addition to other products.
 We believe our low carbon strategy, combined with the ability to leverage direct air capture or DAC, for the benefit of ourselves and others, uniquely positions us to lead the market in supplying CDRs to the thousands of businesses that have established net zero ambitions. We are encouraged by the passage of the IRA and previously highlighted the potential for the 45Q enhancements to accelerate our low carbon strategy. We expect the 45Q enhancements to jump start the voluntary market for CDRs, which gives us confidence to increase the number of DACs in our current development scenario from 70 online by 2035 to approximately 100. 
 Equally as important, we expect the accelerated development of direct air capture will enable us to reduce plant capital and operating costs at a faster pace. In March, we provided a capital cost for the first DAC plant of $800 million to $1 billion. Given the inflationary pressures felt across the economy, especially for construction materials and labor, we now expect the first plant to cost approximately $1.1 billion. The current inflationary environment will not last forever, and we will leverage our supply chain and major projects expertise wherever possible, to lower the cost of our first direct air capture as well as the ones to follow.
 The U.S. has taken a leadership role in moving towards net zero making it more accessible for companies to meet their net zero commitments through the utilization of CDRs. Our long-term view on the potential of direct air capture has not changed, but to reach the net zero development scenario of 135 DACs described in our March update, the rest of the world will need to rise to the challenge in the form of global policy support. We're already seeing evidence of this, such as the PACE program recently announced in the UAE, which will catalyze $100 billion in financing and investment.
 The Permian location of our first direct air capture will provide us multiple options to maximize the value of captured CO2. We have the ability to inject the CO2 into a saline reservoir producing CDRs or to utilize the captured CO2 to produce net zero oil from our enhanced oil recovery assets. Our conversations with many corporate partners and potential clients have highlighted the significant demand for CDRs generated through CO2 sequestration.
 To meet this demand and advance our own net zero ambition, we plan to develop several hubs along the U.S. Gulf Coast, where we will have the option to develop direct air capture, provide point source capture and sequestration for industrial emissions or offer both solutions. To advance our ability to provide sequestration services and generate CDRs, we have filed applications for 2 Class VI sequestration permits and plan to file applications in the near future.
 We recently secured 2 new locations for the large-scale development of sequestration hubs. The first location covers 65,000 acres in Southeast Texas with up to 1.3 billion tons of CO2 sequestration capacity that could support up to 20 DACs. We also reached a lease agreement with King Ranch, the largest privately held ranch in the U.S., to build up to 30 DACs and develop point source capture infrastructure.
 Our agreement covers approximately 106,000 acres, which is about 166 square miles with the capability to safely and permanently sequester approximately 3 billion tons of CO2. We expect to develop our second DAC at King Ranch and plan to start the pre-feed before year-end. These 2 new locations are in addition to the 3 hubs focused on point source capture that we're also developing. We have secured almost 100,000 acres in Southeast Texas and Louisiana capable of safely and permanently sequestering approximately 1.9 billion tons of CO2.
 In total, we have secured over 260,000 acres capable of sequestering almost 6 billion tons of CO2 compared to the target we communicated in March of securing approximately 100,000 acres by the end of the year. 
 NET Power recently announced a plan to develop and build the world's first utility-scale natural gas-fired power plant with near zero atmospheric emissions. The plant will be located close to Oxy's operations in the Permian and will supply our operations with clean, low-cost on-demand power. CO2 generated by the power plant will be used -- will be captured and permanently sequestered underground using our existing CO2 infrastructure. This plant will accelerate Oxy's plans to reduce carbon emissions to help us achieve our net zero ambitions.
 This first utility scale plant will enable both Oxy and NET Power to develop best practices that use NET Power's technology to provide emission-free power for our Permian operations and future direct air capture sites.
 I'll now turn the call over to Rob, who will walk you through our third quarter results and guidance. 
Robert Peterson: Thank you, Vicki, and good afternoon. In the third quarter, our profitability remained strong as we posted an adjusted profit of $2.44 per diluted share and a reported profit of $2.52 per diluted share, even as commodity prices declined from the recent high set in the second quarter. The difference between adjusted and reported earnings was primarily driven by a gain on sale and a tax benefit related to foreign restructuring, partially offset by early debt extinguishment cost and mark-to-market adjustments.
 As Vicki mentioned, we made substantial progress towards completing our $3 billion share repurchase program in the third quarter. We have repurchased almost 42 million shares through November 7 for approximately $2.6 billion with a weighted average price below $62 per share. We intend to complete the share repurchase program by year-end and allocate any additional cash flow this year to reducing debt further.
 During the quarter, approximately 7.4 million publicly traded warrants were exercised, bringing the total number exercise as of September 30 to almost 12 million with approximately 104 million remaining outstanding. The warrants were a cash exercise instrument, meaning that Oxy received a cash payment from the warrant holder upon exercise, which provides them with an additional source of cash to purchase shares and reduce debt. 
 We are very pleased to have completed our near-term debt reduction goal of lowering debt to the high teens. In addition to having repaid approximately $9.6 billion of debt year-to-date, we also retired $275 million of notional interest rate swaps in the third quarter for approximately $100 million in cash.
 We exited the third quarter with approximately $1.2 billion of unrestricted cash on the balance sheet and as of November 7 have reduced the face value of our debt below $19 billion. We have provided notice that the $340 million note due in February will be called on November 15, meaning that we will have less than $23 million of debt due next year. We also intend to retire the remaining $450 million of notional interest rate swaps this year, which we expect to require approximately $150 million in cash at the current interest rate curve.
 As I mentioned on the previous call, we believe reducing the face value of our debt to high teens will accelerate our return to investment grade. We have made outstanding progress over the past 2 years to meet this objective, but understand that we cannot determine the timing of any potential ratings change. The combined impact of improving our balance sheet and reducing debt this year alone is estimated to result in a total annual interest and financing cost savings of over $350 million on a go-forward basis.
 Debt reduction will remain a priority, but we intend to notably redirect our cash flow priorities next year from proactively reducing debt to returning additional excess cash flow to shareholders. Over time, we intend to reduce gross debt below $15 billion.
 As Vicki mentioned, we are raising our full year guidance across all 3 business segments due to outperformance in the third quarter and improved expectations for the remainder of the year. Starting with oil and gas, we have raised our full year production guidance by 5,000 BOE per day to 1.16 million BOE per day for 2022, while our full year capital guidance remains unchanged. But we continue to expect to finish the year on the high end of our capital range. 
 Our production has increased steadily each quarter of this year, which has always been expected outcome of our 2022 plan, in part due to ramp up activity in scheduled turnarounds in the first quarter. We expect this trajectory will continue in the fourth quarter with production exceeding 1.2 million BOE per day.
 Our Permian operations were impacted by higher-than-expected third-party downtime and lower OBO volumes during the quarter. Our strong well performance continues to exceed our expectations, but due to third-party issues in the quarter, our Permian production came at the low end of our guidance range. 
 We have revised our fourth quarter Permian guidance down slightly from the implied guidance we provided last quarter, as our third quarter exit rate was lower than anticipated. We expect strong performance in the Gulf of Mexico and Rockies that more than offset the updated Permian projection.
 As our 2022 plan anticipated an increase in activity throughout the year, our fourth quarter capital spend is expected to be higher than prior quarters this year. The activity that was added in the second half of this year will place us in a strong position for 2023 as our Permian production will grow by over 100,000 BOE per day in the first quarter. Our fourth quarter production is expected to grow approximately 18% from the fourth quarter of last year.
 OxyChem continues to perform well, and we've raised our full year guidance to reflect third quarter results as well as an improvement in our expectations for the fourth quarter. Fundamentals in the caustic soda market continue to be supportive, while softening in the PVC market has occurred at a slower pace than previously expected. 
 We expect the fourth quarter to reflect seasonal trends that are typical for this business, but did not materialize in 2020 or 2021. The seasonal slowdown in construction activity towards the end of the year typically reduces demand for chlorovinyl products, which we have reflected in our guidance.
 I will now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. As we said during our March investor update, achieving our net zero ambitions will require funding outside of Oxy's historical capital allocation program. As the construction phase and technology of our first stack project advances, we will continue to consider strategic capital partnerships and structures to address financing. While we are prepared to fund the first stack plant ourselves, if necessary, we are working to derisk the construction phase and commercialize the technology to attract financing structures that will retain the most value for our shareholders.
 Finally, we understand that there's a high level of interest in our 2023 capital and activity plans, which we will communicate on our next call once our plans are finalized and approved by the Board. As we formulate our plans for 2023, we will focus on retaining a high degree of flexibility in our capital and spending plans, allowing us to adapt and maximize opportunities in a changing macro environment as we do each year.
 Before we go to our Q&A, I'd like to thank Jeff Alvarez for his leadership with our Investor Relations. I'm sure you would all agree, he's done a tremendous job to not only share our story and to help you all understand our strategy and results, he's also provided critical support to our leadership team. We appreciate what Jeff has done with Investor Relations and what he will do for us in his new role that he's recently accepted. That role is to become President and General Manager of [ Sequest ].
 In this role, Jeff will lead the efforts to build our CO2 sequestration business. As you've heard in my script, this is a growing and important part of our low-carbon strategy. Jeff's 30 years of engineering and leadership experience working in domestic and Middle East operations and his proven track record of creating value will be needed for this emerging business.
 I'm happy to announce that Neil Backhouse will replace Jeff as Vice President of Investor Relations, reporting to Rob. And you all know, Neil, in addition to Investor Relations, his diverse expertise includes experience in treasury, finance and banking. Prior to joining Oxy, Neil worked as a corporate banker focused on oil and gas clients for 2 high-profile international banks. He holds BS from Colorado State University, a post graduate degree of Financial Services and a master's degree in International Business, both from the University of Manchester.
 I give tremendous thanks to Jeff Alvarez for his highly favorable contributions he's made to the finance organization, and please join me in extending your support to Neil and wishing him success as he transitions to his new role.
 We'll now open the call for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. 
Douglas Leggate: I appreciate all the commentary. Vicki, I know you don't want to give too much away on the capital program for next year, but I wonder if you could help us with the starting point. We ask you often, I guess, maybe you get a little tired of the question, but on what your sustaining capital is for your upstream business. But obviously, there's a lot of moving parts, particularly inflation and then, of course, your higher productivity that you showed with the pipeline well this quarter. So as a starting point, where do you see your sustaining capital going as you look into 2023? 
Vicki Hollub: The challenge with that, Doug, is that we really don't know what 2023 is going to look like from an inflation standpoint. And we can talk a little bit later about what we expect the inflation to be if people are interested in that. But the way you should think about our capital, all we can tell you is kind of what we see from an activity standpoint. 
 And that would be and we've mentioned before that we're not going to try to grow our oil and gas production from 2022 to 2023. We're going to hold that flat. We've -- for the past couple of years, there have been a couple of business units where we weren't at their sustaining capital. So we're going to return to the sustaining capital of Permian EOR and the Gulf of Mexico.
 And I think you've heard that number for Gulf of Mexico before is around $500 million. And that means $500 million on an annual basis. And for EOR, it's $400 million on an annual basis at least, it could be closer to $450 million. So those are 2 assets that will need to increase more in 2023. 
 In addition, you will see higher than sustaining capital with a couple of projects that we find very interesting for next year, one being a membrane conversion project at the Battleground plant, because, as you know, we talked about it last quarter, it increases the capacity of Battleground by 80% and delivers about $250 million to $350 million incremental EBITDA, while generating a strong return, and we have the expansion of Al Hosn to 1.45 in 2023.
 So adding those projects also will impact our sustaining capital to some degree on a go-forward basis. But both of those projects generate pretty good returns. But if you add the final thing, the inflation part of it, that's where for us, it gets very murky, because we're really not sure what inflation is going to be next year. And not knowing that, it's really hard to now give out what a sustaining capital would be until we get closer to that. 
Douglas Leggate: Okay. I understand it's a tough one, but thanks for framing it for us. My second -- my follow-up question is, and I guess it would appropriate to thank Jeff also for all the field trips we had over the years at Permian. But I do want to reference a couple of slides in your deck. One on Slide 23 and one Slide 25. And what I'm trying to understand is, I mean, it's a remarkable continued improvement in productivity of your well portfolio, but should we think of what we're seeing in Slide 23 as kind of the new normal that's consistent with the inventory depth on Slide 25? I'm just trying to reconcile those 2 on how to get there. 
Vicki Hollub: Okay. I'll pass that to Richard. 
Richard Jackson: Thanks, Doug. This is Richard. I'll try to answer that and kind of start, like you said, with the well performance and then translate that into the inventory, which we wanted to bring back up. I think in total, this year has been a good year. I think we noted in prepared remarks, the growth trajectory of near 100,000 barrels a day from Q1 to Q4 and certainly, the second half of this year has been pronounced. But the best part of that has been the well performance. 
 And so both from a total year basis, that represents 200 wells in the Delaware that's really been drilled across our acreage from North Loving up into New Mexico into the multiple development areas there. And then even the third quarter results that we showed, that was across, I think, around 45 wells across Southeast New Mexico and Loving. 
 And so I say that -- really to say that the consistency we do believe is becoming the new normal as we continue to improve. And I think the Python well is exciting to disclose, but it's really, what's interesting about that is that entire North Loving development area has been consistently good. And even that DSU, where we had that record well, it had offset wells that had been drilled in a similar formation. And so being able to come back where we can develop a DSU with offsets that are child wells, if you like, and be able to have this sort of record performance, I think, is a real testament to the way we do our sort of subsurface development.
 From an inventory perspective, I mean, I think the slide speaks for itself, we've got a lot of inventory that we've accumulated across a good acreage position. The only thing I would add to that is, we continue to have strong, what we would consider, secondary bench. They're not really secondary, because some of these are performing as well as the primary. 
 So I'd point you to some Second Bone Spring in the Delaware Basin and then even the Barnett appraisal that we noted in the highlight. Both of those have moved themselves up to really top tier in our development plans. We have optionality in terms of when we develop that and co-develop it, but it's good to see those secondary benches add to that inventory. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Neil Mehta at Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: I guess the first question is around the production profile. And as you talked about the plan for now as you think about '23 is to keep volumes on the oil side relatively flat. What would you look for in order to change that viewpoint and actually grow volumes? Is it price signal from the market? Or is it a view on where you want your balance sheet to be? 
Vicki Hollub: It's mostly around creating shareholder value and doing it in a way that ensures that it's sustainable over time. And part of our value proposition is to provide a growing dividend, which we, as you know, had the impact, and we're trying to now resume. 
 So what we really want to do is make the best decisions around how to allocate capital. We don't feel like we necessarily need to grow cash flow at this point, because we have significant cash flow at almost all price ranges. We're breakeven below $40.
 So currently, the way that we see to increase shareholder value the most and in a sure way that's sustainable and it also enables us to grow the dividend is to buy back shares in addition to enabling us to grow the dividend over time, but we do believe that at this point, we're significantly undervalued. So that's the best value decision and the best use of our capital dollars there. 
Neil Mehta: And that's the follow-up, Vicki, which is just around the authorization. You guys did a great job in the third quarter and knocking off a decent part of that share buyback authorization. Do you need to come back into the market? And how should we think about timing and sizing there? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, we'll finish the $3 billion for this year and then any cash that's left available this year will go to further debt reduction. Starting next year is when we'll be significant -- have significantly more capital available to buy back shares. So essentially, any free cash flow that's available next year will be allocated mostly to share buybacks. 
 And we really want people to understand that this is not something that we're doing on a temporary basis. We do believe that share buybacks where we are today and where our capital needs are and our cash flow potential, share buybacks is a part of our value proposition as is a growing dividend. And the two work so well together as a combined value proposition. So that's what we're essentially trying to do. 
 We will occasionally, in the near term, do some projects that are not oil and gas but do increase value. So we are increasing value in cash flow and earnings with the membrane development at Battleground and also with Al Hosn expansion. So when we see projects that are kind of opportunistic, we'll take advantage of that to increase cash flow, but we think the better value is to buy back shares and increase shareholder value that way. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Paul Cheng at Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: Maybe this is for Rob. Rob, with the rising interest rate and potentially for the next several years it's going to be much higher than what we've seen in the past 10 years. How that change the LCV business model, if any, given the project financing, the economic return may not be as good as before? 
 And also in your chart, when you're showing from 2022 to '24, the revenue and cost seems to match. So does that means that currently, before we see further improvement that the EBITDA will be 0 for that business? That's the first question.
 The second question is, can you tell us the mechanics of the preferred redemption, look like next year you will start to have parcel redemption. How that work? And also that the warrant related buffer, the preferred, how those is going to get exercised? 
Vicki Hollub: We'll start with the LCV question. And first, I'll just say that we really don't know yet what the inflationary environment is going to be. We don't expect or at least at this point expect that it would be a long-term inflationary period. We know the Federal Reserve is doing all they can to manage that. So what we'll do is we have to continue our business. 
 And on the first direct air capture, it's really important for us to build it and to operate it, before we can understand how to optimize it. And so as we go forward, we'll always keep in mind what our costs are with respect to what the potential returns are, and we'll make decisions on that.
 But based on what we think we can do with it, it's more prudent to continue to invest at this point, preferably with other people's dollars, but with ours if need be, to ensure that we can get the technology tested up and running and improved. You have more to add, Richard? 
Richard Jackson: Yes, maybe just a few things. I kind of -- I think what Vicki says is exactly the way we're thinking about it, important to derisk what we can control, which is really innovation and cost. And so we have our innovation center that we continue to progress. Obviously, getting started on these projects, especially if we have line of sight to multiple projects, will help our costs down as we improve our engineering and/or construction. And so that will be important. 
 The pace of development, very supported by the policy, really gives us an accelerate. I think we're well positioned for some DOE grants that we talked about, I think, with you in the past. So when you think about near-term capitalization, those are options. 
 Longer term, we want to get the cost in the market in place to really support the sustainable business. And at that point, capitalization options are wide open. And so that's sort of how we have thought about that, but very focused on getting really the cost down. On this first plant, really advancing the innovation pathway that we see to really move this development forward. 
Robert Peterson: I'll take the other part of your questions. So the -- within the preferred redemption mechanics, so we cannot voluntarily redeem the preferred shares before August 29. After August 29, we can voluntarily redeem those preferred shares at a price of $1.05 for a 5% premium at par. 
 However, the agreement includes a mandatory redemption provision that obligates us to redeem deferred at a 10% premium or 110% on a dollar-for-dollar basis for every dollar we distribute to common shareholders above $4 on a trailing 12-month basis. 
 And so building off of Vicki's script today, if you -- at the end of the day, we would take all the cash spent on share repurchases, dividend, all distributed to shareholders from November 10 of last year through November 9 of this year, and add that up on a previous day's share count and get a total for that. And so as she mentioned in her opening remarks, that will be $3.21 today. If that number added up to over $4 and everything that we distribute to shareholders above that would go on a dollar per dollar basis to shareholders and equivalent would be redeemed on the preferred on a 50-50 basis. 
 So if it had been $4.10, we would take $0.10 on the current outstanding shares to the dollar amount and applied that towards the redemption of the preferred at 110%. And so we're going to continue that. Once you are above that, you continue with that every day, and if you distribute more value to shareholders, so if we buy more shares back or pay a dividend, an equivalent amount will be applied towards the Berkshire preferred as long as we're above that threshold. You fall below the threshold, you discontinue it until you come back above the threshold and you do it again. And that's the mechanics of how the Berkshire redemption would work. 
 In the case of the warrants, so the warrants could be exercised at any time. And so when you get the warrants exercise to us, the warrant holder pays us $22 per share in exchange for a warrant or a stock being issued in their place. And so we'll take the cash in on that. Warrant holders do not participate in dividends. And so any dividend growth, as Vicki outlined in her earlier remarks and question discussion, they would be not included in that. 
 And so if that -- if the dividend were increased, et cetera, that could drive additional warrants to be exercised. As we mentioned, we've had about $12 million of the $116 million roughly exercised to us. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Raphael DuBois from with Societe Generale. 
Raphal DuBois: I have a couple of questions on OLCV. The first one is on the financing of the first stack. I understood that you might benefit from the Infrastructure Act. Could you maybe give us an update on whether we can expect you to benefit from those subsidies? And then I will have a follow-up question. 
Vicki Hollub: So the plant will be operational in 2024 and then the ability to claim the CDRs would be available at that time. 
Richard Jackson: And maybe I'll just add to that. I mean, in addition, obviously, 45Q in addition to the offtake with the carbon dioxide removals, which are sold to businesses that are looking to reduce their emissions, but also, as I mentioned briefly, well positioned for some potential grant for direct air capture that is available from that Infrastructure Act. So we want to put a competitive program together and show how those can really catalyze our business, which will allow us to reach commerciality quicker, and then we'll become self-sustaining as a business to go forward. 
Vicki Hollub: And as a reminder, what we said in the past that we do have a contract for 100,000 tons per year of CDRs from that first plant. 
Raphal DuBois: And speaking about CDRs, it's a little bit opaque, the value of those CDRs. Can you maybe refer us to some transactions that would have been closed already at the sort of price levels that we can guess from what you show on your Slide #8? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Perfect. I want to quickly just frame the market a little bit. I think what's happening as this market takes shape, carbon dioxide removals, which are uniquely capable to reduce atmospheric CO2, are becoming very appreciated. And so being able to have an engineered solution like direct air capture that monitors the capture of that atmospheric CO2 and then places it safely and securely underground, that's a unique part of this evolving carbon reduction market. And so I want to say that first. 
 Our position in that is really to be large-scale and we think we can be competitive on cost. When you look at all the alternatives to reduce emissions, we think we could be quite competitive given those 2 things. And so while we're not in a position to disclose some of the contracts that we've been working around that, there are some that get publicized. Those are generally smaller volumes and higher costs than what we show on our revenue slide. 
 But we think -- in the way this works from a revenue standpoint, in addition to the 45Q or a policy like that, that gives you support on revenue, we're able to then attach the environmental attribute, which is the carbon removal on top of that, which gives you a total revenue against the cost that we showed in that slide. 
 And so we're pleased with the market acceptance. We're working with some great partners that realize this is a very cost-effective way for many industries and many businesses to reduce their emissions as we look out over the next 10 to 20 years. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. 
Neal Dingmann: First question is around your 23 traditional activity. I'm just wondering specifically, do you anticipate continuing to run, I don't know, I guess it's around 23, 25 rigs next year. Could we see maybe a bit of efficiencies allowing for less? And if that's around the number, do you anticipate those rigs running in kind of approximately the same area as this year? 
Richard Jackson: I can start, and then Vicki can add any context that she needs to. But I think that rough number is about right in terms of where our activity is. We made note of the rig that we picked up in the Rockies. I think the success that we've had with our permitting have given us a strong runway on those very competitive projects in our portfolio. We also have a rig that we picked up in the second half of this year and enhanced oil recovery, which is a great add to our business as we had low decline production to kind of add to the mix. So those are the 2 I would point to. 
 We do have flexibility in the program. We have staggered terms in terms of contracts, so we can adjust to the macro where Oxy needs us to. We can adjust with flexibility. And then the final 2 variables I'd give you is obviously working interest. We fluctuate between 90% to even 50%, 60% in terms of working interest in a business like the Delaware. And so where we have rigs and frac core, sometimes that can look a little lumpy from a capital perspective, but it's simply working interest. And the same could be said really for OBO. 
 And maybe the last thing to note is just our JV. So we're able to extend our EcoPetrol JV into the Delaware, which is a great opportunity for us to accelerate this high-quality inventory, brings a great partner along with us. And so that is another lever that will not be transparent when you're just trying to look at activity versus capital. 
Neal Dingmann: Got it. And then just a second question, maybe, Richard, just staying with you is around that strong pipeline well. Just wondering, could you comment as to magnitude of future locations you all see in that area and any plans near term or maybe even next year to obviously, given the success there, maybe boost activity in that area? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. What's great about them is they're certainly in a very rich geologic area for us, but that area in total is North Loving. And for those of you who know that our position in sort of the Texas Delaware, that's quite a large acreage position. And so near some of the Silvertip wells, which had some of the records in the past, but in the near term, we have 2 or 3 DSUs that will be coming online over the next couple of quarters. 
 But in total, that's a large acreage position that we've picked up, and just excited about prosecuting that. Again, not to challenge our team too hard, but we do continue to find ways to improve. And so whether it's the primary benches like the Wolfcamp Y, which as well was in our secondary in the Bone Spring, I'm looking forward to seeing what our teams can do. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question today will come from John Royall with JPMorgan. 
John Royall: On Chemicals, can you talk a little more about the drivers of the better-than-expected results in both 3Q and I think, 4Q? And how does 2023 set up relative to the run rate in 2H? I know the housing market is likely to become kind of more and more challenged with rates where they are, but that business does seem to continue to do well. 
Robert Peterson: Sure, John. I would say that as we kind of described in the opening comments and we've talked about before is, the macroeconomic conditions continue to drive the demand in our vinyls business. And so interest rates, housing starts are trending unfavorably. So at the end of the fourth quarter, what we're seeing is continued softness in the PVC domestic market. Due to the housing sector slowdown, PVC buyers are also adjusting inventories due to pricing changes. And we're also seeing a fair amount of imports from Asia now into the market due to continued COVID lockdowns in China. So you're seeing a displacement regionally of where PVC typically is. 
 But what's slowing that pace of decline is partially responsible for the beat in Q3 and our improved guidance for the fourth quarter is, first of all, there's still a tremendous cost advantage for U.S.-based chemical production versus Europe and certainly Asia. So the export business that has ramped up, we have a much better competing position from the U.S. And if you look at U.S. exports, they're actually up 28% year-to-date [indiscernible] to September versus prior year. 
 In addition, I would say also despite the headwinds from interest rates, there still is a pretty significant pent-up demand on construction overall in the U.S. It's still pulling through a fair amount. 
 The other key factor I would say is that we're slowing demand in PVC, we'll see the flip side, and we've seen this many times historically is, is when the chlorine side of the molecule slows down to the PVC chain, it naturally makes caustic soda availability much more difficult to come by and tightened up the marketplace. So we've seen steadily increases in caustic soda values, much greater value than we originally anticipated. And so those 2 collectively are the 2 main drivers of our improved performance in the third quarter and our higher guidance for the fourth quarter. 
 Certainly, when we factor in the macro conditions and then look at the fact that we're in a seasonally slow period, that's the reason why you see fourth quarter sequentially down versus the third quarter. We really don't have a window yet to 2023 yet. I mean the very key factors are going to drive that, it would be the length of the impact of housing starts, from interest rates, to how long is COVID shutdowns in China going to persist, because once China reopens similar to the oil and gas market, it's going to draw a lot of that demand that we're seeing or competition we're seeing from Asian produced products to go right back into China as it has historically. 
 And then just this period of time typically is a low demand period, as once we go through winter. So really, we don't have a really good viewpoint on what's going to happen in chemicals until that February-March time frame when we start looking at the construction season. So not a lot of guidance on '24 -- on '23 at this point, but that's certainly, those are going to be the key drivers of what's going to really impact us in '23 and beyond is going to be sort of that PVC demand, construction sector, general kind of durables and construction, coupled with also what happens in China in terms of when they reopen their economy. 
John Royall: Okay. That's really helpful. And then on the King Ranch deal, obviously, it's a very large amount of facility that you can put on top of it. Can you just talk to the pros and cons of building units on that site versus where you're developing DAC 1 in the Permian and maybe some of the other acreage you've secured? And then is there an incremental spend number we should be thinking about over the next couple of years to develop these sites? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Let me start. Really excited about the King Ranch and thanks to the King Ranch for working with us on really a different way of looking at a great asset. Really, the unique things for us in that position, it's obviously a very large contiguous acreage position. 
 So that's -- like oil and gas, that contiguous position allows us to be very smart with the way that we develop, but really, the uniqueness, great geology in South Texas, lots of pore space per acreage position, access to water being on the Gulf Coast with our aqueous fluid design for direct air capture, the ability to grow zero emission power to support this larger build-out of direct air capture. And then proximity to point source emissions. 
 One of the things we talk about, while this is a great place to capture and build direct air capture, proximity to the Gulf Coast to be able to also think about point source submissions and bring that gives us some economies of scale to share that cost. So advantages versus the Permian, they're just different. I think Permian has the proximity to our CO2 infrastructure, has the ability to both do sequestration and net zero oil to enhanced oil recovery process. And so depending on where the customer's preferences are for sequestration or net zero oil, we have the ability to do both. 
 And I think on that point, we get asked a lot, how do we think about that? And I think our ability is they both reduce emissions. As you think about net zero oil or CDRs, you're lowering the atmospheric CO2 and so start there. But the other thing is the ability to grow a market for both allows us to deploy more of this technology and bring the cost down, making it very competitive when you look at other cost -- of cost abatement for emissions. 
 So that's how we think about it. I think, again, pace, I would point you back in terms of how we should think about incremental capital. That will be a function of getting our costs down and improving innovation, how fast the CDR market grows and we anticipate it will and actually value will over the next 10 years. And then in the early time, support from something like the DOE grant could really help catalyze and allow us to move more in parallel. And then again, once we get a sustainable commercial business, capitalization options are wide open. 
Vicki Hollub: And I would just add to that, that we have quite a bit of interest in partnerships and even people investing in the project itself or directly in our Low Carbon business. So there's no lack of interest. There's -- for us, it's a matter of choosing the right partners as we begin this process. And really, it's just about, as Richard said, starting the process, making the technology better and less expensive over time, improving it up, that's when we'll have even more options about how to finance. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from David Deckelbaum with Cowen. 
David Deckelbaum: I wanted to follow up a bit on just the direct air capture plan and some of the incentives around the IRA. Just given the increase are between sequestering CO2 versus utilizing it, has this changed the way that you think about the amount of debt that would be used for EOR or just the EOR business in general? And I guess when we think about the acceleration, I presume that this would all be towards sequestration oriented projects? 
Richard Jackson: I think I can start. I think the markets are evolving. Again, I think our view is that both products, whether that be net zero oil or sequestration or valuable products of the future. And so when you look at that orb it's hard to determine exactly where that's going to land. The good news is we think it's commercial for both. And certainly, when you take into account our ability to produce a low decline, now very low carbon barrel of oil, that's a tremendous potential market for the future.
 And so I think we'll let the markets determine where we go. The good news is we've got options for both. And again, the challenge is we want to deploy this technology to get the cost down. And so were commerciality is supported, this will allow us to do it across both products. 
Vicki Hollub: And I would add that my view is that the world cannot afford a climate transition without -- by cutting out completely oil and gas production. Oil production is going to be needed from decades -- for decades to come and using CO2 in enhanced oil recovery is a way to produce a net zero emission oil. And to have that as the fuel source, it's low cost, lower cost than other options, it would help with the transition, it would help to fund the transition. So I think that oil is needed for us, for our company, in particular, we have 2 billion barrels of resources available for further development in our enhanced oil recovery assets. 
 And we'd like to use either anthropogenic or atmospheric CO2 for the -- to develop those resources. In addition, we do know that we can technically use CO2 in the shale reservoir, so we can increase the 10% recovery that we have today to something much higher than that. 
 So it's -- there is a use for CO2 in enhanced oil recovery. It's not as well recognized yet. But when the world realizes how much the transition will cost, I do believe that this will become the preferred option to ensure that we can continue the production of low-carbon fuel for those that need it. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Leo Mariani with MKM Partners. 
Leo Mariani: I wanted to follow up a little bit on the thought around production here. You guys talked about not really trying to grow the oil and gas production next year. I certainly appreciate that. But I just wanted to kind of clarify on that point. You obviously have pretty significant growth on oil and gas production during the course of the year in '22. So as you think about potential growth in '23, are you more talking kind of exit to exit, so sort of fourth quarter '22 to fourth quarter '23 where there won't be much growth? Because obviously, if you were flat year-over-year, I guess, that would imply your volumes would start dropping here in '23? 
Vicki Hollub: No, we were thinking that probably it would be year-over-year. And I'm not saying that there wouldn't be some growth. We don't intend to grow it. If growth is an outcome, and it would probably be somewhere in the neighborhood of 1% or less. So it's not our intention to grow it. But if we have more wells like Richard just talked about, there will be growth from our assets, but it's not our desire to grow it in 3% to 5%. It's not -- the growth is not the target. It's to develop the best wells in the best possible ways. And if that delivers growth than that's good. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. 
Vicki Hollub: I would just like to thank you all for your participation today, and thanks again to Jeff as he makes this his final call. So thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, ma'am. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-03 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Occidental's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Jason. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Richard Jackson, President, Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management. 
 This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon.  
 I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning or good afternoon, everyone. We achieved a significant milestone in the second quarter as we completed our near-term debt reduction goal and activated our share repurchase program. At the beginning of this year, we established a near-term goal of repaying an additional $5 billion of debt, before further increasing the amount of cash allocated to shareholder returns. The debt we completed in May brought the total debt repaid this year to over $8 billion, surpassing our target at a quicker pace than we had originally anticipated. With our near-term debt reduction goal accomplished, we initiated our $3 billion share repurchase program in the second quarter and have already repurchased more than $1.1 billion of shares.  
 The additional allocation of cash to shareholders marks a meaningful progression of our cash flow priorities as we have primarily allocated free cash flow to debt reduction over the last few years. Our efforts to improve the balance sheet remain ongoing, but our deleveraging process has reached a stage where our focus is expanding to go to additional cash flow priorities. 
 This afternoon, I'll cover the next phase of our shareholder return framework and second quarter operational performance. Rob will cover our financial results as well as our updated guidance, which includes an increase in our full year guidance for OxyChem.  
 Starting with our shareholder return framework. Our ability to consistently deliver outstanding operational results, combined with our focus to improve our balance sheet, have positioned us to increase the amount of capital returned to shareholders. Considering current commodity prices expectations, we expect to repurchase a total of $3 billion of shares and reduce gross debt to the high teens by the end of this year. Once we have completed the $3 billion share repurchase program and reduced our debt to the high teens, we intend to continue returning capital to shareholders in 2023 through a common dividend that is sustainable at $40 WTI as well as through an active share repurchase program. The progress we are making in lowering interest payments through debt reduction, combined with managing the number of shares outstanding, will enhance the sustainability of our dividend and position us to increase our common dividend at the appropriate time. While we expect future dividend increases to be gradual and meaningful, we do not anticipate the dividend returning to its prior peak. 
 Given our focus on returning capital to shareholders, it is possible that we may reach a point next year [ return ] to over $4 per share to common shareholders over a trailing 12-month period. Reaching and maintaining returns to common shareholders above this threshold will require us to begin redeeming their preferred equity concurrently with returning additional cash to common shareholders.  
 I want to be clear about 2 things. First, reaching the $4 per share threshold is the potential outcome of our shareholder return framework, not a specific target. Second, if we begin redeeming the preferred equity, this does not mean there is a cap on returns to common shareholders as cash would continue to be returned to common shareholders above $4 per share. 
 In the second quarter, we generated $4.2 billion of free cash flow before working capital, our highest quarterly free cash flow to date. Our business has all performed well, and we delivered production from continuing operations of approximately 1.1 million BOE per day, in line with the midpoint of our guidance and with total company-wide spending of capital of $972 million.  
 OxyChem reported record earnings for the fourth consecutive quarter with EBIT of $800 million, as the business continued to benefit from robust pricing and demand in the caustic, chlorine and PVC markets. Last quarter, we highlighted the Responsible Care and Facility Safety Awards that OxyChem received from the American Chemistry Council. 
 OxyChem's accomplishments continue to be acknowledged. In May, the U.S. Department of Energy honored OxyChem as a Better Practice Award winner, which recognizes companies for innovative and industry-leading accomplishments in energy management. OxyChem received the recognition for incorporating an engineering, training and development program that led to process changes, resulting in energy savings that reduced CO2 emissions by 7,000 metric tons annually. It's achievements like this that make me so proud to announce the modernization and expansion of one of OxyChem's key plants, which we'll detail in just a minute. 
 Turning to oil and gas. I'd like to congratulate the Gulf of Mexico team in celebrating first oil from the new discovery field, Horn Mountain West. The new field was successfully tied back to the Horn Mountain spar using a 3.5-mile dual flow line. The project came in on budget and more than 3 months ahead of schedule. The Horn Mountain West tieback is expected to eventually add approximately 30,000 barrels of oil production per day and is an excellent example of our ability to leverage our assets and technical expertise to bring new production online in a capital-efficient manner. 
 I'd also like to congratulate our Al Hosn and Oman teams. Al Hosn achieved a recent production record following the first full plant shutdown as a part of a planned turnaround in the first quarter. Oxy's Oman team celebrated a record high daily production at Oman North Block 9, which has been operated by Oxy since 1984. Even after almost 40 years, Block 9 is still breaking records with strong base production and new development ledge performance, supported by a successful exploration program.  
 We have also been active in capturing opportunities to leverage our deep inventory of U.S. onshore assets. When we announced our Midland Basin JV with EcoPetrol in 2019, I mentioned how excited we were to be working with one of our strongest and longest-standing strategic partners. The JV has worked exceptionally well for both partners, with Oxy benefiting from incremental production and cash flow from the Midland Basin with minimal investment. We are fortunate to collaborate with a partner who has extensive expertise and with whom we share a long-term vision. This is why I'm equally excited this morning to announce that Oxy and EcoPetrol have agreed to enhance our JV in the Midland Basin and expand our partnership to cover approximately 20,000 net acres in the Delaware Basin. This includes 17,000 acres in the Texas Delaware that we'll utilize with infrastructure. 
 And in the Midland Basin, Oxy will benefit from the opportunity to continue development with an extension to the capital carry through the end of this agreement in the first quarter of 2025. In the Delaware Basin, we have the opportunity to bring forward the development of high-quality acreage that was further out in our development plans, while benefiting from an additional capital carry of up to 75%. In exchange for the carried capital, EcoPetrol will earn a percentage of the working interest in the JV asset. 
 Last month, we reached an agreement with Sonatrach in Algeria to enter into a new 25-year production-sharing agreement that will roll Oxy's existing licenses into a single agreement. The new production-sharing agreement renews and deepens our partnership with Sonatrach, while providing Oxy with the opportunity to add reserves and continue developing a low-decline cash-generating asset with long-standing partners.  
 Even with 2022 expected to be a record year for OxyChem, we see a unique opportunity to expand OxyChem's future earnings and cash flow generating capabilities by investing in high-return project. On our fourth quarter call, we mentioned the FEED study to explore the modernization of certain Gulf Coast chlor-alkali assets and diaphragm to membrane technology. I'm pleased to announce our Battleground plant, which is adjacent to Houston Ship Channel in Deer Park, Texas as one of the sites that we will modernize. Battleground is Oxy's largest chlorine and caustic soda production facility with ready access to both domestic and international markets.  
 The project is being undertaken in part to respond to customer demand for chlorine, chlorine derivatives and certain grades of caustic soda that we can produce with newer technology. It will also result in increased capacities for both products. The project is expected to increase cash flow through improved margins and higher product volumes, while lowering the energy intensity of the products produced. The modernization and expansion project will commence in 2023, with a capital investment of up to $1.1 billion, spread over 3 years.  
 During construction, existing operations are expected to continue as normal, with the improvements expected to be realized in 2026. The expansion is not a prospective build as we have structurally advanced contracts and internal derivative production to consume the incremental chlorine volume, while caustic volumes will be contracted by the time the new capacity comes online.  
 The Battleground project represents the first sizable investment we've made in OxyChem since the construction and completion of the 4CPe plant, an ethylene cracker that were completed in 2017. This high-return project is just one of several opportunities we have to grow OxyChem's cash flow over the next few years. We are conducting similar FEED studies for additional chlor-alkali assets and plan to communicate the results when complete. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Rob, who will walk you through our second quarter results and guidance. 
Robert Peterson: Thank you, Vicki, and good afternoon. In the second quarter, our profitability remained strong, and we generated a record level of free cash flow. We announced an adjusted profit of $3.16 per diluted share and a reported profit of $3.47 per diluted share, with the difference between the 2 numbers primarily driven by gains in early debt extinguishment and positive mark-to-market adjustments. We were pleased to be able to allocate cash to share repurchases in the second quarter. To date, we have purchased over 18 million shares as of Monday, August 1, for approximately $1.1 billion for a weighted average price below $60 per share.  
 Also, during the quarter, approximately 3.1 million publicly traded warrants were exercised, bringing the total number exercised to almost 4.4 million with 11.5 million -- 111.5 million remaining outstanding. As we said, when the warrants were issued in 2020, the cash proceeds received will be applied towards share repurchases to mitigate potential dilution to common shareholders. As Vicki mentioned, we are excited to enhance and expand our relationship with EcoPetrol in the Permian Basin. JV amendment closed in the second quarter with an effective date of January 1, 2022. To maximize this opportunity, we intended to add an additional rig late in the year to support the JV development activity in the Delaware Basin. The additional activity is not expected to add any production until 2023, as the first Delaware JV wells will not come online until next year. 
 Similarly, the JV amendment is not expected to have any meaningful impact on our capital budget this year. We expect the Delaware JV and the enhanced Midland JV and to allow us to maintain or even lower industry-leading capital intensity in the Permian in 2023 onwards. We will provide further details when we provide 2023 production guidance.  
 Given that January 1, '22 effective date and related working interest transferred to our JV partner in the Midland Basin, we have adjusted our full year Permian production guidance down slightly. Separately, we are reallocating a portion of the capital we earmarked for the OBO spending this year to our operated Permian assets. Reallocating capital operating activity will provide more certainty in our West delivery for the second half of 2022 and the start of 2023, while also delivering superior returns given our inventory quality and cost control. While the timing of this change has a slight impact on our 2022 production due to activity relocation in the second half of the year, the benefit of developing resources that we operate is expected to result in even stronger financial performance going forward. The updated activity slide in the earnings presentation appendix reflects this change.  
 The shift in OBO capital, combined with the JV working interest transfer as well as various short-term operability matters all contributed to a slightly lowering our full year Permian production guidance. The operability impacts are primarily related to third-party issues, such as downstream gas processing interruptions on our EOR assets and other unplanned disruptions at third parties. For 2022, company-wide full year production guidance remains unchanged, as the Permian adjustment is fully offset by high production in the Rockies and the Gulf of Mexico. 
 Finally, we note that our Permian production delivery remains very strong, with a growth of approximately 100,000 BOE per day when comparing the fourth quarter of 2021 through our implied production guidance for the fourth quarter of 2022. We expect production in the second half of 2022 to average approximately 1.2 million BOE per day, which is notably higher than the first half of the year. Higher production in the second half of the year has always been an expected outcome of our 2022 plan, in part due to ramp-up activities and scheduled turnarounds in the first quarter. 
 Company-wide third quarter production guidance includes continued growth in the Permian, but considers the potential for tropical weather impacts in the Gulf of Mexico, combined with third-party downtime and production decline in Rockies given our lower activity set as a result of relocating a rig to the Permian. 
 Our full year capital budget remains unchanged. But as I mentioned in our previous call, we expect capital spending to come in near the high end of our range of $3.9 billion to $4.3 billion. Certain areas that we operate in, especially the Permian, continue to experience higher inflationary pressures than others. To support activity into 2023 and address the regional impact of inflation, we are reallocating $200 million of capital to the Permian. We believe our company-wide capital budget is sized appropriately to execute our 2022 plan, as the additional capital for the Permian will be reallocated from other assets that have been able to generate higher-than-expected capital savings.  
 We are raising our full year domestic operating expense guidance to $8.50 per BOE, which accounts for higher-than-expected labor and energy costs, primarily in the Permian, as well as continued upward pricing pressure on our WTI index CO2 purchase contracts in the EOR business. OxyChem continues to perform well, and we have raised our full year guidance to reflect the exceptional second quarter performance as well as a slightly better than previously expected second half of the year. We still see the potential for market conditions to dampen from where we are today due to inflationary pressures, though the long-term fundamentals continue to remain supportive, and we expect third and fourth quarters to be strong by historical standards. 
 Turning back to financial items. In September, we intend to settle $275 million of notional interest rate swaps. The net liability or cash outflow required to sell these swaps will be around $100 million of the current interest rate curve. Last quarter, I mentioned that as WTI averages $90 per barrel in 2022, we would expect to pay approximately $600 million in U.S. federal cash taxes. Oil prices continue to remain strong, increasing the possibility that WTI may average even higher price for the year. If WTI average $100 in 2022, we would expect to pay approximately $1.2 billion in U.S. federal cash taxes.  
 As Vicki mentioned, year-to-date, we repaid approximately $8.1 billion of debt, including $4.8 billion in the second quarter, exceeding our near-term goals of paying $5 billion in principal this year. We have also made meaningful progress towards our medium-term goal of reducing gross debt to the high teens. We began repurchasing shares in the second quarter, further advancing our shareholder return framework as part of our commitment to return more cash to shareholders. We intend to continue allocating free cash flow towards the share repurchases until we complete our current $3 billion program. 
 During this period, we will continue to view debt retirement opportunistically and we'll likely retire debt concurrently with share repurchases. Once our initial share repurchase program is complete, we intend to allocate free cash flow towards reducing the face value of debt to the high teens, which we believe will accelerate our return to investment grade. When we reach this stage, we intend to reduce the impetus of our allocation of free cash flow from primarily reducing debt by including initial items in our cash flow priorities. We continue to make incremental progress towards achieving our goal of returning to investment grade.  
 Since our last earnings call, Fitch has signed a positive outlook to our credit ratings. All 3 of the major credit rating agencies rate our debt as 1 notch below investment grade, with Moody's and Fitch having assigned positive outlooks. Over time, we intend to maintain mid cycle levered at approximately 1x debt-to-EBITDA or below $15 billion. We believe this level of leverage will be appropriate for our capital structure as we will enhance our equity returns, while strengthening our ability to return capital to shareholders throughout the commodity cycle.  
 I'll now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: We're now prepared to take your calls. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from John Royall from JPMorgan. 
John Royall: So can you talk about the various moving pieces in the CapEx guidance? I know that you raised the Permian number, but kept the total the same. So what are the areas that were the source of funds for that raise? And then any early look into some of the moving pieces for next year with this new FID for Chems and then the change in structure with EcoPetrol? Just anything you can give us on kind of the puts and takes going into next year would be helpful. 
Vicki Hollub: I'll let Richard cover the changes in the CapEx, and then I'll follow up with the additional part of that question. 
Richard Jackson: John, this is Richard. Yes, so a few moving pieces as we look across the U.S. onshore. And as we look at it, a couple of things occurred during the year. I think, first, from an OBO perspective, we had a wedge assumed in our production plan. And early in the year, that became a bit slower in terms of delivery. And so we went ahead and made the move to reallocate some of that capital into our operated, which did a few things. 
 One, it secured that production wedge for us, but it also added resources for the back half of the year to give us some continuity on the back half of the year. We like that we did that. As Rob mentioned in his comments, these are high-return projects that are very good. So that was a good move. And then securing some of those resources early in the year in terms of rigs and frac core has played out well in terms of our timing to manage inflation and improve performance as we hit this ramp-up for the back half of the year. 
 The other piece of that, so step 2 is really reallocation from Oxy. And so part of that is coming from LCV. We can talk in more detail on that if we need to. But that's really -- as we hit the back half of the year, we look to be coming in closer to midpoint for low carbon ventures. That's really just more certainty around the direct air capture development in some of the CCUS hub work that we've got in place. And so that, plus, I think, some other savings around the rest of Oxy, really contributed to that balance. 
 So if you think about that extra [ 200 ], I'd say 50% of that is really around activity adds. So we were a bit front-end loaded in our plan for the year. That allows us to take that capital and keep continuity, especially across drilling rigs, which will give us optionality as we go into 2023. 
 And then the other piece is really around inflation. We've seen that pressure on that. We've been able to mitigate a large piece of that. But we've outlooked an additional 7% to 10% sort of outlook compared to plan on the year. We've been able to again make up an incremental 4% of that in operation savings. So pleased with the progress against that. But we did start to see some inflationary pressures come up. And so that capital helps address that uncertainty, I would call it, for the rest of the year. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say, on capital for 2023, it's still way too early for us to determine what that would be. But the EcoPetrol JV would fit into the resources allocation, and we'll compete with the capital within that program. 
John Royall: Okay. Great. And then switching over to chemicals. If you guys could just talk a little bit about the fundamentals in that business. Coming off a very strong 2Q, but a big step down in guidance for the second half. So if you could just give some color on the source of the strength in 2Q and what you see changing in the second half? 
Robert Peterson: Sure, John. I would say conditions in both the vinyls and caustic soda business that are largely the ones that determine how we perform overall. In Chemicals, they were obviously very favorable in the second quarter. And when we see both conditions -- both businesses and favorable points, you have the significant earnings impact leading to the record performance we had in the second quarter. 
 If you go into the third quarter, I would say, the extreme tightness that we've been experiencing for quite some time in the Vinyls business has become more manageable. And that's really from improved supply and some softening in the domestic market, while conditions in the caustic soda business remain very strong and continue to improve. I would say the macroeconomic conditions are still indicative that when you look at interest rates, housing starts, GDP, they're kind of trading unfavorably, which is why we talked about a softer second half relative to the first half. But we're also entering a very unpredictable time of the year being the latter part of the third quarter here in terms of weather, which can certainly upset supply or demand either way. And so this is -- it's very difficult to look out very far as we enter the very beginning of the hurricane season or the peak of hurricane season. 
 And the other thing I would say that has impacted the business a bit that we're trying to incorporate into the outlook is the Chinese shutdowns related to COVID, sort of the no COVID tolerance policies is backing up their demand in terms of needs for chemicals and pushing other Asian chemicals into other parts of the world, including impacting exports from the U.S. And so there's a bit of a softening there effect. But again, these are all things that can be modified relatively in a short basis if something were to change in either of those. 
 But because of that, macroeconomic trends and our normal seasonal declines you would see in the fourth quarter in the business, we are projecting a softer second half of the year onto the first half of the year. But again, what we're projecting is quite strong by historical standards. Even the guidance for the third quarter as it is now would have been historically a decent year in many years for the Chemicals business, let alone a quarter. 
 Overall, when we look at business on PVC, we're still seeing growth year-over-year. Domestic demand is up almost 6% through June. And PVC demand, including exports from the U.S., total demand is up about 4.5%. The chlorine side of the business, we're still seeing growth of 3% to 4% this year. All the market sectors remain strong. There's still a lot of pent-up demand, as you can imagine, coming off of the last 2 years. But those are all areas in durable goods, et cetera, where we can see impact from interest rates, inflation, disposable income, et cetera. So again, part of it is just trying to forecast what that might look like, doing the same anybody else is doing right now, trying to gauge the depth of a potential recession and the impact on demand. But overall, still a very favorable conditions in the business, but just not as favorable as they were in the second quarter. 
Operator: The next question is from Raphal DuBois from Societe Generale. 
Raphal DuBois: The first one is related to Algeria. Now that you have signed this 25-year contract extension, I was wondering if you could maybe give us some better color on what is the production potential for Algeria and whether there is a change in the mix between liquids and gas that we should be expecting? 
Vicki Hollub: Currently, under the agreement that we signed, we're still -- we'll be producing basically oil production with associated gas. And primarily from the fields, we've already been developing just expanding those out. So I'd say that from the standpoint of our production outlook currently, it's going to be -- look a little bit lower next year than it looks this year because of the structure of the contract. But our cash flow is going to be approximately the same. So it's just based on the terms. And we have a lot of potential, we believe, in the existing fields to continue to develop those out. So the remaining reserves that we'll be able to add as a result of just the contract extension will be about 100 million barrels. 
 Other than that, there's a lot of potential for further evaluation. So we've included the 3D seismic survey as a part of the evaluation, so that we can start to better increase our recoveries from those conventional sales because they're all relatively low decline and supported with gas injection and potentially ultimately some CO2 injection. 
 Gas is not a part of what we're developing over there yet, but could be in the future, should there be an opportunity for us to find it commercially competitive with the other projects that we have internally. 
Raphal DuBois: Great. And my follow-on question would be about chemicals. This Battleground CapEx project that you have announced, you said earlier that you would have more plans that you will consider for modernization. When could we hear about the next one to be modernized? And could you maybe remind us of the capacity of Battleground so that we can have a feel for the CapEx intensity of such project and what we could be expecting going forward for other projects. 
Robert Peterson: Sure, Raphael. So we have talked about potential conversions beyond the Battleground project. So at this point, we've made the decision to move forward with the Battleground conversion. As indicated in the remarks, we will continue to operate the facility throughout the construction process. There may be some short periods where we'd take very short outages for important connections between existing infrastructure in the facility. We're confident, throughout that process, we can build inventory and continue to build product with no impact on our customers. And so as you think about the Battleground process, you should not assume any loss of sales or margin during the actual project itself. 
 So when you look at the other facilities, once we convert the Battleground facility, we already have membrane technology and polyramics, which is a non-asbestos type diaphragm technology, at our Wichita and Geismar facilities. And we're in the process right now of making a conversion change at our [ Wichita ] facility to polyramics. So the announced project, that will not only convert Battleground but increase its capacity by 8%, we'll only leave our Convent Ingleside facilities utilizing asbestos diaphragms. And we'll begin the conversion studies on those as we get further underway with the actual Battleground conversion. We'll do them sort of in series together. We won't wait for one to be completed to make a decision on the other, but we'll sort of stagger them together. But obviously, what we're going to do with those facilities isn't as pertinent as to moving forward the Battleground project right now. 
 And so from a capital intensity standpoint, we don't provide individual capacities of our facilities. But what I would say though is that the amount -- cost of $1.1 billion that we've included in the slide deck, I would not use that as a proxy necessarily that -- for the other 2 facilities. The facilities are all individually unique, not only from different sizes and capacities in the facilities, but they all have different equipment associated inside and outside, battery limits. They have different conversions that will go along with them. 
 In addition that, at this stage, as we mentioned, the Battleground facility expansion is determined also with existing contractual obligations we've secured for the chlorine side of the business, the derivative side of the business moving into the project. We're not expanding the project, hoping to get additional demand for those molecules are already sold in the future. At this time, we don't have needs to expand either our Convent facility or Ingleside facility. So at this stage, if we were to proceed with an FID decision on one of those, it would simply be a conversion of process change. And so it would be difficult to take that and certainly wouldn't multiply that number times 3 and come up with a number for those other 2 projects to be included in that. 
 And so as we get further along with the Battleground project, we'll start sharing ideas on subsequent changes in the future. But this time, the only decision we made is to actually move forward with Battleground 1. 
Jeff Alvarez: Raphael, this is Jeff. I'd add one thing to what Rob said. The EBITDA number we've provided would be, the way I'd look at that is more of a mid-cycle EBITDA, not at current pricing or current marketing conditions. So you can use that for your estimates. 
Operator: The next question comes from Devin McDermott from Morgan Stanley. 
Devin McDermott: So I wanted to ask on low carbon ventures. One of the moving pieces in the cap guidance this year was LCV spend coming in toward the midpoint. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit more broadly about the progress you've been making towards some of the milestones that you set forth earlier this year. And as part of that, the Inflation Reduction Act that's recently been introduced has some supportive language in there for carbon capture and also direct air capture. So can you talk about if that were to move forward, how that might impact the cadence of investment over the next few years? 
Vicki Hollub: Devin, I'll start, and then pass it over to Richard. And while we're on the Inflation Reduction Act, I just want to cover a little bit more about what's in there. There's a lot of things in there, ranges from alternative fuels to renewable energy, EVs, hydrogen, methane, emission reduction and carbon capture use and sequestration. But some of the things that impact us are the -- on federal land, oil and gas royalty rates increasing, increased minimum bid rates for leases, increases in annual rental rates, but not excessively, and increasing bond requirements, also offshore royalty rate increases. And one of the good things is that it does require oil and gas lease sales ahead of granting right of ways to wind and solar. It requires royalties in oil and gas produced, whatever it's used for, unless it's played for safety reasons or used for the benefit of the lease. 
 But one of the interesting things about the act is that it reinstates the Lease Sale 257 from the Gulf of Mexico, in which we had gotten some key leases. And so that's really important for us as a company. The other thing is that it requires the resumption of the scheduled lease sales for the GoM from 2017 to 2022. 
 And with respect to carbon capture, which is probably the most impactful to us, is there are a lot of things around the enhancement to 45Q. And when you look at the Gulf of Mexico benefit to us and you look at the requirements for the methane emissions and emission reductions and that sort of thing, which are things we already were doing, this is turning into for us a net very positive bill should it get passed. 
 So I'll turn it over to Richard, so he can give you a little more color on what the CCUS enhancements are. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Devin, let me start with just a few kind of progress points on both our direct air capture and CCUS, and then get a couple of specifics on, like Vicki said, how this can potentially help our development plans. 
 I think from direct air capture, the critical pieces are continuing to move well. I think from a technology and engineering standpoint, we were able to finish FEED. We're on track and plan to begin construction by the end of this year. And we're really taking that feed and working hard on putting together specific bid packages and being very thoughtful about the supply chain behind that as we go into the end of the year. So we're spending time with that. 
 From a market support, continue to have very strong support from the carbon dioxide removals in terms of the sequestered CO2 offtakes. And so continue to see good movement on that. Obviously, the policy support couples with that to help really backstop our development plan. And then in terms of capitalization, as we continue to derisk, we are thoughtful on how to think about capitalization not only for Plant One but beyond and continue to see and know that those partnerships will be meaningful. 
 And so really, on that piece, for the end of the year, again, looking to start construction, finish detailed engineering and then work our innovation work streams. We've got our innovation center with carbon engineering going, seeing really good progress there, lots of pieces in learning, again, for Plant One. But I think one of the things we picked up in that facility is really thinking about how do you continue to reduce the cost to capture for the life of a plant. And so it provides lots of opportunity for that. 
 Just briefly on the CCUS hubs, we continue on our 3 really focused areas on the Gulf Coast. We've been able to secure now over 100,000-acre target for space development. Very pleased with that. Lots of great engagement with emitters. And then we had the announcements, I think we picked up on the last quarter with our midstream partnerships to be able to retrofit or think about moving that CO2 efficiently within those hubs. So that goes well, expect more updates on both of those as we go into the year. Lots of dynamics, I'd say, over the last quarter. And so we'll put that into plans for 2023 and beyond that we'll communicate. 
 So just lastly on the -- in terms of some of the policy that plays our way. I think for us, we think about that, we communicated it in our LCV update. It's really an acceleration capability for us. It gives certainty in some of the revenue to allow us to build this development, which is good because the important part of making this business work is really on us. We've got to improve the technology. We've got to lower the cost, and we've got to develop our manufacturing and project development success. 
 And so having certainty to be able to accelerate that development plan, we believe, allows us to reduce those costs quicker and it creates a sustainable business sooner. And so when you look at both a business and emissions reduction over the next several years, we think this could be complete very meaningful. Longer runway to be able to develop that scale is contemplated in the language. Obviously, increased value support, that aligns with a lot of CCUS work done collectively around the world to kind of pick what needs to happen to create this catalyst. And so very thoughtful alignment there. 
 And then the final thing is, I think, importantly, recognition for all sources. So point source from industrial or power sector emissions, but carbon removals and direct air capture specifically recognized. And then for the collective CCUS community, recognition of small and large sources, I think, is important. And so they were very inclusive to capture both the small and large. And that's good for us and what we're doing, but that's good for other developers. And so I think it really does create the economies of scale that we hope and plan for to make this commercially successful. 
Vicki Hollub: And just to conclude on that, I'd say that the federal leasing, onshore, offshore, the methane emission reductions in carbon capture, while we talked about what it does for Oxy, this is very good for our industry. Lots of companies will benefit from this. It will provide jobs and it will help the country meet the goals that the President has set out for emission reduction. 
Devin McDermott: A lot of positives to look forward to there. My second question is just on inflation. You mentioned in the prepared remarks that you've been able to take some steps to offset inflationary pressure. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more on the underlying inflationary trends and also the offset initiatives that you have in place? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. We had originally assumed $250 million for our 2020 -- based on our 2020 actuals, that incremental of $250 million this year. Our current assessment is $350 million to $450 million. And unfortunately, for Richard, it's all falling in his area. But they're dealing with it very well. I'll pass it to him to give you the details. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Perfect. Thanks, Vicki. Yes, just to walk through that, I mean, a couple of things. Certainly, we have seen that 7% to 10% incrementally for us this year. But in our base plan, we had assumed a 2% offset, and we're now up to 6%. And so part of our strategy, and I'll talk through a couple of pieces on this whole thing, was securing quality resources. 
 If we get into the production cadence for the second half of the year, that delivery schedule and performance is very important. And so working with the right vendors to secure that has been important for us. But let me just rattle off a few. Like most people, OCTG has seen some of the highest sort of inflationary pressures. We work with 1 key supplier and 1 distributor for that. And so when we think about sort of inflation, you think about what is the supply security and then what is the pricing. In the supply security, we feel good out a year and really have worked that hard over this year. Developing in core areas like we do gives us a lot of ability to do that. And in pricing, we secure out about 6 months. And so we feel good going into the end of the year and then into 2023, that we're timing that fairly well in terms of how that looks. 
 Rigs and frac core, as I mentioned earlier, securing some of those operated resources. Shifting the OBO dollars allowed us to get in front of that and get, again, the right rigs and frac cores for that. We're contracted with a little over 50% of our rigs through the first part of next year. And our frac core's similar as we look out. And so feel good about that, but we've really narrowed again to the core frac and rig providers that we feel like can secure performance. 
 And then finally saying, again, we've worked a lot on that. I think, one, we've gone to more integrated frac providers, and they continue to help us on logistics and sand supply. But then our sand supplier, our logistics facility in Aventine has allowed us to get ahead on that. And so we feel like supply is secured, and most of our price is secured through the second half of the year. So those have been the big areas that have moved up for us. It has definitely been drilling and completion focused facilities has seen a lot less, 5% OpEx, a lot less as well. So hopefully, that provides some detail in terms of what we've been doing. 
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. 
Douglas Leggate: Vicki or Rob, I wonder if I could go back to the discussion around potentially being a bit more aggressive than a $4 cash return in 2023? And I guess my question is, where do you see the, I guess, the flexibility regarding trying to pay down the preference burden, I guess, the $10 billion, versus continuing to pay down debt? What's the trade-off between those 2, if you could try and frame it for us? I guess I'm trying to understand how much more than $4 per share you'd be prepared to go? 
Vicki Hollub: Doug, it really depends on the macro. Right now, we're really trying to -- we can't even forecast from 1 hour to the next or even 1 minute to the next what prices are going to be. So a lot of our strategy around the preferred would depend on the macro because of -- as you know, the terms of the deal are challenging if not planned out in a way that enables you to take advantage of the trigger point. So currently, we're really trying to assess what the macro will look like, and we're going to be prepared to make the best value decision, whether that's continued debt reduction along with preferred and along with common. 
 But right now, the reality is that from our capital framework, we have always had a priority to reduce debt. We'll continue to do that. And we'll do that at a faster pace than the maturities. We just don't know how fast we'll do it. And with respect to the preferred, it really depends on what we see getting through the end of this year and looking into next year what the macro will be, whether the recession, if there is one, will be short or long or deep, and what the other opportunities may look like from a debt perspective, and that could depend on what inflation does. 
Douglas Leggate: I appreciate the answer, Vicki. And I'm going to stay with you, if I may, as a quick follow-up. So before things got crazy over the last couple of years, you had talked about low single-digit growth in production. And of course, the priorities all changed with the balance sheet. So as you kind of get line of sight to the balance sheet and back to perhaps where you want it to be, what are you thinking now in terms of what happens to the growth element of prioritizing in terms of where you relatively prioritize capital? And I'll leave it there. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, the good thing is what we see that we have today is a great opportunity, and that is that we don't have to grow our cash flow right now. And we have an opportunity because of the valuation of our stock right now to continue to make that a key part of our value proposition going forward. We'll do a little bit of dividend increase. We'll certainly mature our debt faster than what the current schedule is in terms of maturities because we want to accelerate that. But we'll also buy back a significant volume of shares, or at least we hope to over the next few years. And we don't feel the need to grow production until we get beyond that point because we feel like one of the best values right now is investment in our own stock. 
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist. 
Neal Dingmann: Vicki, maybe just to follow on that last one. On M&A, are you saying that sort of given the current upstream, midstream OxyChem, you'll likely stand pat with either you don't really obviously need to divest anything and still the best spend on the money is in livestock, would it be fair to say the biggest M&A might be coming from the low carbon area? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes, I think that the only M&A that we see that would make sense for us is what we have been doing, and that's just to get bigger in the areas that we are. So increasing our working interest and/or trading acres for bolt-ons to where we are right now in the resources business and in the EOR business. So we have opportunities to do that. We picked up a little bit offshore. So that's -- those are the kind of M&A. 
 So we're not talking big M&A here. That's not something that we feel like we need to do. But with respect to low carbon ventures, that is a bit of a different story because we're growing a business there. And the -- what we're doing there is looking for technologies that fit within our strategy and that support our strategy. We're not going to take the shotgun approach, where we're putting dollars into 100 different little small tech companies. We're looking for technologies that make our strategy better. And where we find those, we're going to make equity investments when we feel it's a part of what we want to build ultimately. 
 I think the team has spent with just about $200 million, they have gotten us into 2 technologies I really think are revolutionary. One is NetPower, which generates electricity at a fairly low cost, lower than a traditional gas plant with carbon capture. So this -- NetPower technology generates electricity, but also captures the emissions. So there are no emissions and no volatile organics or anything like that. So NetPower is really important for us. 
 And then direct air capture. Back to NetPower, it's going to be revolutionary, I believe, for the electric power generation industry around the world. So that's the technology that's critically important. Direct air capture is, too. And we're looking at some other technologies. There are a few things that we're putting money into that we believe has a real chance to improve our business. And those are -- that's the way we kind of look at investments and low carbon opportunities. 
Neal Dingmann: Okay. And then one last for either Robert or Jeff maybe. Just on the preferred, has there been any conversation about maybe just direct repurchase of those given obviously the same firm mind. Obviously, a lot of equity in the company. I'm just wondering, is there -- or is that just going to be sort of, I guess, buying back as you would your debt and all? 
Vicki Hollub: It's really going to be a part of a more comprehensive evaluation as we go forward. So we'll look at that as time passes, and we'll certainly keep you guys updated. But what we intend to do is make the best value decision and proceed with the capital framework that we've laid out. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays. 
Jeanine Wai: Our first question, I guess, maybe heading back on cash returns and a follow-up to a couple of the other questions. The plan for 2023-plus now is to retire debt maturities as they come due. We're looking at your debt schedule, and there's really nothing more than like $2 billion coming due in any one year, so super manageable until 2030. You've got cash building on our model to, call it, like $12 billion on strip by the end of the year. So lots of options. You had some helpful comments on the macro governors on how you're going to allocate capital over the next year or 2. Do you have an updated view on your reserve cash level? We realize there's a lot of reasons to hold cash above that, but that's always a helpful number for us. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Before I pass that to Rob for the answer to that question, I just want to say that you're right about our debt maturities. So we expect this year to be able to lower our debt based on what we see from the macro by another $2 billion to $2.5 billion, which would get us close to $18 billion. Then to get us down to the $15 billion that Rob mentioned in his script is that we would have -- those maturities would come due, all of them, before August, end of August of 2025. We don't want to wait 3 years to get our debt down to $15 billion. So we would expect to, assuming the macro allows, to cut that considerably. We do want to get to the $15 billion sooner rather than later. So we'll fit that in. And that is still a priority for us. I'll pass it to Rob now for the other question. 
Robert Peterson: Yes, Jeanine. And so certainly based on what Vicki just said and the fact we'll target, we should be able to do well beyond $1.9 billion that we have for the balance of the year on the share repurchase program, assuming the macro is consistent or relatively consistent to the strip prices right now. And part of targeting that will be some of the maturities you listed off. So -- but we've been able to opportunistically balance between short- and long-term debt maturities. As we move on year-to-date, it's about 45%. In the current decade, about 55% later in the [ date ] [indiscernible]. And so we continue to be opportunistic between knocking out near-term maturities, including ones that are higher interest rate coupon ones now because of the way they've come down with interest rates, but also achieving discount on longer-dated bonds. So you can expect that mix to stay together. 
 As far as cash reserves, certainly with a very manageable debt maturity profile, we've been holding higher cash levels historically. We ended last year about $2.5 billion. I think we'd be comfortable with something closer to $1.5 billion by the end of this year, providing another certainly $1 billion of cash to work with this year just from the reduction on reserves. 
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. That's very helpful. Maybe if we could turn to operations and the Permian. You probably provided some really helpful color on the Q3 Permian guide in your prepared remarks. And the implied 4Q Permian guidance calls for, I think we calculated 12% increase quarter-on-quarter to hit the midpoint. And it sounds like from your comments, there are some third-party stuff that's going on that may come back online in Q4, which will help. But any comments that you have around kind of how you try to stack the deck in your favor on execution in Q4 in the Permian, that would be really helpful just because I think a lot of people are looking at the Permian at the end of the year and trying to figure out implications for next year. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I appreciate it. Well, there are a few pieces. You're exactly right was we thought about sort of this building security in our production delivery for the year. There are several pieces that were important to us. If I go back even to where we started and entered the year from a rig count perspective, we've added -- if you go back to second half of '21, we went from about 11.5 rigs to the first half of this year over 15, to second half of the year at 19. And so being able to secure those operated rigs early to get the performance was really important to us. 
 So same thing in the back half of this year. If I look at first half versus second half, we look to add about 78 more wells online compared to the first half. So a tremendous step-up in activity. We're able to utilize our frac cores more efficiently with the development plans that we've put together. We're adding 1 additional in the second half of this year, but we're really creating much more smooth operations with what we've done and transition with that OBO capital. 
 And I guess the pieces I'd point to, what's been important to us operationally is, again, back to performance. Most of the capital for the second half of the year and the production deliveries in the Delaware, we have about 80% of those wells that are coming online are Third Bone Springs to Wolfcamp A. So it derisks a lot in terms of that production delivery. We've added lateral length. We're 1,000-foot longer compared to last year to when we look at the second half of this year. 
 Our 24-hour IP is about 14% better than the first half of last year. And so all of that has added in terms of derisking the second half of the year. Drilling completion efficiencies improved. Our feet per day is up quarter-to-quarter about 10%. Our nonproductive time is reduced about 7% in the Delaware. And so what we've seen as we've added these rigs, we've been able to work as an operational team, the performance continues to improve. And we're looking at the second half of the year expecting about a 10% time-to-market improvement with those operations. So put a lot of pieces in place in the first half of this year, now we just need to go execute. But really, the plan has been built to achieve that production growth you noted, and we're well on our way. 
Operator: The final question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: The first question is just the path to investment grade. Can you provide any color in terms of the milestones that you're getting to in order to achieve that? How are -- how should the investment community think about timing recognizing it's out of your control? And what would getting to investment grade mean to your business? 
Robert Peterson: Yes, Neil. Sure. So year-to-date, as we mentioned, we paid $8.1 billion of debt, certainly far beyond the $5 billion initial target we established for the year. And included in that, in the second quarter, we knocked out [ 60% ] of what I would call the annual risk associated with our 0 coupon bonds. That was occurring every October. If you look back to July of last year -- or June of last year, we retired almost $15 billion of debt. So very meaningful progress on the debt reduction side of it. 
 But in addition to the debt reduction, all 3 agencies have their own other metrics. I'll call them, the [ return IG ]. And so they're all sitting, as we discussed, 1 notch below. Our forecast that we have internally have us exceeding the majority of these criteria before the end of the year or, in many cases, we're actually ahead of now on the last 12-month basis. But the conversation we've been having with the agencies would suggest, I just want you to get more comfortable, that in a different oil price environment, and all of the agencies have long-term oil prices well below current oil prices, that they would be comfortable that we would not slip back into being a high-yield type credit. 
 But again, like I said, take something like Moody's, for example, they want to look at retained cash flow to adjusted debt to be greater than 40% and essentially the retained cash flow exclusive preferred dividends. But the adjusted debt does include half of the Berkshire. So the Berkshire does factor into that. And so we're well ahead of that forecast. And even we're adjusting for Moody's price forecast relative to ours. 
 And in the case of Fitch, I'll give you an example. They also look at our sort of mid-cycle funds flow from operation it just covered [ supposed ] 5.5x. The preferred is excluded from the funds flow, but it's included in interest expense. We're going to be well over 5.5x certainly this year by year-end. And so I think on a lot of these statistics, we are passing through these very rapidly, probably much more -- certainly rapidly than we suspected or the agencies suspected. We're having very constructive conversations with them and making sure that the decisions we're making are contributing towards that. 
 As you said, we don't have ultimate control over when that occurs, but comfortably looking at all of the various metrics that they've thrown at us relative to our financial policy and metrics. I feel confident that we would be in good stead with all those toward the end of the year. We have a gap with S&P's expectations on reported debt, but that's really the only one that we're going to have a significant gap in right now. But certainly with Fitch and Moody's, I'm confidence on those 2 agencies that what they've laid out for us explicitly on terms of metrics, that we can meet this before the end of the year. 
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. 
Vicki Hollub: Just want to thank you all for your participation in our call today, and have a good day. Thanks. 
Operator: Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-11 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Occidental's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Drew. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Richard Jackson, President of Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management.  
 This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. 
 I will now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. We're especially proud of our results this quarter as our strong operational and financial performance enabled us to generate our highest reported and adjusted earnings in over a decade, resulting in an annualized return on capital employed of 21% when calculated with adjusted earnings. We also reported a record level of free cash flow for the fifth consecutive quarter. The increase in free cash flow compared to last quarter was achieved as we began executing on our 2022 capital plan to support our cash flow longevity. 
 As we will detail in a few minutes, we made meaningful progress towards our near-term goal of retiring $5 billion of debt. We remain focused on reducing debt this year as we advance our shareholder return framework. We repaid over $3.6 billion of debt as a part of the near-term goals we announced last quarter to repay an additional $5 billion of principal and lower net debt to $20 billion. Once the $5 billion target has been achieved, we -- our focus will expand to the $3 billion share repurchase program. 
 When this first phase of our shareholder return framework is complete, we will continue to focus on debt reduction until we have achieved the face value of our debt to the high teens. When we have line of sight on reaching this milestone, we will detail the next phase of our shareholder return framework. During our most recent earnings call, we spoke about the importance of lowering our interest expense to support a dividend that can sustainably grow throughout the cycle. Continuing to lower debt, combined with managing the number of shares outstanding, will enhance the sustainability of our dividend while positioning us to increase it at the appropriate time.  
 This morning, I will cover our first quarter operational performance and Rob will cover our financial results as well as our updated guidance, which includes an increase in guidance for OxyChem and midstream's 2022 earnings. Our first quarter results are a great example of how Oxy's operational excellence and asset portfolio position our shareholders to benefit from a high commodity price environment. In the first quarter, we generated $3.3 billion of free cash flow. This is more than twice what we generated in the first quarter of 2021, which at that time was our highest level of free cash flow in over a decade. Our strong financial results were driven by our business delivering exceptional performance while practicing disciplined capital allocation and cost control, combined with the benefits of an improved financial position and higher commodity prices. 
 Switching to operational performance. We delivered first quarter production from continuing operations of approximately 1.1 million BOE per day, in line with the midpoint of our guidance and with total company-wide spending -- capital spending of $858 million. Our international operations successfully completed their scheduled turnarounds in the quarter and production has returned to normalized levels. Compared to the first quarter, we expect international production to increase accordingly in the second quarter. While higher prices are expected to lower our full year international guidance under our production sharing contracts, we expect the impact to be fully offset by outperformance in our Rockies and Gulf of Mexico businesses. As I mentioned during our last call, we expect company-wide production to grow from the second quarter through the end of the year as our targeted capital investments sustain 2022 average production in line with the previous year. 
 OxyChem's performance continued to exceed expectations as the business benefited from robust pricing in the caustic, chlorine and PVC markets. OxyChem delivered record earnings this quarter, which we expect to contribute to 2022 being another record year for the business. Following several consecutive record quarters, we see the potential for market conditions to dampen slightly in the second half of the year, though the long-term fundamentals continue to remain supportive. I'm very proud of OxyChem's workforce who recently received 13 Responsible Care and 15 facility safety awards from the American Chemistry Council for their 2021 performance. 
 Midstream and marketing's outperformance compared to guidance in the first quarter was primarily driven by higher margins from gas processing and sulfur sales and our ability to optimize gas transportation in the Permian and Rockies and the timing of export sales. While short-term opportunities in the commodity markets are difficult to predict, our midstream team excels at finding and taking full advantage of such opportunities when they arise. I'm pleased to say that our first quarter results continue to demonstrate how the quality of the assets, the talent of our teams and our improved financial position serve as catalysts for strong financial results and provide a solid foundation for free cash flow generation.  
 Our teams did an excellent job of managing the planned turnarounds and maintenance projects this quarter. We completed turnarounds in Algeria, Al Hosn and Dolphin and a series of maintenance projects in the Gulf of Mexico. Completing these planned projects increase the reliability and efficiency of our assets. The Al Hosn turnaround involved the first full plant shutdown, during which time we safely completed over 500 tie-ins related to the expansion project. The expansion is progressing as planned with the capacity increase expected to be online towards the middle of next year. 
 Our Rockies team brought online their largest pad ever with 23 wells and drilled their longest lateral to date at over 15,000 feet. That business continues to perform well, with strong well productivity and higher-than-expected NGL yields driving first quarter performance. Our team in the Midland Basin had similar success bringing online the 12-well 15,000-foot development we mentioned on our most recent earnings call. And in Algeria, we drilled and completed Oxy's first development well in 2022 with time to market for the completion and hookup significantly exceeding prior performance. These are just a few of the many operational achievements our teams continue to deliver each quarter. 
 In addition to focusing on operational improvements, we continue to pursue new and resourceful ways to reduce emissions. For example, in the DJ and Permian Basins, we successfully trialed a new in-house methane detection system that will help us on our net 0 pathway. We also plan to build on the success of our water recycling partnership by developing similar systems and additional locations this year. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Rob, who will walk you through our first quarter results and guidance. 
Robert Peterson: Thank you, Vicki, and good afternoon. Our cash flow priorities continue to direct free cash flow allocation in the first quarter as we repaid an additional debt in April and paid the first distribution of our increased common dividend. On our last call, we detailed our near-term debt reduction targets, including repaying $5 billion of debt and reducing net debt to $20 billion. Our progress towards meeting these targets advanced significantly in the first quarter. 
 We repaid approximately $3.3 billion of debt and ended the quarter with net debt of $23.3 billion, reflecting the face value of our debt of $25.2 billion and the unrestricted cash balance of $1.9 billion. Repaying $3.3 billion of debt in the first quarter was accomplished through a combination of a $2.9 billion tender offer, exercising the call provision on a note and open market repurchases. Following quarter end, we retired approximately $300 million in additional debt using open-market repurchases, lowering gross debt to approximately $24.9 billion, which is the balance today.  
 It is reasonable to expect that we could meet our near-term debt targets and then initiate our share repurchase program during the second quarter. Once we complete our near-term debt reduction target and repurchased $3 billion of shares, we will continue to allocate free cash flow to repaying debt as we lower gross debt to the high teens in billions. We believe reducing debt to this level will speed our return to investment grade and better position us to sustain a greater dividend at lower prices. When we reach this stage, we intend to transition from proactively reducing debt to primarily addressing maturities as they come due. 
 Our debt reduction efforts continue to receive positive recognition. Since our last earnings call, Moody's upgraded our credit rating to Ba1 with a positive outlook. All 3 of the major credit rating agencies now rate our debt as 1 notch below investment grade, which we view as recognition of the pronounced and ongoing improvement in our credit profile.  
 Our consistently strong operational results in combination with the current commodity price environment are driving improved profitability on top of our already robust free cash flow generation. In the first quarter, we announced an adjusted profit of $2.12 per diluted share, our highest adjusted core EPS in over a decade; and reported profit of $4.65 per diluted share. The difference between our adjusted and reported profit for the quarter was mainly driven by the legal entity reorganization described in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings. Following the completion of our large-scale post-acquisition divestiture program, a portion of the existing tax basis was reallocated to operating assets, thus reducing our deferred tax liabilities by approximately $2.6 billion, which was recognized in our reported earnings for the quarter. 
 We resumed paying U.S. federal cash taxes in the quarter, ahead of our earlier expectation. This was due in part to the strong earnings generated in the first quarter, combined with our expectations for commodity prices and earnings over the remainder of the year. Given current commodity price expectations, we now expect to exhaust our U.S. net operating losses and most of our general business credit carryforwards this year. However, the NOLs and credits that we currently have remaining are expected to limit the amount of cash taxes paid this year. For example, we would expect to pay approximately $600 million in U.S. federal cash taxes if WTI averaged $90 per barrel in 2022. 
 The increase in commodity prices certainly benefited us during the quarter, as demonstrated by our strong earnings and free cash flow generation. The commodity price environment improvement compared to the previous quarter also resulted in higher accounts receivable balances, which contributed to a negative working capital change. Negative working capital change was also driven by typical first quarter payments such as semi-annual interest payments, annual property tax payments and payments on our compensation plan. As was the case in 2021, we see the potential for the working capital change to partially reverse over the remainder of the year if commodity prices are stable and due to payments accrued during the year being made in subsequent first quarter. 
 We are pleased to be able to update our full year guidance for midstream and OxyChem, reflecting strong first quarter performance and improved market conditions. Our revised full year guidance for OxyChem now includes the expectation of a fourth consecutive record for quarterly earnings in the second quarter. We recognize the possibility of softer product prices later in the year but still expect the third and fourth quarters to be exceptionally strong by historical standards. 
 As Vicki mentioned, our Rockies business continues to perform well. Our expectation of continued strong well performance over the remainder of the year provides us with confidence to raise full year guidance for the Rockies by 5,000 BOE per day. 
 On previous calls, we've discussed how we've been working closely with Colorado communities and regulators in implementing the state's new permitting process. Our drilling permits we have in hand are sufficient to run a single rig for the remainder of 2022. It is no longer feasible for us to run a multi-rig program for Colorado this year given the current pace of state approvals. As a result, we plan to reallocate activity from the Rockies to the Permian in the second half of the year. This activity change will not impact our 2022 production and is included in domestic onshore activity slide in the appendix to our earnings presentation. 
 We plan to submit development plans in the coming months that will cover over 1,100 rig days. We are hopeful that as Colorado's new permitting process matures, it will continue to become more efficient. Regulatory certainty early on in the process would provide us with the option to add activity back in the Rockies in future years given oil and gas development plans we expect to submit for this year. 
 While our company-wide full year guidance is unchanged, as Vicki mentioned, we have included a 6,000 BOE per day downward adjustment to our full year international guidance, reflecting the impact of higher oil prices in our production sharing contracts. Our original budget included a forecast of $73 for Brent while our revised guidance reflects a Brent average price of $95 for 2022. Inclusive of these activity changes, our 2022 capital guidance remains at $3.9 billion to $4.3 billion. 
 We mentioned on our last call that our 2022 capital guidance incorporates approximately $250 million of inflation compared to 2021. Cost of materials and services necessary for operations, especially onshore in the United States, has continued to increase. We are working to offset inflationary pressures through additional efficiency. But if price increases continue, we may spin near the top end of our capital guidance this year. Certain pricing pressures such as labor and our WTI index CO2 purchase contracts in the EOR business have become pressing, leading to a slight upward adjustment in our full year guidance for domestic OpEx.  
 We are pleased with our strong start to 2022. With one full quarter behind us, we have completed scheduled turnarounds, continued to pay down debt, established a shareholder return framework, provided a comprehensive update on our low-carbon strategy and set new quarterly records for earnings and cash flow. We will continue to focus on delivering value for shareholders this year and beyond.  
 I will now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. I would like to thank our shareholders for voting with the Board at our recent Annual Meeting and defeating a proposal that if approved, would have been counterproductive as we work towards achieving our net 0 ambition. Our quantitative short-, medium- and long-term goals for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions are directly aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement, our competitive strengths as a carbon management leader and our strategy to achieve net 0 before 2050. 
 With our journey towards net 0 fully underway, we presented a market update in March on our low-carbon business strategy. We provided details of the market opportunity and our plans to deliver climate and business solutions that leverage our assets and capabilities in carbon management, including CCUS. We are advancing the technological solutions that can deliver large scale and rapid emission reduction throughout our value chain. Additionally, our low-carbon strategy creates value for our existing businesses while, at the same time, helping to accelerate the path to net 0 for ourselves and other leading companies in multiple industries.  
 We'll now open the call for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Michael Scialla with Stifel. 
Michael Scialla: Rob, you mentioned that you could potentially commence the buyback this quarter. I wanted to see -- as you look beyond this year, based on where the strip prices are right now, can you give any indication of what you're thinking in terms of free cash flow priorities for the longer term? 
Robert Peterson: Yes, Michael. Thanks for the question. So we haven't provided any guidance for 2023 and beyond at this point. I think what we've indicated in the notes was that as we complete the $5 billion and the $3 billion this year and then apply the balance of any additional cash to the balance sheet, driving that gross debt down into the high teens, that we would anticipate translating -- less of the debt reductions being the priority and more attack the debt on a -- as it comes to maturity basis. And so that would imply, in the 2023 and beyond, a re-shifting of our priorities such that shareholder returns and other priorities will move towards the higher end of the scale. 
Michael Scialla: Okay. Understood. And I know your hedges have rolled off at this point. Do you see any need to protect any of the debt reduction targets or the buyback program? Or I guess over the longer term, if you -- the dividend becomes part of the free cash flow, return to shareholders, any need to reinstitute a hedging program to protect any of those things? 
Robert Peterson: No. So Michael, our history as a company has been fairly hedge adverse. Our belief is that our shareholders will ultimately receive and the company will receive the best value for the commodities we produce and sell if we just move with the cycle throughout the entire cycle. We did deviate from that because -- in 2020 due to the amount of maturities we had coming due at the time. Since then, the combination of the trough driving out, the moving out of certain maturities, the paying off and certain reduction of debt that we've talked about and the combination of creating a sustainable business at a much lower price has removed some of that. 
 And also, I would say that there's other pieces to it with our chemical business, our midstream business, international business that operate a little differently in some of those price environments, creates other built-in hedges towards that. And so I don't see us going towards hedging to try and attempt to mitigate any of those risks. I mean we have a pretty manageable debt profile now, particularly for the balance of the decade. With the work that we did in the first quarter, we only have 2 years, '25 and '26, that have any maturity towers that exceed $2 billion, and that will certainly be a focus as we move forward. So I don't really see the need for hedges to mitigate any of the risks moving forward. 
 And as Vicki outlined on our last call, the dividend approach is meant to be sustainable at low prices. The share repurchases will make that dividend that much cheaper at low prices for us. So I think we're doing the right things to protect from low price environments the business without having to artificially try and protect with hedges. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays. 
Jeanine Wai: So maybe we can just start back with -- either Rob or Vicki, on your prepared remarks about what's going on next. So we just wanted to clarify the sequencing of further debt reduction and incremental shareholder returns. It sounds like from your commentary that further gross debt reduction beyond the first $5 billion, that, that will be ahead of additional cash returns beyond the $3 billion buyback and not in parallel. And so I guess reducing gross debt versus net debt, that's pretty different logistically. That's pretty easy given your free cash flow. So do you have any color on how long you think it will take to achieve the high-teens gross debt target given what you see in the market for tenders and what you see in the market for open purchases? 
Robert Peterson: Yes. It's a good question, Jeanine. I think that the -- as we laid out last quarter and what I've tried to convey in my remarks is we would complete the $5 billion of debt reduction and then initiate share purchases. I think that based on being at 3.6 where we are today, and as we've demonstrated, we have a combination of the open-market repurchases, tenders, make-whole provisions, et cetera. All that are attractive in the current environment simply because of the rise in treasuries, that achieving that is not going to be a heavy lift in the quarter. And we anticipate that proceeding with share repurchases during the quarter is reasonable to expect during Q2. 
 And so the timing of how long it takes to complete the share repurchases is going to be really dictated by the pace at which we're able to retire and bring those shares in. The stock is obviously very liquid. We have at our disposal lots of different mechanisms to actually acquire the shares. We're going to do it in a way that is most constructive and bring most value to the shareholders in the process. 
 And then, we do have cash available beyond that, which the current pricing environment would certainly suggest we would have cash well above those 2 pieces of -- $8 billion between those 2 programs. We would resume applying that back to the balance sheet in the process for the balance of the year. And then... 
Jeanine Wai: Okay. My apologies. I was referring to getting to the high-teens gross debt, but we can take it offline. That's okay. 
 Our second question, maybe just on growth. How are you thinking about production growth beyond 2022 given the medium-term gross debt reduction target? Is it kind of like an either/or on growth and paying down debt? Or is -- the price environment, is it constructive enough and the balance sheet is improved enough that you can do both? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, I think that by the time we get to 2023, certainly, our balance sheet, we believe, is going to be very, very healthy versus where we started. So as Rob has mentioned, we expect to have the cash to be able to go beyond the $8 billion this year and every dollar above the $5 billion. That's the $3 billion of -- including the $3 billion of share repurchases in that $8 billion. So any free dollar above that would go to debt reduction. So we do expect to make significant progress with that this year. 
 With respect to production increases for 2023, we are going to increase throughout the rest of this year. And going into 2023, the production that we have is always a result of the programs that we put in place. And so it's going to determine the development programs that are in place by the end of this year, heading into 2023 and what we see as the appropriate pace to deliver the most net present value. And we've said before that, that could be between no growth and 5%. But as we look at the macro towards the end of the year and lay the uncertainties that we see today, we'll be able to finalize that and as you -- as we always do, let you know towards the beginning of next year. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Deckelbaum with Cowen. 
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate the time. I wanted to ask an additional question around growth into next year, specifically to the Permian. Your guide obviously implies that you'd be ramping towards almost 600,000 barrel equivalent a day there by the end of '22. Should we think about 16 gross rigs being sufficient to continue growing that profile into 2023? 
Richard Jackson: David, this is Richard. Let me start with that. I think the way I'll try to answer that is kind of talk through the cadence of how we entered the year and maybe how that translates to second quarter into the second half of the year. So very pleased with really where we landed in the first quarter. We had a beat for the onshore U.S. and specifically part the Rockies, but also part the Permian. And really, that was on a bit of uncertainty at the time we provided that guidance around final recovery of the weather event and then certainly contemplating some of the supply chain challenges that the industry saw. 
 And so we are very pleased where we landed in the first quarter. From an activity ramp-up plan, we're able to add the rigs that we started in the fourth quarter into the first quarter. So really, we're at near activity level for the rest of the year. We're at about 17 rigs and 5 frac cores in the first quarter. 
 I think importantly, as we think about this, the time to market was on pace. And so we actually finished 2 wells online better in the first quarter and increased our total year outlook by 10. And so that was very important for us to continue to deliver that time to market on pace. But as you think about sort of this inflection of growth going into the second quarter and then the back half of the year, March was 24,000 barrels a day better than February. And I think below that, 62% of the first quarter wells were online in March and really late March. So again, very pleased with that sort of ramp-up and then transition. 
 If you go back into last year, it was really -- I think we talked about on the last call a lot of transition from DUCs in the Rockies, which carried a lot of production into what I would consider a much more steady-state drilling and completion cadence really in the second quarter of this year and to the back half of the next year. So we expect to really benefit from that. And so when we think about really the second quarter, we hit this -- add a couple of rigs, as you mentioned, in the Permian, to hit the 16 and really 18 overall or net rigs. Really not a big change because our net rigs stay about the same with the drop of the Rockies in the back half of the year. 
 But you can start looking at the Delaware. It's a really important area for us to deliver this growth. We have 30 wells that were online in the first quarter. Really, the second quarter, that goes to about 40. And then the back half of the year, that increases to about 50 per quarter. And so feel good about that delivery schedule in the Delaware. Again, going back to last year, we had about 7.5 rigs in the second half of last year in the Delaware. In the first half of this year, we'll be at 12. 
 And so again, as we went from DUCs to drilling, that was really the next stage of the steady-state recovery. And then we'll enter into the full sort of completion, online schedule for the back half of the year. And so the good news is those wells are coming online very well. I think of all the wells -- and I pulled out this morning the Texas Delaware. I think we had 23 wells online in the first quarter that averaged -- they all average over 4,000 barrels a day on a 24-hour IP. So time to market is in line. Production's in line. 
 And then the final thing I would say as we think about the back half of the year is really protecting that base. And I think part of the Rockies beat, we were real pleased with -- they're about 2% better on base than what we had in the plan. And so being able to protect that base production makes it a lot better. So when you look at time to market, you look at well performance and then you look at sort of our takeaway position and flexibility in the portfolio, we feel really good, continue to work with WES on strong uptime and sort of operability, been able to look beyond 2022. 
 And so that final component of really derisking what we're trying to do is very important. So I think we -- to kind of land on where you ended your question, I think, we feel really good about where we are this year. I think we've got flexibility in the back half of the year, as Vicki said, to adjust activities and really hit what is the right capital and development program for next year to hit really what the plan needs to be given the macro conditions and what we're trying to do as a company. 
David Deckelbaum: I got my value's worth with that question. Appreciate it. Robert, just my follow-up would be -- and I'm sorry to belabor the point, but I want to ask another question around the timing of return of capital and debt paydown. If we understand the sequence correct, once you get to another tranche beyond the buybacks where you're looking to get debt down to the teens, would that then preclude any incremental return of capital via buybacks and dividends? Or should we think about it as once you get through that next tranche of debt pay down and get that into the mid-teens, would you be agnostic as long as you're sort of delivering, call it, like 50% of free cash back to shareholders on how quickly you might be triggering a paydown of the preferred notes? 
Robert Peterson: Yes. So the preferred -- so obviously, the preferred -- if you look at the $3 billion of share repurchases and add into that the dividend of $0.13, assuming that those are flat for the course of 4 consecutive quarters -- or 3 consecutive quarters, et cetera, you're still not going to quite be at the level of triggering the $4 per share Berkshire trigger. And so as we've indicated, once we go beyond the $8 billion we've laid out for debt and share repurchases, we would intend to continue reducing debt, again, with the goal being to get that gross debt down into the high teens, where, based on our conversations with the 3 rating agencies, is one of the key waypoints we need to do to achieve investment grade. 
 There are several other metrics they provide to us that we're doing very well on relative to. We certainly know that they're going to -- that a lot of these metrics are in place today based on commodity prices. And so continuing to make that progress will help those metrics further to be constructive even in a more moderate price environment. So that's the reason why we're talking about going back to the debt beyond the share repurchase. We do think it's very important for us to achieve that investment-grade status or get to those investment-grade type metrics. And so I would look at the Berkshire as more -- the potential of Berkshire as more a product of the strategy we're moving this year as a potential, more than being a driver of the strategy this year. 
 And so if we find ourselves in a constructive commodity price environment, we've achieved those debt targets we've talked about, we've got those investment-grade type metrics and we're having constructive discussions with those agencies about being investment grade, then I think you are in a position, as both Vicki and I laid out in our comments, that you could see a transition for us away from being -- debt being the predominant consumer of cash that we're generating beyond spending for the business and end up being something more targeted towards shareholder returns. And for us, as we discussed, we laid it out before, that the favorite way of returning value to shareholders beyond the dividend is through share repurchases because it does increase the sustainability of the dividend in lower price environments. We also have outstanding warrants. We know that those are sources of dilution. We also issued common shares as part of the acquisition. So it's a prime way for us to reduce it. 
 And if we do make a nominal increase in share repurchases in that 12-month period, it will automatically trigger the provision of targeting the Berkshire. So it's not a choice of do you want to trigger the Berkshire. If we cross that $4 threshold, we will begin the process of the common return and the return -- and the reduction of Berkshire preferred. 
 And so sitting here today in May, 8 months away from January of 2023, we're not in a position to forecast where our cash flow is going to be in the first quarter or where it's going to be at. But if we can accomplish these goals, it puts us in a position where we have the optionality, similar to the optionality Richard described and discussed about production exiting the year, of being able to be in a position where through additional shareholder returns, we would trigger Berkshire and begin reducing the principal of the Berkshire in the process of doing that. 
 And so we have some ground to hoe to get there. The commodity price environment is very constructive for us right now. The current -- certainly, the strip prices suggest this is very achievable, and we're doing the right things in the business in terms of driving cost out and keeping costs down in the process. So the combination of that, the chemicals business performance, our portfolio are all setting us up to be successful in that. 
 We're not very big on forecasting our cash flow in subsequent quarters or what we're going to do quarters away from this. But I think we've provided you with what our expectations are to do with cash for the balance of the year. And if all those things happen, it puts us in a position where to increase share returns, we would be going after the principal on the Berkshire at that point. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Portillo with TPH. 
Matthew Portillo: Maybe just to start out on the DJ. I was hoping you might be able to provide a little bit more context around the permitting process and maybe some of the delays you're seeing. And then I was curious, if you hold 1 rig into 2023, what that might mean from a well count perspective for you all. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes, Matt. I'll let Richard take that. 
Richard Jackson: Matt, so thinking about the DJ this year and then into next year, we feel good about the progress we're actually making with our permits. I think the decision to move the rig to -- allocation to the Delaware is really allowing us to get our development plans in place for 2023. We've got -- I think we mentioned in the prepared comments we've got permits approved to take that 1 rig into next year. We've got another 50 sort of wells that are across a couple of pads that are in the various stages of approval but we feel good about where they're at. And then we have another 200 that are part of a larger sort of program that we're working through the system. 
 I would say we've got a lot of engagement obviously over the last year thinking about this. We've got a lot of improvements in technology and some things that I think will really fit well into the permitting expectations, both locally and at the state level. So really, as we go into next year, we would be capable of really getting to -- back to that 2-rig level and perhaps even more. 
 And so from a well count perspective, it could look very similar to where we started this year for the DJ in terms of count. But the challenge for us is to obviously develop responsibly, work with the local communities, work with the states, put together the best plan we can. But when we do that, we want to be prepared to develop because those are some very good wells for us within our portfolio. 
Matthew Portillo: Perfect. And then a follow-up operational question. Just wanted to see if you might be able to spend a little bit of time talking about the Gulf of Mexico development plans from a tie-in and development perspective over the next couple of years and what that might mean for production. It's obviously a great free cash flow generative asset for the company. So I just was hoping to get a little bit more context around how you're feeling on that front moving forward. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. We still feel really good about what we're doing in the Gulf of Mexico for the next few years. As you know, we've talked recently about the full-field development look at all the structures and the opportunities and high-graded. And then we've already started now working on a subsea -- or subsurface pumping system that will enable us to increase production. 
 Also, we're doing some additional work around rescheduling some of our development opportunities based on the exploration success that we've had and that we see. So I think certainly, we have the assets, we have the permitting capability there to continue to maintain that cash flow over the next few years. Beyond that depends on some of the success of the exploration that we will be executing this year and early next year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: I had a couple of questions here around supply chain. And Vicki, in early March, you had made the comment that, I guess, caught some press, that the supply chains in the U.S. were relatively in dire shape as it relates to U.S. producers and that would be a constraint on U.S. growth. And a lot of that has proven out, especially around pressure pumping. So can you just talk about your latest views around constraints as it relates to U.S. shale and how you see this evolving from here and tie that into your view of the oil macro? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. And my comment on that was definitely related to those who don't already have their plans in place and didn't already have their materials lined up to purchase. So anybody trying to increase activity at this point, not only in the Permian but also worldwide, would have a very difficult time being able to do that. 
 And with respect to the macro, I really don't think there's been a time since I've been in our industry where inventories and spare capacity are both very low. And then you couple that with the supply chain challenge. So I think that there are a lot of headwinds to increasing production worldwide. And there's never been a time, I don't think either, that companies have been trying as hard as they can to increase production. But we can't destroy value, and it's almost value destruction if you try to accelerate anything now. And some of the longer-term projects just can't get started because of the costs involved. Now for those of us that had plans in place -- and there are other companies that have done this too. But for those of us that had plans in place and had these plans in place early enough, we've been able to mitigate some of the impact of the inflation. And I'll let Richard detail some of that. 
Richard Jackson: Sure. I'll just give you a few details from the U.S. onshore perspective, where we had factored this into our plans, like Vicki said. If you remember -- if you go back, really our first quarter message, we had up to 10% contemplated in our upstream capital budget. And we've certainly seen that. We feel good still with our capital outlook because of those plans and sort of what we had factored in for uncertainty within that range. 
 But I'd say a couple of things. One, I'll speak quickly on inflation mitigation. But importantly, for us -- most importantly for us, maintaining those operational efficiencies and that time to market, wells online schedule was very critical. And so you'll continue to hear us talk a lot about what we're trying to do to work with our service partners to protect that. 
 But from an inflation perspective, I mean, the 2 big ones: oil country tubular goods. We knew going into the year, see that. And we have -- we've had some  tubulars over 100%, and that's meaningful. It's about 7% of our capital, and so that has been meaningful. 
 The one that had a little bit more dynamics, I think from an industry perspective in the U.S. and the Permian, was really sand. But felt good. We've worked through that well in the first quarter and good where we're at today. We think about sort of where is price and where is supply and we feel good about our supply situation. We didn't have any disruptions in the first quarter that impacted that wells online schedules. We're able to maintain schedule there. 
 Part of that is design. We've been able to work with our development teams to be able to manage really both white and regional sand into our designs based on that supply. The other is our primary sand supplier and the use of Aventine. So again, that facility became very helpful for us in terms of storage and last-mile logistics in terms of what we're doing. And so that was really good. 
 The last thing around sand that I think played well for us, and we appreciate, again, our service partners with this, we moved back to a bit more of an integrated strategy with our frac providers. And so that included sand -- being able to supply sand, but it also included trucking and fuel. And so both from a trucking perspective in terms of moving sand to that last mile logistics, we were able to get some help from our frac providers; and then from a use of our Tier 4 dual-fuel perspective, that fuel supply. And so that played out very well for us. 
 We feel like we're in a good position. We feel like we're mostly locked in on price for the rest of the year. But that sort of decision and work we did with our service partner played out very well. 
Neil Mehta: And the follow-up is just around the chem side of the business. Nice to see the guidance bump here in terms of pretax income guidance. Can you just talk a little bit about how you see the trajectory of profitability through the year? It sounds like, if I understood the comment, still a strong year, but there might be some downward pressure on pricing as we think about the year playing out. So any color around that would be great. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. Sure, Neil. I guess let me answer your question by relaying where we are today. So as you indicated from our comments, the conditions are still very strong in our vinyls and in our caustic soda business. We don't -- from our, first of all, sales, the Russian-Ukraine impact is really the escalation of prices in Europe and in Asia, which is impacting their chlor-alkali operations and chlorine derivative production and leading them to not only reduce operating rates but also increase prices accordingly. That's benefiting both sides of the business because of that. 
 And so -- but not only that, domestically, the business remains very strong on the vinyl side of the business. And so we would estimate year-to-date March -- operating rates through March, these lag a bit but were reported by industry at 81.6% year-to-date, which is not as high as you might think it might be. But there's been a lot of controls in that due to the outages that occurred in the industry during the first quarter, which is pretty typical. But domestic demand in the first quarter was up about 10% versus last year. And in fact, domestic demand in March for the U.S. was the highest single month for domestic demand in over a decade, just reflecting that pent-up demand for construction. 
 And despite what is relatively, based on historical value, high prices for PVC, the demand is still there, and it's being pulled right through the building products. So that's great for the business. Exports are about 7.5% higher than they were this time last -- through March last year, reflecting the fact that there's opportunities to sell PVC internationally. In some ways, the PVC is exporting U.S. gas and ethylene overseas and the places that are being impacted by the higher prices or availability. So that's all -- it's very constructive for the business. 
 And then we see that demand being very resilient certainly through the first half of the year, a favorable housing sector, et cetera, and the export business being open for as long as it's available simply because of the U.S. advantage on gas, ethylene and energy, et cetera, versus rest of the world. So PVC feels constructive. Obviously, interest rates raising can impact housing starts, et cetera, and demand on that business. And so that's one of those uncertainties. We're not seeing anything that would suggest it's falling off, bringing fractures in the strength of PVC. 
 We're sitting here in the month of May and watching the news, like everyone else is, regarding the Fed getting more hawkish towards interest rates can have a corollary impact on housing starts and demand at some point. And so we're just a little bit less clear on the trajectory in the second half of the year. So you see a little more cautious outlook for the business on that side. 
 On the caustic side of things, it's been a -- we don't get operating rates anymore as an industry because of the amount of people that participate in it, and so -- but we would estimate rates are somewhere in the low 80s. But all producers had scheduled and unscheduled downtime, the majors, during the first part of the year so far. There's been several downstream consumers that have had issues and production issues. And we're obviously dealing with some railroad logistics issues as an industry and other industries right now. 
 And so -- but the core sectors, just like home construction, durable goods, transport, et cetera, they're all very strong right now. The improvement in travel and customer spending is still there. And obviously, just like in the PVC business, we're taking advantage of the fact that with the energy advantage in the U.S. versus the rest of the world right now from a pricing standpoint, despite being high here, it's nowhere near as high as it is in Europe and Asia, which opens up opportunities and will lead some consumers of our products to produce products here versus overseas and then export those products. And so again, similar to the PVC business, the caustic business in the second half of the year -- I think it's very strong through the first half of the year. It's just a little less clear trajectory in the second half of the year only because of those overhanging potential impacts to the economy and associated GDP, which typically drives a big part of the business. 
 And so I wouldn't say that we're pessimistic towards the second half of the year. If you look at the guidance range we gave and look at what we're doing for the second quarter and look at Slide 33, which had a historical view of chemicals performance, the second quarter guidance alone would have been a great year by many standards for many years prior to '21 and '22. And then if we look at the second half of the year, even if we reach our guidance midyear, you're talking ranges, it will also be close to $1 billion on the high end of our range. Certainly, if things are more constructive, we're on the high end of the range. And I think that's the feeling that we have right now. 
 We'll get more clarity. We're really in the zone right now where we're trying to understand what might be the impacts of rising interest rates in the business. But all the demand factors today are still very constructive for supply/demand. And the longer that supply/demand balance remains tight on the 2 sides of the business, the higher we're going to go towards the high end of that guidance, and we'll potentially revise that guidance at some point midyear obviously, once we see how the second quarter turns out. But our guidance that we provided for the year beyond the Q2 guidance just takes into consideration that uncertainty we have in the second half of the year just because of what's going on not only in the U.S. but globally in the economy. 
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. 
Douglas Leggate: Appreciate you taking my questions, everybody. Rob, I hate to do this, but I'm going to go back to the capital structure of the company. And I want to ask 2 questions related to the preferred shares. I want to nibble on them some, just a little bit, if I may. 
 So my first question is you talked about absolute net debt targets. You don't talk about the capital structure, including the prefs. So if I include the prefs as debt, for example, one could argue that once you get back to investment grade, your cost of debt is going to be a substantial potential offset to the premium you need to pay for the prefs, if you chose to raise debt by the prefs. See what I mean? 8% money on the prefs, let's say 4% or 5% money on the debt. Even with a 10% premium, that would make sense. Why would you not do that? 
Robert Peterson: Why would we not retire the pref? Is that what you're saying, Doug? I didn't catch the middle. 
Douglas Leggate: Yes. Sorry, yes. Why is that not an option? Because it seems to me that the premium is worth paying if you can reduce the cost of overall money, which is what you would do at 4% or 5% debt. 
Robert Peterson: Oh, go out and borrow to actually fund the retirement of the Berkshire. 
Douglas Leggate: Once you get -- once you hit investment grade, yes. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. The challenge with it is, is this is not just the premium. It's also the return to the shareholders, too. And so it's not just considering the premium on the Berkshire of the 10% through 2029. It's also that there's got to be an equivalent value returned to the shareholders at the same time. And so versus retiring the debt, like what we're going to do the balance of this year, where every dollar that goes to debt reduces our gross debt, going into -- when we retire the Berkshire, it will reduce shares by an equivalent amount but will also reduce -- possibly split -- bifurcate it into the 2. And so $1, half of it goes towards shareholders and half of it goes towards the Berkshire. 
 And so I think once we achieve the ability -- if we start retiring the Berkshire, we're certainly going to want to deviate and put -- whatever cash we're applying to debt reduction will be going towards the Berkshire, which, the way that our maturity is laid out today, is not very difficult for us to do. I mean we don't have any maturities of any meaningful size until the second half of 2024 at this point. Even that isn't very large in scale. And so we have the ability to allocate all the cash that we have available to us, if we want to, towards shareholders and Berkshire return, if we're doing that at that point, without having to retire the debt because we don't have any maturities over that period of time. 
Douglas Leggate: Okay. Well, I apologize for asking. I just wanted to understand if it was a crazy idea or if it was something you would actually consider. 
 My second question is even nuttier, if you don't mind me going down this route. Berkshire obviously has now a vested interest in a better share price for all these reasons. They've built up a very large position in your stock. And 8% money on the prefs is obviously still pretty expensive. Is there any consideration, likelihood discussion or anything else you might want to share with us that could ultimately see you swap out of the prefs on favorable terms for ordinary equity with Berkshire given that they have already built a very large position? Just curious if that was a consideration. 
Vicki Hollub: Doug, we don't share the discussions that we have with other shareholders, as you know. But I can tell you that we always consider ways to add value to our shareholders, and we'll continue to do that. So we really can't disclose any private conversations with other shareholders. 
Operator: The next question comes from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. 
Phil M. Gresh: With respect to capital spending, in the past, you've talked about sustaining CapEx of $3.2 billion at $40 WTI. And obviously, we're in a much higher environment and probably for longer. So I'm curious if you'd have another way to think about that in particular, the CapEx you think would be required to sustain this 2022 exit rate you're talking about that should be somewhere around 1.2 million barrels a day. And I'm looking at this in the context of your CapEx guide for the year would seem to imply we're exit rating maybe in the high 4s on CapEx, but would just be interested in any color there. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. This year, we did have some things that we needed to catch up on. As you know, we were at $2.9 billion last year, and that didn't sustain some of our lower-decline assets. So we are -- that's part of the reason that we have a little more OpEx in Permian, that is to restore some CO2 to some of our CO2 floods and also to do some workovers to get some wells back online. 
 So as we're going toward -- forward and looking at what's the optimum level of capital for the -- these assets to deliver the most value, we are taking into consideration what should we do, where should we allocate capital, so even the assets that in a sustainability scenario would be lower capital. It's just that the lower-decline assets take a little longer to catch up, but then they don't decline as quickly. So if I'm understanding your question, to get us to where we would continually be at a higher rate, which should happen going into next year, I think that we'll be where we need to be to have every -- the capital into every asset that we have optimized. 
Phil M. Gresh: So just to clarify, if we're exit rating, call it, at $4.8 billion or something like that in the fourth quarter on CapEx, would you be saying then that there's maybe still some catch-up spend that was embedded in that? Or is that actually the sustaining capital rate? 
Vicki Hollub: I would say that, that is probably a little higher than the sustaining rate. But it's the rate that we feel is appropriate on a go-forward basis to optimize the development within each of those portfolios. Our sustaining capital is still at that $3.2 billion in a $40 environment. So we have the increase in prices that comes with not being in the $40 environment, I should say. 
 We have -- on the waterfall, we show you a little deflation as costs go back down to a cycle that looks more like $40 than where we are today. So there's an uplift in costs associated with that. And then there's the $250 million that we put into the CapEx for this year that's more related to inflation, albeit we're just trying to offset $50 million of that. But that's also dollars that are not going into delivering incremental oil. It's just to pay the costs due to inflation. So it is at the rate that -- going into next year, would be at a rate that should deliver year-over-year a little bit of an increase in production. 
Operator: And the last questioner will be Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: Maybe first one is for Rob. I know that it's too early, that you guys haven't designed what is your program going to look like for next year. But can you tell us roughly what percent of your work may already have some kind of fixed price contract for 2023? And maybe some give and take then on how you see that program like in higher inflation or if inflation will continue pushing higher. Some kind of -- maybe any insight can help. 
 And second question is we're quite -- the midstream full year guidance seems to suggest second half, you're going to, say, go back to a loss. Is that just being conservative or there's some identified items to make you believe the second half of the result is going to be much worse than what we've seen in the second quarter or what you are guiding to? 
Richard Jackson: Paul, this is Richard. Maybe I'll start with just a little bit of the sort of U.S. contract and talk around it in terms of inflation. We can start there to kind of give you a view of how it's going into the back half of this year and into 2023. 
 I think from -- some of the critical components like rigs and frac core, we have flexibility going into the back half of the year we have some contracts that do not extend into 2023. So again, as we sort of land on what the final 2023 plan is, we've got some flexibility there. We also want to make sure we've got the highest performing crews and rigs that we can. 
 Again, from an OCTG and sort of sand supply, I think one of the real advantages we have beyond what I mentioned earlier is that we're operating most of our activity within 5 core development plans. So we've got this year about 80% to 90% of our activity within 5 areas and would expect that to continue into next year. And that -- those designs being locked in gives us the advantage of being able to schedule out things like sand delivery and tubular. So both of those we'll order out 6 months in advance. We'll be able to secure the pricing that we can. And those represent really the biggest uncertainties in terms of inflation going into next year. 
 The rest, we obviously work contracts globally. So work with Ken, whether it's Gulf of Mexico or internationally, to be able to work with our service providers as best we can to sort of do that global view in terms of our need. So we feel good, again, where we stand this year in terms of supply and price, and we'll be looking in the back half of this year to get that firmed up into next year. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say, Paul, on the midstream business, because of all the uncertainties in the world and there are a lot of those, we've taken a very conservative approach on our forecast for pricing of sulfur and NGLs mainly. And with that, I want to say I very much appreciate all the calls today, and I want to thank our employees for their commitment and their exceptional performance that's been able to help us resume our delivery of return on capital employed and of capital to shareholders. So have a good day. Thank you. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-25 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Occidental's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Rocco. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's Fourth Quarter 2021 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ken Dillon, President, International Oil and Gas Operations; and Richard Jackson, President, Operations, U.S. Onshore Resources and Carbon Management.  
 This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon.  
 I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, Please go ahead. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. The fourth quarter of 2021 was a fitting year -- a fitting way to end the year where Oxy's operational and financial performance advanced from strong to stronger. 
 Our focus on consistently delivering outstanding operational results, combined with our steadfast dedication and patience in improving our balance sheet, has positioned us to begin increasing the amount of capital returned to shareholders. Our new shareholder return framework, which we will detail today, includes a dividend that is sustainable in a low price environment. We are pleased to implement this new framework, beginning with an increase in the quarterly common dividend to $0.13 per share. 
 The position of strength that we are in today stems from our team's hard work and accomplishments last year. Throughout 2021, we strived tirelessly to improve our already exceptional operational performance. We capitalized on efficiency improvements by embedding innovative techniques across our operations. Our focus on learning, implementing change, where needed, and maximizing opportunities for improvement enabled us to accelerate time to market for our products while generating notable capital saving. We will continue to maximize operational efficiencies in 2022 by executing on the capital plan that invest in our highest-return assets to generate long-term sustainable free cash flow.  
 This afternoon, I will begin by covering our fourth quarter and full year 2021 highlights and achievements, before detailing our 2022 capital budget. Rob and I will then discuss our shareholder return framework, and Rob will provide guidance for the first quarter and year ahead. Before turning to Q&A at the end, I will provide a preview of the Low Carbon Ventures investor update that we have planned for next month.  
 Now to talk about delivering cash flow priorities. Those who have followed us at Oxy's journey over the past several quarters know that our cash flow priorities have centered around derisking our balance sheet and reducing debt. We diligently delivered on these cash flow priorities throughout 2021, including the repayment of approximately $6.7 billion of debt. We now expect that our net debt will be below $25 billion by the end of the first quarter of 2022, which will mark a change in how excess cash flow will be allocated going forward.  
 Before I detail our updated cash flow priorities and shareholder return framework, I would like to first touch on a few of the many operational and financial successes that enabled us to reach this significant turning point.  
 2021 was a year of continuous operational improvements, which drove record free cash flow generation, rapid debt reduction and a return to profitability. One of Oxy's core strengths is our ability to develop assets in a way that efficiently maximizes production and recovery while generating significant cash flow, and that is just what we did in 2021. Multiple drilling and completion records were set across our domestic and international businesses as our production for the year averaged 1.167 million BOE per day. That's 27,000 BOE per day higher than our initial guidance.  
 2021 was also a more conventional year in terms of commodity prices, operations and planning, all of which was helpful in providing a reserve update that reflects a more normalized price environment. Our reserves for year-end 2021 increased to 3.5 billion BOE, representing a reserve replacement ratio of 241%. Our reserves position means that we have a vast supply of low-breakeven projects and inventory available. We have included updated inventory information for our U.S. onshore operations in the appendix to this presentation.  
 Over the last year, we significantly advanced our commitments toward a low-carbon future. We are proud to be one of only a few oil and gas companies with net-zero goals that are aligned with the Paris Agreement's 1.5 degree Celsius pathway. In December, Oxy became the first U.S. upstream oil and gas company to enter into a sustainability-linked revolving credit facility, which includes absolute reductions in our combined Scopes 1 and 2 CO2 equivalent emissions as the key performance indicator. 
 We set additional interim emission targets to further refine our net-zero pathway, including a short-term target to reduce our CO2 equivalent emissions to approximately 3.7 million metric tons per year below our 2021 level and to accomplish that by 2024. We set a medium-term target to facilitate the geologic storage or use of 25 million metric tons per year of CO2 in Oxy's value chain by 2032. 
 We also endorsed the Methane Guiding Principles and Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0, a climate and clean air coalition initiative led by the United Nations Environment program. This is consistent with our commitment to enhance methane emissions reporting and reducing those emissions. 
 Our journey towards net zero is underway, and we look forward to discussing in greater detail at our Low Carbon Ventures Investor Day next month.  
 Now the fourth quarter highlights. The strong operational and financial performance that we delivered throughout last year continued in the fourth quarter. We set a fourth consecutive record for quarterly free cash flow generation before working capital, which contributed to generating our highest-ever annual level of free cash flow in 2021. We continue to apply free cash flow towards reducing debt and strengthening our balance sheet, repaying an additional $2.2 billion of debt in the fourth quarter.  
 Operationally, all 3 business segments excelled in driving our robust financial performance. OxyChem delivered record earnings for the second consecutive quarter as performance throughout the year culminated in 2021 being OxyChem's strongest in over 30 years. The fourth quarter, which is typically lower due to seasonality, even exceeded the record third quarter.  
 And in our oil and gas segment, our Permian, Rockies and Oman teams set new operational records and efficiency benchmarks in the fourth quarter, further improving on their third quarter record.  
 Our midstream business outperformed by maximizing gas margins during the fourth quarter. While short-term opportunities in the commodity markets are difficult to predict, our midstream team exceed at finding and taking full advantage of such opportunities when they arise.  
 Now I'm pleased to say that our fourth quarter results continued to demonstrate the commitment of all of our employees, no matter their position or location, to find ways to further create value by lowering costs, improving efficiencies and maximizing recoveries. They truly are driving our strong financial results and providing a solid foundation for free cash flow generation. 
 Now on to 2021 oil and gas operational excellence. On each of our last several calls, I've enjoyed highlighting the many operational achievements our teams continuously deliver. The magnitude of these achievements is striking when viewed on a combined basis over the last year. We established record drilling cycle times in the Gulf of Mexico, the Permian, Rockies and in Oman, and set new efficiency benchmarks across our portfolio in 2021. We intend to maintain our focus on continuous improvement in the year ahead as we work to maximize the value our portfolio can generate for shareholders.  
 Now our 2022 capital plan. Our 2022 capital plan invests in cash flow longevity while building on the capital intensity leadership we demonstrated in 2021. We have sized our capital plan to sustain production in 2022 at 1.155 million BOE per day while investing in high-return projects that will provide cash flow stability throughout the cycle. We have also incorporated an expectation for inflation and a capital range to reflect the potential for fluctuations in our third-party-operated assets and our low-carbon opportunities during the year. 
 Our sustaining capital, which we define as the capital required to sustain production in the $40 WTI environment over a multiyear period, remains industry-leading. Our multiyear sustaining capital is expected to increase from our 2021 capital budget of $2.9 billion, the reduced inventory of drilling uncompleted wells and additional investment in our Gulf of Mexico and EOR assets, to optimize the long-term productivity of our reservoirs and facilities. If the macro environment requires spending below our multiyear sustaining capital, we have the ability to reduce it further and hold production flat for shorter periods of time, as we've demonstrated.  
 We're also investing in attractive mid-cycle projects that will provide cash flow stability through the cycle in future years. For example, these projects include the Al Hosn expansion, which began last year. And OxyChem is in the process of completing a FEED study to modernize certain Gulf Coast chlor-alkali assets from diaphram to membrane technology.  
 Our capital plan also includes investments to advance our net zero pathway, including reducing emissions, improving energy efficiency and developing our carbon sequestration initiative. We're allocating capital in the budget to 1PointFive to begin construction on the first direct air capture facility. 
 We continue to make progress on both the engineering and commercial needs for direct air capture development. We're improving both of these aspects and believe Oxy's capital helps retain value for our shareholders. As the construction phase and technology of this new project advance, we will continue to consider strategic capital partnerships and structures to address financing. We'll provide more comprehensive update on 1PointFive and direct air capture at our March 23 LCV investor update.  
 We benefited greatly from commodity price rebound last year and appreciate how swiftly the price environment can change. The optionality that our scale and asset base provide enables us to retain a high degree of flexibility in our capital and spending plans. The majority of our capital program is comprised of short-cycle investments, meaning that we have the ability to quickly adapt to changes in the macro environment. 
 Within 6 months or less, if necessary, we can reduce capital spending to sustaining levels. And if oil prices remain supportive this year, our intent is to follow our cash flow priorities and capital framework that we will share with you today. We have no need and no intent to invest in production growth this year. 
 Having a flexible capital budget that includes investment and cash flow longevity provides us and puts us in a strong position to implement shareholder return framework that will benefit shareholders over the long term. With respect to cash flow priorities, our priorities for 2022 remain largely unchanged, with a continuing emphasis on reducing debt while maintaining our asset base integrity and sustainability. 
 The objective of strengthening our financial position remains the same: Enable us to confidently increase the amount of capital that we may sustainably return to shareholders throughout the cycle. As we expect net debt to fall below $25 billion by the end of the first quarter, our focus has expanded to returning capital to shareholders, beginning with the increase in our common dividend to $0.13 per share and the reactivation and expansion of our share repurchase program. The increase in the dividend to $0.13 per share is consistent with our intention to initially increase the dividend to a level that approximates the yield of the S&P 500. 
 We believe establishing framework for returning capital to shareholders through a sustainable common dividend, combined with an active share repurchase program and continued debt reduction, creates an attractive value proposition for shareholders while also improving the company's long-term financial position. 
 For the first phase of our shareholder return framework initiated, we have the options in future years to invest in cash flow growth. We have the ability to grow oil and gas cash flow through higher production, but also have multiple investment opportunities across our other businesses. As evidenced by our guidance for 2022, we do not intend to grow production in 2022. At the point where it is appropriate to invest in future cash flow growth, we will only do so if supported by long-term demand. Any future production growth will be limited to an average annual rate of approximately 5%.  
 I'll now turn the call over to Rob, who will walk you through our shareholder return framework. 
Robert Peterson: Thank you, Vicki, and good afternoon. As Vicki mentioned, the first phase of our shareholder return framework consists of the debt reduction; an increase in the common dividend to $0.13 per share; and the reactivation, expansion of our share repurchase program. 
 With net debt expected to be below $25 billion by the end of the first quarter, we are ready to begin returning more capital to shareholders, but we'll continue to prioritize debt reduction to focus on our medium-term goal of regaining our investment-grade credit rating. We place high importance on debt reduction for the reasons I highlighted last quarter, mainly that as debt is reduced, our company's enterprise value rebalances to the benefit of our shareholders. 
 We recognize that oil prices are uncertain and may remain volatile, particularly in the current environment. We then prioritized retirement of an initial $5 billion of debt to drive our net debt towards our next milestone of $20 billion. When this milestone is achieved, our balance sheet will improve significantly even from where we are today. 
 We intend to provide our shareholders with a competitive common dividend while maintaining a long-cycle cash flow breakeven at $40 WTI or less. The long-term sustainability of our dividend will be enhanced by continued deleveraging and share repurchases as well as our best-in-class capital efficiency and a deep low-cost portfolio of assets. As debt is retired, our cash interest payments will decrease, freeing up cash that can be used to support future common dividend growth. 
 In addition to increasing the common dividend to $0.13 per share, we intend to purchase approximately $3 billion of outstanding shares of common stock. Maintaining an active share repurchase program with the benefit of a healthy balance sheet will potentially enable us to grow the dividend on a per share basis at a faster rate. 
 As evidenced by our progress reducing debt last year, debt retirement remains a higher cash flow priority than our share repurchase program. We intend to make substantial progress towards retiring an additional $5 billion of debt before initiating share repurchases. 
 It is our goal to reward shareholders with the triple benefit of: A sustainable common benefit, an active share repurchase program and a continuously strengthening financial position. We believe the shareholder return framework we have detailed this afternoon delivers these in a manner that is transparent for shareholders. 
 I'll now turn to our fourth quarter results. In the fourth quarter, we announced an adjusted profit of $1.48 and a reported profit of $1.37 per diluted share. Our adjusted income improved significantly through 2021, with the fourth quarter being the strongest quarter of the year. The increase in earnings was primarily driven by higher commodity prices and volumes as well as OxyChem's excellent financial performance.  
 Our domestic oil and gas expenses experienced a sizable reduction on a BOE basis from the previous quarter and reflected a more normalized environment absent any significant weather disruptions. The strong performance of our businesses, combined with the benefit of a healthy commodity price, enabled us to deliver another consecutive quarter of record free cash flow.  
 On our third quarter call, we announced the completion of our large-scale divestiture program, but reiterated our intention to continue seeking opportunities to optimize our portfolio to create shareholder value. In November, we completed a bolt-on acquisition to increase our working interest in EOR assets that we'd operate. And in January 2022, we divested a small package of Permian acreage that had yet no immediate plan to develop. The purchase and sale prices of these transactions largely offset each other, while the EOR acquisition added approximately 5,000 BOE per day of low-decline production as well as increasing our inventory of potential CCUS opportunity.  
 We exited the fourth quarter with approximately $2.8 billion of unrestricted cash on the balance sheet after repaying approximately $2.2 billion of debt in the quarter. In total, last year, we paid approximately $6.7 billion of debt and retired $750 million of notional interest rate swaps. Our debt reduction continues to drive a pronounced improvement in our credit profile. Since our last call, both Fitch and S&P upgraded our credit ratings to BB+, 1 notch below investment grade; while Moody's assigned us a positive outlook on our debt.  
 Reducing the amount of cash that is committed to interest payments today places us in a stronger position for a sustainable return of capital in the future. We estimate that the balance sheet improvements executed in 2021 will reduce interest and financing costs by almost $250 million per year going forward, which will fund approximately half of the increase in our common dividend.  
 Our business incurred a negative working capital change in the fourth quarter. It was primarily driven by higher accounts receivable balance due to higher commodity prices and, to a lesser extent, an increase in inventories, including a higher number of barrels on the water at year-end.  
 The oil and gas hedges we had in place rolled off at the end of the fourth quarter, and we are now positioned to take full advantage of the current commodity price environment. We recognize the possibility of a swift change in commodity prices always exists. 
 The debt maturity profile we have today is far more manageable mantle than it was 2 years ago, and our liquidity profile remains robust. In addition to cash on hand, we have $4.4 billion of committed unutilized bank facility. We continue to believe that reducing debt and maintaining maximum flexibility in our capital plans is the most effective long-term solution to managing risk while providing shareholders the benefits of commodity price gain. 
 We expect our full year production to average 1.155 million BOE per day in 2022. Production in the first quarter of 2022 is expected to be lower than the fourth quarter of 2021 due to the timing impact of wells that are brought online in 2021, severe winter weather in the Permian earlier this month and the impact of significant planned international turnaround activities this quarter. Algeria, Al Hosn and Dolphin are all undergoing scheduled maintenance in the first quarter, which is reflected in our international production guidance. 
 The downtime associated with Al Hosn is notably larger than typical years as the plant is undergoing the first full shutdown since its inception to substantially complete the tie-ins associated with the expansion project and to enhance plant sustainability and reliability. Additionally, a portion of our international production is subject to production-sharing contracts, where we typically receive fewer barrels in a higher-price environment, the impact of which is captured in our full year and first quarter guidance.  
 The Permian activity we added late in the fourth quarter is expected to replace the production benefit received in 2021 and completed our DJ -- our inventory of DJ Basin undrilled, uncompleted wells in the early part of last year. Our 2022 Permian capital allocation is expected to provide benefits that will last into 2023. 
 We anticipate that our activity this year will provide us the flexibility to either hold Permian production flat at our 2022 exit rate for similar capital next year, or spend less capital in 2023 to hold production relatively flat to our 2022 average. We also expect that our production in 2022 will increase throughout the year to achieve our full year guidance as our international operations will resume their normal production levels and our activity in the Permian brings new production online.  
 Additionally, the trajectory of operating production is anticipated to offset lower production in the Rockies this year as our activity in the DJ Basin is tapered, reflecting development planning timing to ensure efficient operations as new permits are obtained. Partially offsetting lower Rockies production with higher Permian production, combined with an increase in EOR activity, will result in a slightly higher domestic operating expense as the DJ Basin has one of the lowest operating costs on a BOE basis in our portfolio. The increase in Permian production is expected to result in domestic cash margins improving by -- in 2022 as the company-wide oil cut increases approximately 54.5%. 
 The mid-cycle level of capital we intend to spin this year provides flexibility to sustain production in 2023 and beyond at our multiyear sustaining capital level of $3.2 billion in a $40 price environment. 
 We expect that OxyChem's 2022 earnings will exceed even 2021. OxyChem continues to benefit from continued demand improvement for caustic soda, while PVC pricing remains strong. Additionally, as I mentioned on our last call, we expect chlorine markets to remain tight as chlor-alkali producers seek the highest value for their products. OxyChem's integration towards multiple chlorine derivatives enables us to optimize our production mix to supply the products the market requires, whether this is for chlorine for water treatment, vinyls or PVC, for example.  
 This year, we will make an incremental capital investment as we complete a FEED study for the modernization of certain Gulf Coast chlor-alkali assets from diaphram to membrane technology. Modernizing these assets would result in a material energy efficiency improvement, but will also lower the carbon intensity per ton of the product produced and delivered. The project would also provide the opportunity for a significant expansion of our existing capacity to meet growing demand for our key products. We expect to reach final investment decision later this year, at which time, we will be prepared to share additional details.  
 To assist investors to reconcile our guidance with our segment earnings, we have made a change in how we guide midstream going forward. Our midstream guidance now includes income from WES, which is a change to how we've guided midstream previously. Quarterly guidance now includes Oxy's portion of WES income using the average of the previous 4 publicly available quarters. Our annual guidance now includes Oxy's portion of WES income using the sum of the previous 4 publicly available quarters.  
 As we look to the year ahead, we will work to continue to improve on the numerous operational and financial success of 2021, including making additional inroads on reducing debt, implementing our shareholder return framework and advancing our low-carbon aspirations.  
 I'll now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. When we established Low Carbon Ventures in 2018, we knew we were ahead of the curve in recognizing the opportunity and necessity of building a carbon management business, both to help reduce global emissions and to enhance our business. At that time, we were focused on key technologies and projects that would reduce Oxy's emissions and provide a more sustainable future business. 
 Today, we have advanced that vision and fully appreciate the vast scope of the carbon management opportunity as well as the cross-industry support and partnership in front of us. On past earnings calls, we had discussed several of the initiatives Low Carbon Ventures is developing and Oxy's ambition to achieve net zero before 2050. We've been working on key technology developments and important commercial needs to advance LCV's projects that are now in a position to move more fully -- and more fully detail our low carbon business and how it positions us to realize our net-zero ambition and improve our long-term business.  
 On March 23, we will host a Low Carbon Ventures investor update, where we will provide a detailed update on our low-carbon strategy, with a focus on the technology and commercial development of carbon-capture projects, specifically direct air capture. The event, which we expect may last up to 2.5 hours, will be accessible through our website. 
 As I've said before, we are excited about our unique position and capabilities as a company. We value our broader low-carbon and business partnerships that are growing, and our workforce is energized to advance this immense opportunity before us.  
 We'll now open the call for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays. 
Jeanine Wai: Our first question is on the gross debt reduction. We're assuming that the $5 billion that you're planning on getting through, that can be executed through tenders. And so just any idea on what the timing of that could look like for you to complete that, given what you've seen in the market. 
 And do you need to get through the full $5 billion of tenders before you begin the buybacks? We were looking back at your prior tender, and you almost got the whole thing done, but that was only about $1.5 billion. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. Good question, Jeanine. And so I guess, first, let me comment on the tender that we did at the end in December. We were pretty aggressive on the premiums we've put in that tender because we knew we had an additional $700 million of callable debt available to us at the time. And so we were pretty happy with the ultimate outcome that came out of that. 
 As we moved forward since then, we have a lot of opportunities to reduce the debt. Last year, we were able to reduce, of the $6.7 billion of debt we did last year, we only paid a 1.5% premium for that. And within that, $4.7 billion of that was actually concentrated on maturities that were 2024 or newer. 
 And so when I look at the opportunities to retire debt this year, as we indicated, we already retired the remaining January -- last of our 2022 maturities, for $101 million, already this month -- or this quarter. 
 So we do have tenders, make-whole provisions. We have the ability to build cash on a net debt basis as maturities come forward. We do have the option to settle the February '23 notes, which is the bulk of our 2023 maturities, come callable in November. But overall, when I look at the -- our debt, it is actually even cheaper than it was at the end of the year, largely because as interest rates have risen in the perspective of interest rates rising again.  
 And so certainly, the next dollar we put forward will be towards debt reduction. And with the cash we ended the year at and the cash we're adding during the quarter, it's pretty safe to say that's probably not too far in the future that we initiate that process again. We don't need to have all of that completed before we return to buying share -- initiate a share purchase program, but we need it to be substantially completed or have line of sight on it being completed before we begin repurchasing shares. 
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. That's really helpful information. Maybe just going forward a little bit beyond that on your future cash flow priorities. Oxy has got a real high-class problem. Assuming oil prices stay anywhere close to where they are today, you'll be building a significant amount of cash on the balance sheet over the next few years even after you do the $5 billion of debt reduction and the $3 billion of buybacks. 
 So I guess, have you started to assess the next steps in capital allocation after hitting your debt goals and the buyback? And I guess specifically, do you have any thoughts on potentially trying to tackle the preferreds early and doing that versus either other debt reduction or production growth? And just how you're thinking about the preferred. 
Robert Peterson: So we have discussed previously provisions with regards to the Berkshire agreement related to shareholder return, enabling us to begin redemption of the Berkshire to $4 per share common dividend to our shareholders. Assuming we repurchased $3 billion of shares in a 12-month period and then you combine that with $0.52 of dividend payments over 4 consecutive quarters, we still won't have distributed enough to reach a $4 per share distribution trigger. It would be about $3.72 at that point. 
 But I want you to know, the Berkshire common provision isn't a limit on our ability to return value to shareholders. It simply means, if the circumstance arrives and the macro puts us in a place where we have exceeded $4 per share on a trailing 12-month basis, we would just be in a position where we have to redeem an equal portion of Berkshire at a 10% premium as we return to shareholders above and beyond that. 
 And so as we sit here today in February, agreeing that, yes, there's a lot of potential for elevated oil prices over an extended period of time to create a constructive macro for going beyond our debt focus. But it's a little too early, I think, to speculate on what we would do at that point in time. 
Operator: Our next question today comes from Phil Gresh at JPMorgan. 
Phil M. Gresh: Yes, I guess just a follow up on that question around the net debt, the $20 billion next step, so to speak. What is the ultimate goal with the balance sheet? Is it $10 billion to $15 billion? I mean, how do you think about that today? 
Robert Peterson: Yes, Bill. I think we've already seen in notes published from the various rating agencies that their expectations would be investment grade is somewhere in the mid- to high teens. And so I think getting to that point -- getting to a level at some point, that is, in that $15 billion or less net debt is an ultimate goal for the company. 
 That would put us in a place -- there -- it also depends sort of on their long-term price horizon. If you take their $60, getting down to a net of $20 billion puts us close to a 2 multiple at that point, depending on EBITDA going on a year in year out basis. So we know we've got to do a little further than that in order to get consideration for investment grade. 
Phil M. Gresh: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And then, Rob, you made a comment just about the Permian exit rate in '22 and into 2023. And I was just wondering, where do you stand in terms of the CapEx carry with the EcoPetrol JV? Is there any spending in 2022 that kind of moves into the full 50-50 split? Or is that a 2023 event? I'm just curious, based on your comments you're making, how you incorporated how that could flip to the 50-50 and when? 
Robert Peterson: Based on the activity level we have planned for this year, we would probably consume the balance of the carry this year, but we don't anticipate really flipping in 2022. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. 
Douglas Leggate: Rob or Vicki, I wonder if I could follow-up first on the buyback just so I understand it correctly. So $3 billion, is that an annual number that, depending on when you start the buyback, would you still expect to execute the full $3 billion in 2022? Irrespective of when you hit, you get that line of sight, which I'm guessing is a matter of months. 
 And I guess related, you're kind of front-running yourself a little bit. And one could argue, taking the stock is heavily discounted because of your capital structure, why not consider something like an ASR? 
Robert Peterson: So Doug, I think the first way I'd answer part of your question is the -- once we begin to initiate the share repurchases, it will be done both in an open-market repurchase basis when the market is open; and when it's closed, through a 10b5 type programmatic program. 
 The stock, as you know, is extremely liquid. I mean, we can easily purchase $1 billion of shares in less than 14 trading days without -- I mean, close to 15% of the average daily trading volume. So that's a pretty safe way that, over a fairly short period of time, if we wanted to, we could accomplish $3 billion goal. 
 But that goal, certainly be dictated by our free cash flow generation. That's largely related to the commodity prices. And it's -- we're in an environment right now where we've -- the hedges have rolled off, we're giving our shareholders full exposure to commodity prices, which we think over the cycle of the commodities, will deliver the most value to the company and ultimately the most value to shareholders. 
 But along with that, we realized that the macro can change for a lot of different risk factors that can cause prices to go unconstructive for us in a rapid fashion also. And so we can't find ourselves in a position where maybe we'd tackled the stock ahead of time, and the price environment changed for whatever reason, and we haven't addressed the debt first. 
 And that's part of the reason why we understand that, over the long -- over the course of the year, we may end up paying more for the stock to retire it. But in aligning risks and opportunities for shareholders, we think the approach are taking the most prudent way to do it. 
Douglas Leggate: Okay. So just to be clear, so if you started the buy back in May, you'd still expect to get $3 billion done this year? That's just for clarity, that's not my follow-up. 
Robert Peterson: Well, the time line is going to be dependent upon the availability of cash, Doug. That's what's going to be the driver of it. But in terms of ability to execute, with the liquidity of the stock, a time frame of being we complete it in the second half of the year, even if we didn't initiate until the second half of the year, would not be a challenge. 
Douglas Leggate: Okay. My follow-up is a resource question. Vicki, I'm guessing this was deliberate, but you've given -- you've kind of laid out the inventory depth for the onshore portfolio, looks at the current rate, something around 15 years, assuming not a lot of growth. What about the Gulf of Mexico and the rest of the portfolio? Can you give us a kind of an update as to how you see the resource depth or sustainability that goes along with the sustaining capital number that you gave us? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I'll let Ken answer that. He's got his team actually working on that in view of some of the challenges we've had with the recent lease sale. Actually, we have a great new story on that. 
Kenneth Dillon: Doug, in terms of Gulf of Mexico, we recently completed our field architecture studies. As you know, we have a 179 blocks, wherein 90 of those are tagged as exploration. When we look at the risk portfolio and the opportunities we have, we have substantial work, hundreds of millions of risk barrels, opportunities going forward. 
 We have a solid assembly line of projects. We've got 3 projects in flight at the moment. Caesar Tonga expansion, our Mountain expansion, A2 subsea pumping. 
 And the recent -- as Vicki alluded to, our recent lease round attempt, our goal there was to try and obtain acreage close by our existing infrastructure to accelerate simple tiebacks. But that doesn't inhibit us. We have a large portfolio, and we feel comfortable going forward within the plans that have been presented in the slides. 
Operator: Our next question today comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: So the first question is on the production profile. Vicki, you had made the comment, as you think about the long term, you want to see growth somewhere between 0% and 5%. Is that sort of -- why is -- how do you think about the long-term profile? And based on the way you've you view normal, that's a big range. Where do you see yourselves planning in the context of that range? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, it really depends on the projects. And what we always do is we try to design our capital programs to deliver the best returns. And so it's always -- as we develop our areas, it's always with that in mind and to build the facilities that require a pace of development that delivers the maximum return. 
 So we could have lumpy -- a little bit lumpy growth going out. The Gulf of Mexico is a little bit lumpy. In the shale play, depending on whether you're starting a new area or not, it would be a little bit lumpy. But certainly, our capital intensity, we believe, is going to continue over time to be the best in the industry. And the development that we'll have, and whether or not we're at 0% or 5%, will depend on how the program lays out to maximize returns. 
 So we have, as you see, inventory onshore, inventory in the Gulf of Mexico. We have the -- as well some international projects that could add value. And as I mentioned in my script, we do have in our chemicals business opportunities to grow there. And so the efficiencies and opportunities that we see really will depend on how we can piece it together to deliver the best possible return. 
Neil Mehta: Certainly an evolving situation. Let me ask you about chemicals, Vicki, because the '22 guide was stronger than what we anticipated. I think a lot of investors expected chemicals to be sequentially lower. Just talk about some of the moving pieces that allows for some profitability to improve year-over-year. And what are the biggest risks to actually achieving the guide? 
Robert Peterson: Yes, Neil, I'll take the one on chemicals. And so what I'd point to first, I know you understand the business well, is obviously, we -- if you look at Slide 39 in the deck, the 2 business -- profit drivers in the business are the PVC business or the vinyls business and the caustic soda business. And both of those did materially improve throughout 2021. And when we have favorable conditions in both, the impact to earnings is pretty significant. 
 And so what you're seeing is -- first, let me just say that where the market is at right now, as the PVC business is still quite tight, very tight supply/demand balance. We think operating rates for the industry were in 80%, 81% in January. Demand was slightly higher in January of '22 relative to January '21, less than 1%, but a little bit better. Producers are attempting to build inventory in PVC right now in advance of outages that are scheduled, but you've got this situation where they're already at low inventories and the pull from the construction sector remains strong. And so you've got attempts to grow inventories while demand is still quite strong. 
 We expect demand to remain strong in the PVC business throughout 2022. There's a very favorable housing starts outlook. Mortgage rates obviously remain pretty low, and the remodeling sector also remains very attractive. 
 And so you can look at the export side of the business. So in January, there's only about 250 million pounds of export, which is about 30% less than '21. That's reflective of the lack of product available right now. 
 And so we certainly see -- you're not going to have an opportunity for inventory to really replenish itself and exports to even return until probably the latter part of the second quarter when resin supply might be normalized in the wake of outages, assuming there's no unplanned outages over that period. 
 And then in case of the chlor-alkali side, we're seeing a very tight supply/demand market, largely because of production challenges. Operating rates, we think, in the industry are going to be somewhere in the low 80s for the first quarter. There's a lot of planned outages scheduled between now and May of '22, but there's been a significant number of unplanned outages still in the industry impacting product availability. 
 And on the chlorine side, we think growth -- we'll see growth at least 3% to 4% this year. Again, all the sector markets are strong with the similar markets to the PVC that draw on the chlor-alkali side of the business. We think that will be also supplemented by there's improving travel and then business spending, return to office will drive pulp and paper usage for caustic soda, et cetera. So a lot of things that we think are going to be positive on that. 
 And on the international side of the caustic business, certainly rising natural gas prices and availability in Europe and Asia will have already impacted operating rates or chloro vinyl producers overseas, which is driving up values to that. 
 And so the biggest change year-over-year and why I think there's maybe a surprise because conditions were so remarkable in 2021. And why would we be guiding to something higher than that? 
 Is that if you go back and look at the beginning of the year, caustic soda at the beginning of 2021 was still coming out of the really low values at the post-COVID drop in 2020. PVC has recovered very quickly on the construction side, but caustic was dragging its way up a little by a little out of the lows experienced during 2020. And so caustic prices improved sequentially quarter after quarter throughout 2021, which is why you'll see the earnings for the segment in the fourth quarter was -- typically, the first and fourth are the shoulder quarters and the strong ones are the midyear, Q2, Q3. But you had almost -- you had doubled the earnings in the chemicals segment in the fourth quarter compared to the first quarter. 
 And so we're coming in with so much more momentum, which is why our guide for Q1 is so strong for the chemical business. And so it's not that we're predicting those conditions persist all the way through the entire year, we're just going to start from a higher point. How long that these conditions persist will impact whether that guidance actually could increase over the balance of the year potentially, if it holds on longer than we're anticipating. We do anticipate that things, as I said, will start to normalize maybe the middle part of the year. 
Operator: And our next question today comes from Matt Portillo with TPH. 
Matthew Portillo: Just the first question on the DJ Basin. You mentioned in the prepared remarks some timing around permits. Just curious if you could provide some context on the permitting process as it stands today. And is this a good level of development to think about for next year? Or should we expect a rebound in the DJ in 2023 as it relates to drilling? 
Richard Jackson: Matt, this is Richard. I'll take that one for us. So with respect to the permits in the DJ, really have had good progress over the last years is how I would describe it. Just looking at some of the permits in hand, we've had about 46 wells permitted, which takes us through really past half the year. 
 And so what we've really put in place is optionality in our program. So you dig into sort of our onshore plan for this year, we have plans to pick up a second rig in the year. And really, that's based on confidence with where we're going with our permit. 
 So as you know, last year, some changes in terms of the process happened. And so we've been meaningfully engaged over the last year, importantly, at the stakeholder level and communities and then now with the state. But we've seen in our own pads approved as well as other operators. And I think the feedback that we've received, and we continue to work on together, is continuing to improve technology and things that we know that can really place us in a good place for development. 
 So I guess, in short, we're optimistic. We've got a rig plan to come in, in the second half of the year, but have optionality within the program to be able to adjust as needed. 
Matthew Portillo: Perfect. And maybe a follow-up on the marketing side. I know as an organization, you guys have been very thoughtful about this process through the cycle. The basin, it looks like there's possibly some solutions on the horizon for incremental gas takeaway. And just curious how you all might be thinking about potentially adding to your takeaway portfolio from a gas marketing perspective.
 And then maybe dovetailing into that. On the crude oil side, could you just remind us when some of those contracts start to roll over? And if there's any tailwinds to the financials kind of moving forward over the next few years around crude oil marketing. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Matt, we really have enough gas capacity, and as much as we feel like we need at this point and with respect to our growth profile. And for the oil side of it, the contracts start rolling off in 2025 for the oil and gas -- for the oil part of the contract. So we have plenty of capacity. At that time, I think it will take probably a couple of years to get us down to the point where all the contracts are aloft. 
Operator: Our next question today comes from Neal Dingmann at Truist Securities. 
Neal Dingmann: Vicki, my first question maybe for you. You mentioned just a couple of minutes ago here that you thought you maybe would ramp the chemicals. And obviously, as a finance guy, that just continues to be. I know when I saw Rob in December, and it just continues to get better and better. 
 I guess my question is, as a financial guy, how much can you grow that? And would that grow in conjunction with your low carbon mission? I know you talked about that in the past. I'm just wondering how much could you push that business, given it just continues to hit the ball out of the part on that one? 
Vicki Hollub: I think we'll talk about that a little bit more as we talk about the project and the capital that we're executing to convert our diaphragm to membranes, because that's going to improve some efficiency in the areas where we're doing that conversion. So we'll actually increase -- be able to increase our capacity. And we'll outline that and detail that a little more in the next earnings call. Because right now, we're currently in the process of doing the FEED study on that. 
 For today, with respect to other opportunities, we will continue to consider incoming calls about potential partnerships, where it makes sense, to do projects with either customers or more from the perspective of supporting Low Carbon Ventures. 
 We try to be opportunistic in chemicals and not build without a -- certainly, the demand for the product. And so on the Low Carbon Ventures side, we're, as we go through this, finding opportunities where there are synergies and growing synergies between the chemicals business and the low carbon business. So it will have some growth around that. 
Neal Dingmann: No, that's great to hear. And then just the second. You talked just a minute also about the DJ. And my thought is it sounds like some of the Perm production is due to replace DJ this year. Is that going to be the case going forward? And is that because you're talking about -- I know Richard talked about permitting is all in shape. I'm just wondering, what's sort of the reason or rationale for why not just grow both of these? I mean, I'm looking at that... 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. It just -- it really just depends on the permitting process because we do have really good inventory in the DJ Basin as well. And as we go forward and we work out the process, if we get ahead on the permitting, we would consider adding a rig to the -- or a rig or 2 to the DJ as well. 
Operator: Our next question today comes from David Deckelbaum at Cowen. 
David Deckelbaum: Thanks for all the details today, Vicki and team, and congrats on the visibility to $20 billion of debt. I wanted to ask just on the sustaining capital. There were lots of in and out, particularly around the Gulf of Mexico and the EOR catch up, some normalization of Rockies DUCs. 
 I guess, when we think about that delta between the $2.8 billion or $2.9 billion that you guys had talked about last year, kind of in the $400 million increment this year, how do we think about that sustaining capital level progressing into the out years now? Does it have some upwards pressure on it because of catch ups? Or should we look at this as a catch-up year, and that should moderate, potentially decline, along with base declines moderating? 
Richard Jackson: Maybe we'll start with onshore and speak to that a little bit. I think you've got it right. I think if you look over the last couple of years and what's happened, certainly, 2020 had a significant reset for us in terms of activity levels. And so preserving cash investment at that point and really dropped activity levels almost completely. 
 And so coming on the back half and into 2021, we had things like the DUCs in the DJ that allowed us that ability to add production and maximize cash flow for 2021 with a lot less capital investment. And so what happened last year was really, as we think about the transition, it went from transitioning from DUCs as we restored activity, really to drilling and completion, which is a much more steady-state pipeline for our production delivery. 
 And so the way that played out was really, at the end of the fourth quarter, beginning of the first quarter, we were able to pick up our drilling in frac cores to sustain the production for this year, which did a couple of things. 
 One, it was good because as we head into inflationary period, we were able to gain activity and create that stability within our capital program. But what it does is it did create a bit of a lump that we have most of our wells online really starting late in the first quarter, and then you hit more steady state in the second and third quarter. And so as that projects into the end of the year and into 2023, you can tell from our first quarter guidance to total year, that we do have an increase of production. 
 But those type events as well as restoring activity, really from a cash investment perspective and EOR, adding low-decline production barrels, really gives us a much more sustainable production level across the cycle. And so I think we're restoring, as you said, a much more normal steady-state activity level and a much more robust or sustainable free cash flow capability. 
Vicki Hollub: I think, considering the rest of the portfolio, we don't see a lot of upward pressure for the $3.2 billion as a whole. 
Robert Peterson: And David, just to add to your point, I mean, on top of what Richard and Vicki just went through, I mean, from a decline standpoint, as you know, we improved the base decline from 25% 2 years ago to 22% last year. And it's the same this year, it's at 22% as well. But given the things Richard said, that gives potential to flatten that out of it in the future. 
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate all the color on that. And if I could just ask a quick follow-up. Just the -- so I'm understanding, there was $400 million, I think, that was attributed to the difference to the low end versus the high end of capital guide, which I think you talked about Low Carbon Ventures spend that would be potential in OBO. I guess for the Low Carbon Ventures spend, would that just be accelerating some projects? Or is it the contingency for things that you're considering doing but aren't sure if you want to pursue at this point? I guess how do we think about that sort of allowance that's built in to the difference in the low and the high end? 
Richard Jackson: Yes. This is Richard again. I think you've got it right from the standpoint of really the LCV capital's certainly focused meaningfully on our direct air capture plant 1. So there is a project time line associated with that, where engineering is going great. The commercial aspects of the project continue to be supportive. And so there's a little bit of uncertainty there, but that component, we'll have more visibility and be able to talk more about even with you next month. 
 In addition to that, what's happened is really beyond strong engineering progress, we continue to have good commercial support, whether that's global policy recognition for carbon capture or even direct air capture in particular, or even with strategic net-zero businesses. And so these things support commerciality. 
 And so what's happened is we do see additional opportunities for direct air capture. For example, we had an opportunity in Canada to look at, with a developer, direct air capture with air-to-fuels. And so a bit of that money is, as these projects become more opportunistic, we would allocate some feasibility capital to be able to look at these other type projects. 
 The final piece is really our CCUS. And you've probably seen some pieces around projects that we're involved with. And so those continue moving beyond into commercial development. And so we have some capital associated to continue those. But that, again, be able to share more in March around that, but look forward to these projects advancing meaningfully this year. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our final question today comes from Raphal DuBois with Societe General. 
Raphal DuBois: The first one is related to your EOR business. Could you maybe tell us a bit more how production in this division has trended since you stopped reporting it as a single entity? And also, I was wondering if the extra CapEx you will throw at this business is solely to stop decline, or whether you intend to restart growing this business as well. 
Richard Jackson: Maybe I'll start with the EOR just a little bit. As we think about the last couple of years, I'd say the opportunity in front of us really to address any decline that we've seen is really -- and this comes to our OpEx, when we talk about that, that's really restoration of maintenance and specifically downhole maintenance. And so the ability to allocate some of that cash investment to restore down production is some of the best cash investment we have. It's very high-return even at mid-cycle prices. 
 And so we expect to be able to -- and have added some well service rigs, to add up to 6,000 barrels a day by year-end. And that really restores the normal backlog and maintenance schedule that we had really going back to 2019. So that's the most meaningful change in terms of the EOR business that we're approaching this year. 
Raphal DuBois: Excellent. And my follow-up will be actually on Algeria. I see that you're going to have some activity there in 2022. I was wondering if you could tell us a bit more what you have in store for the for this part of the world, knowing that we in Europe are going to need much more gas from other suppliers. And it will be great if you had some projects, some gas projects in Algeria, for instance. 
Kenneth Dillon: It's Ken here. First of all, I'd say the operations team had a great year last year and achieved a  50,000 barrel a day milestone. On the contract side, we spent the time optimizing the future development plans that you're sort of alluding to. And we worked through the legal framework around the new hydrocarbon law, which is designed to encourage foreign investment in the country.
 This year, we'll drill 4 wells. There'll be 2 injectors, 2 producers. And we've now started negotiations with Sonatrach and we're in early stages. It's a large American company with state-of-the-art shale capabilities. We think we have a lot to offer the country going forward. And hopefully, that helps in Europe also. And we'll keep you updated on our progress at the next call. 
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you all for your questions and for joining our call today. 
Operator: Thank you, ma'am. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-05 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Occidental's Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Eileen. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. I will now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. Our strong operational and financial performance continued in the third quarter. Consistent with prior quarters this year, we generated a record level of free cash flow before working capital, which we apply towards reducing debt and strengthening our balance sheet. 
 Operationally, our business has excelled driving our robust financial performance. OxyChem had its strongest quarter in over 30 years in our Permian, Rockies, Gulf of Mexico and Oman teams, set new operational records and efficiency benchmarks. As was the case last quarter, our cost structure and capital intensity leadership served as catalysts for our strong financial results and provided a solid foundation for free cash flow generation. 
 Our Gulf of Mexico and OxyChem operations were impacted during this quarter by Hurricane Ida. Our primary focus was the safety and well-being of our employees and contractors, and we were relieved to hear that our people remained safe during the storm. We are working closely with those that were impacted, and I could not have been more pleased with how our teams overcame the challenging events triggered by the storm. 
 The Gulf of Mexico and OxyChem operations that were affected by Ida are back online with no lasting impacts. I'd also like to pass along our best wishes to our coworkers in Oman's capital of Muscat and to all the people of Oman as they recover from the devastation recently caused by Cyclone Shaheen. 
 This morning, I'll cover our third quarter operational performance and divestiture progress, Rob will cover our financial results and balance sheet improvement as well as our fourth quarter guidance. Our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year includes an increase in production and an improvement to earnings guidance for Midstream and OxyChem. 
 The commodity price environment continued to be supportive in the third quarter as our focus remained on generating free cash flow and maximizing margins. This is the third consecutive quarter that our operational success and capital intensity leadership have produced a record level of free cash flow. In fact, our third quarter free cash flow was the highest it's been since at least the turn of the century. As you know, that time frame included several periods of significantly higher oil prices. 
 Total production for the quarter reached the high end of our guidance, which is a noteworthy accomplishment considering the extended downtime in the Gulf of Mexico. Hurricane Ida's impact on third quarter production and the costs associated with safely shutting in production, evacuating and then restarting the platforms and ongoing projects resulted in higher-than-expected domestic operating costs for the quarter. Our fourth quarter domestic operating cost guidance reflects normalized conditions and is relatively in line with our previous expectations for the year. 
 On our last earnings call, we highlighted OxyChem's many strengths and consistent free cash flow generation. OxyChem's third quarter earnings were the strongest since 1990 and are a great example of what the business is capable of delivering. While Hurricane Ida disrupted third quarter operations, the impact to OxyChem's Louisiana-based facilities was temporary. The storm reduced production capacity in the period when market inventories were already fairly tight by historical standards. 
 OxyChem continued to benefit from supportive PVC and caustic pricing resulting in a stronger-than-anticipated earnings. Our Midstream and marketing business benefited from the timing of export sales during a rising crude price environment and a healthy market for the sulfur produced at Al Hosn. The marketing team was able to capitalize on natural gas price volatility during the quarter by directing gas towards transportation solutions, yielding the high spreads. In summary, our team was once again able to utilize existing contracts and their expertise to maximize margins by delivering product to the markets that needed it the most. 
 We continue to make notable progress in reducing debt and strengthening our balance sheet. We exited the third quarter with approximately $2.1 billion of unrestricted cash following the repayment of $4.3 billion of debt and the settlement of $750 million of notional interest rate swaps. We are pleased to have delivered such a sizable reduction in debt in a single quarter. In a healthy commodity price environment, we expect to continue reducing debt in future quarters as we delever and take the necessary steps to move towards returning additional capital to shareholders. 
 Our oil and gas teams continued to demonstrate a consistent drive for efficiency as we never tire of setting new operational records or generating record levels of free cash flow. I continue to be impressed by how our global teams are able to deliver outstanding results. And I want to highlight several of the examples of operational excellence in the third quarter. 
 I'll start in the Permian, where we drilled our first 15,000-foot lateral wells in the Midland Basin and did so with impressive results. One of the first wells was delivered in less than 10 days from spud to rig release. In the Delaware Basin, year-to-date, we're drilling 16% faster than we were just a year ago. The efficiency gains that our teams are recording extend well beyond the Permian. Our Rockies teams set a new Oxy daily drilling record in the DJ Basin with over 9,700 feet drilled in 24 hours. 
 In the Gulf of Mexico, we set a new cycle time drilling record, and our hosting platform achieved a size production in 10 years. In Oman, we set new multiple drilling records and completions efficiency records as our teams continued to leverage new technologies and drilling techniques to improve performance. 
 Another significant milestone reached by our international business was Dolphin, delivering its tenth Tcf of natural gas in the third quarter. The impressive efficiency gains we have highlighted on the last few earnings calls are translating into tangible financial results. Our innovative approach to drilling and completion techniques, coupled with supply chain optimization, will enable us to deliver higher production than initially planned this year. And I want to point out, we're accomplishing this all while maintaining our commitment to capital discipline. 
 We continuously seek new ways to work with our partners to lower cost in a socially and environmentally responsible way, and we're pleased to have been able to do that in the third quarter. Through our partnership with a leading midstream company, we increased by about 30% the capacity of the water recycling plant that supports our Midland Basin, South Curtis Ranch development. This expansion has enabled us to recycle and utilize higher volumes of water from the plant. In addition to lowering costs, we have not disposed of any water at the South Curtis Ranch development since August. 
 Across our U.S. onshore assets, our transition to using dual fuel frac fleets and drilling rigs has saved over 6 million gallons of diesel year-to-date, lowering cost and reducing emissions. And Colorado's new permitting process became effective at the beginning of this year, we worked closely with regulators to adapt to the new process and requirements. As members of the communities where we operate, our goal is to serve as a resource and educate stakeholders on Oxy's approach to responsible development. 
 Our inclusive approach has been helpful in securing DJ permits. In September, we were pleased to see the process move forward for Oxy with the approval of additional permits in Weld County. Our engagement with and support from communities remains strong, as does our commitment to responsible development as we work to secure additional permits. The momentum that our oil and gas business has generated throughout 2021 has helped position us for a strong start in 2022. 
 We recently completed our large-scale divestiture program with the sale of our Ghana assets for $750 million. As many of you know, we have been working closely with our partners in Ghana to complete this divestiture and  have successfully closed the transactions with both buyers. For the Ghana divestiture, we have completed our goal of divesting $2 billion to $3 billion post Colombia, marking the end of our large-scale ongoing divestiture program. We have now divested approximately $10 billion of assets since August of 2019, and including the debt that was repaid in the third quarter, we have repaid approximately $14 billion of debt. 
 As we maintain our focus on shareholder value, we'll continue to seek opportunities to optimize our portfolio. We will continue to complete acreage trades or bolt-on acquisitions if they create value for our shareholders. I'll now hand the call over to Rob, who will walk you through our financial results for the third quarter and guidance for the fourth quarter. 
Robert Peterson: Thank you, Vicki. In the third quarter, we generated a record level of free cash flow as commodity prices remained healthy and our businesses performed well. We exited the third quarter with approximately $2.1 billion of unrestricted cash on the balance sheet after repaying $4.3 billion of debt in the quarter. Through September 30, we have repaid $4.5 billion of debt and retired $750 million of notional interest rate swaps. We estimate this will reduce interest and financing costs by $170 million per year going forward. 
 Our consistently strong operational results, in combination with current commodity price environment, are driving improved profitability on top of our already robust free cash flow generation. In the third quarter, we announced an adjusted profit of $0.87 and a reported profit of $0.65 per diluted share, following on a return to profitability on an adjusted basis in the second quarter. Similar to previous quarters this year, our reported results were less than our adjusted results primarily due to the mark-to-market impact of derivatives. 
 As commodity prices improved throughout the third quarter, we made payments of $14.2 million on the remaining oil hedge position and $24.1 million under our gas hedges. We recognize that shareholders appreciate our leveraged oil prices, and the recent uplift in natural gas prices. Our current oil and gas hedges will expire by the end of this year, and we have not added any new hedges for future periods. 
 As Vicki mentioned, the sale of our Ghana asset marks the completion of our large-scale divestiture program. These assets were classified as discontinued operations around financial statements, so there will be no impact on ongoing production. We will apply the cash from this divestiture and any cash to generate from future portfolio optimization  towards our cash flow priorities, which are currently focused on reducing debt. 
 We have raised our full year production guidance to 1.155 million BOE per day for 2021, while our full year capital guidance of $2.9 billion remains unchanged. Last quarter, we raised our full year production guidance shortly before Hurricane Ida temporarily disrupted our Gulf of Mexico production. Even taking into account the impact of this sizable storm, we met the high end of our company-wide production guidance for the third quarter. 
 Our fourth quarter capital spend is expected to be higher than prior quarter this year primarily due to the timing of maintenance activities in all 3 of our business segments. In oil and gas, for example, a portion of the capital spending in the Gulf of Mexico was moved from the third to the fourth quarter due to Hurricane Ida, and we plan to accelerate the start of 2 rigs in the Permian, which I'll touch on shortly. 
 Company-wide fourth quarter production is expected to be 1.14 million BOE per day, which represents a 5,000 BOE per day increase from the guidance provided on our last call. Our fourth quarter guidance, which is slightly lower than our third quarter results, takes into account production sharing contract price sensitivities, planned maintenance and our activity schedules. We expect to exit 2021 at approximately the same average quarter production as we exit 2020 with. 
 We have updated our activity slide to include 2 additional Permian rigs that were originally scheduled to start early next year and will now begin operating in the fourth quarter in the Texas Delaware and New Mexico. Similar to the activity change we announced last quarter, this adjustment will be fully funded through cost savings and optimization of capital projects gained through efficiency improvements and will not increase our 2021 capital budget. 
 Texas Delaware and New Mexico are 2 of our highest return assets, and introducing activity in the fourth quarter will place us in a stronger position for 2022. We expect that the market dynamics, which drove Midstream and marketing performance in the third quarter, will continue in the fourth quarter. We have increased forward guidance to reflect improved differentials benefiting the gas marketing business and robust sulfur pricing at Al Hosn. 
 We have increased earnings guidance for OxyChem for the third time this year, reflecting year-to-date performance and continued strong product demand. Not only do we expect 2021 to be a record year for OxyChem, we also anticipate the fourth quarter will be even stronger than the record third quarter. 
 We believe that the market recognizes and appreciates the value being delivered to shareholders through debt reduction and balance sheet improvement. As we work to repay additional debt, we expect that shareholders will continue to benefit in several key ways. First, we expect that the additional debt reduction will translate into share price appreciation. We acknowledge that healthy commodity prices have played a role in the improvement of Oxy's enterprise value over the last 18 months. Assuming the enterprise value our company remains stable or improves, equity will become a larger portion of enterprise value over time as debt is reduced. 
 The interest and financing costs saved on a go-forward basis lowers our cash flow breakeven. We expected a lower cash flow breakeven will result in additional discretionary cash being available to allocate towards our future cash flow priorities, including returning capital to shareholders. As we stated previously, we want to ensure that returning additional capital to shareholders, including any increase in the dividend, is sustainable and ratable throughout the cycle. Reducing the amount of cash committed to interest payments today places us in a stronger position for the sustainable return of capital in the future. 
 Finally, lowering fixed costs in the form of interest or interest rate swap payments improves our flexible and optionalities at any point in the commodity cycle. Our balance sheet improvement efforts have placed us with a clear runway for the next few years, and we are taking a thoughtful approach to repaying additional debt in a manner that is opportunistic for Oxy. 
 Executing additional tenders or exercising attractive make-whole provisions are just 2 of the solutions we are considering. We may also choose to retire the remaining interest rate swaps, which have an uncollateralized value of approximately $400 million and could be another opportunity to improve cash flow by approximately $45 million per year at the current interest rate curve. As we advance our cash flow priorities, we expect Oxy's financial position to strengthen, aided by our deleveraging efforts and our strong liquidity position. 
 As we near the end of 2021, we are preparing for the year ahead with the underlying focus on safe, responsible operations and financial discipline, which we believe will create value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. We understand that there's a high level of interest in our 2022 plan, which we'll announce in our next call. But now we'd be happy to take your calls for this segment of the call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays. 
Jeanine Wai: Our first question is perhaps on the balance sheet and growth. When do you see Oxy getting to the net debt of about $25 billion for that marker? Depending on oil prices, our model suggests you can achieve that by about year-end. And if that's the case, is it just a matter of waiting for the macro to give you the all-clear sign in order to begin layering some growth capital? 
Vicki Hollub: Certainly, we are achieving a line of sight towards getting to that net debt target of $25 billion. So we're going to get there sooner than we expected. But in terms of what we would do with the cash flow after that, we'll follow our commitment to our cash flow priorities, and the next in line would be to start to increase our fixed dividend. So that would be in terms of orders of priority, our next target. We really don't feel like we need to provide growth at this time from the standpoint of where we are today with respect to our cash flow generating capability. So future growth for us really is -- would be in support of growing a dividend, not growth for growth's sake. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. And Jeanine, I'll add to Vicki's comments on that. Just as we get to that, we've discussed feathering in the dividend at $25 billion. We're not going to stop our debt reduction at that point. We're continuing to put cash flow into our debt reduction priorities beyond our other top priority of maintenance capital. 
Jeanine Wai: Okay. And then maybe we can pivot to a different kind of growth. The role of carbon capture, it's going to be absolutely tremendous in the energy transition. And Oxy clearly has core competency in this area. And Vicki, in the past, I think you've sized the potential of Oxy's carbon capture business as rivaling that maybe of your other businesses over time. So if you have any comments or update on that, that would be great. And if overall, you can just discuss your updated view on Oxy's future as a carbon management company? 
Vicki Hollub: We still believe and are moving toward becoming a carbon management company. We think that's going to be needed for the energy transition. And we're actually filling a gap with what we're doing, as you know, with respect to what others are doing. Every -- there's a lot that really needs to happen in this energy transition for us to be successful to cap global warming at 1.5 degrees. 
 So there are some companies in the oil and gas industry that are moving more towards renewables, and that's very much needed. And there's -- there are others that are working very hard to mitigate all of their emissions from current operations. We're working on both of those but not the renewables. 
 We're working on reducing our current emissions from ongoing operations but we're also, as you know, taking advantage of the core competence we have with CO2 and the handling of CO2 will enhance oil recovery. So we believe that that's a gap that nobody else is filling. 
 And the reason that gap is necessary is for several reasons. First of all, there has to be CO2 removed from the atmosphere. There's nobody in the world that disputes that. So direct air capture is going to be critical for that to happen. So with direct air capture, not only can we remove CO2 from the atmosphere, but also that helps us to develop and produce oil that's either net zero or net negative carbon. So that enables us to provide the hard to decarbonize industry, such as aviation or maritime with fuels that are net zero carbon. 
 So there are 2 reasons to build direct air capture, first of all, for the removal from the atmosphere, the provision for providing those net zero carbon fuels. And the things that makes it very versatile is you can build it anywhere. So we think that because of the magnitude of that impact around the world and the need for thousands of these to be built, it provides us the opportunity to be a big part of that and to actually be a leader in developing the technology. So we think we will transition, the transition will take some time. But over the next 10 to 15 years, I think we'll make a lot of progress towards becoming net carbon management company and a go-to company for those that need the CO2 offsets. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. 
Douglas Leggate: And welcome to the end of earnings week, Vicki, thanks for closing us out, I guess. I've got a couple of questions, specifically around the return of cash comments. And if you don't -- if you can indulge me for a minute, I'd like to kind of lay out my thinking here. Your share price is lagging pretty badly today despite extraordinary free cash flow yield in our numbers and a clear line of sight to deleveraging. So there's something the market is not acknowledging, obviously. 
 And our feedback, I guess, is that you're the only company not giving meaningful cash returns back to investors. So my question is, how do you think about the right level or the appropriate mechanism to return cash when your stock has such a high free cash flow yield. Let's assume that persists. That's my first question. 
 And my second question is Pioneer and NOG, one has practically no net debt, the other is targeting no net debt. Where do you think the right level of debt is once you surpass your $25 billion target? Where do you want it to be? So first question, the mechanism for cash returns. Second question, the long-term mid-cycle appropriate level of your balance sheet. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, as you know, to get to around $25 billion net debt was our target. And as Rob mentioned earlier, now that target is in line of sight and, again, much sooner than we expected. So once we have actually achieved that, then we'll begin to layer in some of the other things that we can do with our cash, most notably and primarily would be to grow a fixed dividend. And then beyond that, again, I don't see capital growth until we've gotten to a point where we need to make that happen. 
 I think we've talked about it over the last couple of years that we feel like it's very important to keep our breakeven around $40. So as we establish a fixed dividend and move forward, we would grow our cash flow to match the growth in the dividend rate. So that it will happen, and it will happen over time. 
 With respect to other considerations for the use of cash, it will really depend on the circumstances that we're in when we actually have reestablished or actually grown the existing fixed dividend that we have. 
Robert Peterson: Doug, I guess a piece I'd add to that is what we've done is consistent of what we've been messaging ever since we got into this deleveraging process. We indicated to market, as Vicki said, that we were going to get into that net $25 billion debt range before we considered raising -- increasing value return to shareholders. And so we do have line of sight. It's obviously here a lot closer than we anticipated it would be because of the combination of all the work we did to strip out cash, but certainly commodity prices are much stronger than we anticipated. 
 And if it continues that way, it's not that far away that we'll reach that target. But we aren't there yet, and that's the reason why we're not increasing value returned to shareholders because we're sticking to our messaging and the plan we've set out in front of our shareholders. And so for us to prematurely deviate from that plan, bringing inconsistency to that message, we certainly don't want to bring to the marketplace. 
Douglas Leggate: Okay. This is a quick follow-up, and I'll jump off. I'm looking at the Apache example. We've come out basically given a framework where they are saying essentially, like you guys, the free cash flow yield is extraordinary. And so we're going to buy back a bunch of stock. That's really what I'm driving out here. Your capacity for potential buybacks is pretty material. Can you offer any kind of thoughts as to why that might not be the case and what the limitations are around the preference shares as it relates to whether share buybacks would be practical. I'll leave it there. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say, Doug, we're not at the net debt of $25 billion yet, and we want to see what the macro conditions are and what's happening with our stock at that point. So since we're not there, it's really hard to provide any direction right now on what we would do. The one thing we can tell you is that we will follow our cash flow priorities, which is the fixed dividend first, before we would do and consider anything else. The share repurchases are a longer-term possibility for us but not the nearest term. The nearest term would be the growing the dividend. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: Vicki, the first question is just around sustaining capital, recognizing you're going to provide a little bit more clarity on '22 here in the coming months. But can you just talk about how you see that trending as we move into '22? And what are the tools that you have in place to mitigate the natural cost inflation that should arise as oil prices stay at elevated levels? 
Vicki Hollub: I'll take the second one first. Our teams have worked hard to try to establish the right kind of contracts and business situations with service providers and material providers to mitigate inflation. We don't think necessarily we would mitigate all of it. We're just not sure right now what inflation will be. But we know that our efficiencies and our established relationships and business situations will help to mitigate some of it. 
 We're hoping to continue also to further improve our efficiency so that we can mitigate more than what we would see today. But that's -- there's a lot of work going on around that and especially with respect to how we manage our supply chain and the strength of our position not only in the U.S. but around the world. So we're leveraging that as well. 
 With respect to the sustainability capital, I will say that inflation, whatever amount we can't mitigate would be certainly on top of what we have today. And the only thing that I could really point to in terms of what we've said before about this is, in 2022, we won't have as many DUCs to complete as we did in 2021. So there's a difference there. 
 We completed about 100 DUCs this year. In addition to that, we're going to have some capital investment that we'll need to make in 2 other areas, both of which we mentioned before. Al Hosn, we'll begin the expansion of that in 2022. So we'll have that cost. We'll also have some incremental cost in the Gulf of Mexico. So it will be higher than the $300 million we had this year because the Gulf is a little bit lumpy in terms of capital investments. So we'll have those things to consider when we are putting together our final plan for 2022. 
Neil Mehta: That's helpful. And just the follow-up is the composition of the portfolio. As you evaluate the different upstream buckets, the Permian, Rockies, Gulf of Mexico, Middle East, how do you see that evolving over time? Is there an area where you see is going to represent a disproportionate amount of the incremental capital beyond what you've already laid out? 
Vicki Hollub: The Permian will always see a bigger portion of the growth capital or even the maintenance capital than anywhere else. As we're starting to -- are continuing to offset declines, there may be some of our areas that do decline. That would be made up usually by the Permian Basin. But all of our areas play a role in what we're doing. In fact, the -- for example, the Middle East, that's a -- that area for us is very helpful to continue development there because the contracts provide us some protection in a down market the PSCs do. 
 So Oman is important to us from that respect. And we do have a low cost of development there, and we get our cash back fairly quickly. So that's the good part of Oman. It delivers good returns. And Al Hosn is a low decline asset for us. So it plays that role. We want to continue building on our low-decline assets, but that will be -- a lot of the growth for that will be going back to EOR at some point to start building there as we get this anthropogenic CO2. So EOR in the Permian will play a bigger role in the future. But low decline assets are important to us, but the bulk of our dollars beyond sustainability ultimately would go to the Permian. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Raphal DuBois with Societe Generale. 
Raphal DuBois: The first one is a follow-up on the shareholder return. Can you please remind us why you think it is more appropriate to start by increasing the dividend instead of starting shareholder return by a large buyback program considering you -- I think we all agree that you are somewhat undervalued? So wouldn't it make more sense to start by the last buyback program? 
Vicki Hollub: The reality is that there are multiple things that we could do with our cash. We believe that restoring the dividend as the -- and not restoring it to the prior level but continuing to increase it over time is a better and more predictable value creator for our shareholders. We have always been a dividend-paying company. It's important for us to get back to that and make it a more -- get it to a level where it's more meaningful to our shareholders, but we always want to evaluate buybacks. And so I'm not saying that we would never do it or never consider it. We're just not at the point now where we have all the data to be able to make that assessment. 
 For example, today, we're not at $25 billion net debt. Now when we get there, we will take a look at all the things that are available to us to do. But starting to grow the dividend we have today is a high priority because of the fact that we did have to reduce it significantly, we want to start restoring it. But any time we look at cash, we would have cash beyond that available. And then we would just do the value calculations to determine whether it makes sense given the other opportunities for us to buy back shares. It's always a consideration. 
Raphal DuBois: Great. One extra question on OxyChem, the results in Q3 were excellent, and your guidance in Q4 is nothing short of amazing considering there is always seasonality in this business. And usually, Q4 is not as strong as Q3. So can you maybe tell us a bit more about the market dynamics in terms of supply and demand? When do you think we should expect some sort of normalization of your chemical business? 
Robert Peterson: Yes. Sure, happy to discuss it, Raphal. So I would say what we see today in the chemical business is still very strong conditions in our vinyl business and steady improvements in the caustic business. And you're correct. Typically, we're normally entering into a seasonally slower period of time. But we're just not seeing that thus far because if you step back and look at the year, the industry, which already was pretty tight on supply to begin the year, lost almost 2 months of production because of the freeze we had in the Gulf states in February and then the impact of Ida that we had in the third quarter. So the combination of those 2 has kept coupled with the demand being as strong as of all our products has kept the supply-demand balance much tighter than anticipated or typically historically at that time of the year. 
 Those are the 2 main drivers. On Slide 31 of the deck, we included. Obviously, the main profit drivers for the business and the earnings are going to come from both the PVC business and the caustic soda business. The operating rates year-to-date are over 80% in the PVC business despite the impacts of the 2 storms and the lost months of production. And domestic demand is up over 13% versus this time year-to-date last year. And that's even when we started picking up the demand post COVID last year. 
 The other thing I would say is that the construction sector, much like it is with other building products remains very strong with inventory levels still very low. And you can tell that inventories are very tight because exports are really soft still compared to historical levels. And what you have is with exports being down over 1/3 versus prior year, even prior being a COVID year, that's because the discretionary resin is just not available. And so what you only exported PVC resin is really destined for long-term contractual sales from U.S.-based producers that have relationships overseas. And you're not seeing that spot resin flow into the market, which means people are still just trying to get enough resin for the domestic market, which is going to keep prices elevated and margins elevated through that period of time. And so that's kind of atypical for this time of the year, but we do see it continuing through the balance of the year. 
 Does it continue all into the winter? Construction necessarily has to slow during the winter, but we don't have a flavor for is how much are people going to want to restock inventories to be ready for what looks like another strong spring construction, which will return pretty early in the year next year. 
 On the chlor-alkali side, I'd say chlorine is extremely tight as producers are still trying to seek the highest value for the outlet. This is where OxyChem's vast portfolio of derivatives gives us so much strength versus many others because we're not just making PVC, we're making all 3 parts of the Vinyl's chain. We're also selling into a domestic market that gives us exposure to the polyurethane markets, the TiO2 markets, et cetera, and water -- beyond just water treatment and others that traditionally think of and our own chloromethanes business. 
 And so all those we're seeing strong demand and supply/demand balances are very tight. And we will see more than likely in the backside of another difficult operating year in the industry a continued effort to rebuild inventories, not only in supply chain, but there's also -- we're seeing a lot of pent-up demand still coming back as things somewhat return to normal on the backside of the pandemic. Particularly, caustic soda demand globally will continue to improve as manufacturing activity is restored in both South America and Asia and Europe. 
 And so what we're seeing on the caustic side is, again, steady improvements where we're not seeing record prices on caustic soda yet like we are on PVC, but some of the prices in Asia have risen to levels that haven't been seen before. And so both businesses are very strong right now. We will see a seasonal slowdown in caustic domestically because you're no longer able to transport caustic up the Mississippi River for the winter, but we don't see it really impacting the industry enough just because inventories are so tight. And so I still think January, February will continue to be slower months for the industry but it's going to be such a narrow period with the tight inventories. We'll probably hit the ground running pretty quick in this spring again. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. 
Neal Dingmann: Vicki, can you just share maybe just broadly how you're currently thinking about sort of just on the strategy growth versus capital discipline today in light of -- I know Rob's just had some minor comments on just adding some Permian rigs, but just maybe if you could share your thoughts on where you sit with that today. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I would say that, for us, growth -- production growth is not a priority for us right now. because if you look at our cash flow generating capabilities and with our strategy around that going forward, is to basically when we get to our net debt target of $25 billion, that's not where we'll end. As Rob mentioned, we want to continue working to reduce our debt beyond that. But the need to do so at a bigger level is just not there. We get to the $25 billion. We'll share more information as we get there about what our next target would be with respect to debt reduction. And then again, it's to start growing our dividend again. 
 And the only point at which we would really need to start growing our production would be down the road, where we want to continue growing the dividend. We don't need additional growth from production right now to be able to increase the dividend over the next couple of years because, again, with what we expect the macro to be and the level of increase in our dividend, we believe that we can do that without any production growth over the next at least couple of years. 
 So it would be continuing to maintain our operations, our production level. And then these occasional projects that are beyond the sustainability capital, like the GoM, Al Hosn could be those over the next couple of years. But other than that, it's then going to the dividend and further debt reduction. 
Neal Dingmann: And I assume your low decline helps with all that. 
Vicki Hollub: Pardon me? Yes. And that's why it's important to have these low decline projects that enables us to execute on this strategy. 
Neal Dingmann: Absolutely. And then one last one, if I could. You've mentioned, I think maybe even on the last call or maybe the prior in the past about maybe having hopes to get more than just a Q45 tax credit can maybe help you and others potentially expedite some of your plans in that low carbon area. I'm just wondering, is this still something you think is needed to help you and others expedite clients with low carbon and if you did end up expediting this, would that come at the expense of cash going towards the upstream business? 
Vicki Hollub: I would say that the world absolutely has to have acceleration of direct care capture, not just our DAC facilities, the carbon capture and retrofitting industry. It has to happen. So the only way that it can happen and at the pace that's needed for the world is for the U.S. to get on board with supporting it, and the U.S. has the strength and the capability to do that. And the best way to do it is through 45Q and direct pay 45Q. 
 So you're right on that, that's incredibly important to us. Otherwise, the U.S. will not achieve the targets that we've set with even the prior Paris accord, much less what's happening in Glasgow right now. So 45Q has to happen and really needs to be direct pay. Otherwise, we're going to struggle to be successful. But with respect to what we're doing, there is going to be a price for carbon because there's a lot of commitment from corporations now to get to net neutral. 
 Everybody, I think, realizes at some point that if we don't achieve our goals through the incentives like 45Q, and there's going to have to be some price mechanism on carbon to make it happen. And so what we're seeing is a lot of corporations are trying to get ahead of that. A lot of corporations are starting to fill. Just see that there's a social license to operate in that -- to have that, there has -- they have to proactively start seeking CO2 credit offsets to become net neutral. United has been one, as you know, that we've announced that wants to do that, and they're proactively committing to dollars to the building of the direct air capture plus, the purchase of the oil that would be the net zero oil. 
 Other corporations are calling us. We're getting a lot of incoming interest in the direct air capture because of that. So I do believe that there's going to be sufficient growth and commitment to make what we're doing here in the next -- in the initial phases work. But beyond that, again, what it's going to require is a much more acceleration than that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. 
Phil M. Gresh: One follow-up question just around the dividend situation. You talked about wanting to have a $40 WTI breakeven. And I just wanted to get some clarification of how you would calculate where we are today. And then it sounds like you would want to grow the dividend multiple years up to the $40 WTI breakeven as opposed to call it once. So just a clarification around that, please. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. The clarification is, right now, we're in the probably upper 30s on a breakeven, but that's not -- that's assuming that's without the preferred. So we're really close to where we want to be and where we want to stay. So as we grow -- as we restore the dividend at a moderate level, we'll do it in a way that enables us to grow it over time but probably not at the pace that we've done in the past. So it will be a moderate growth, but it will be a material dividend as we've always tried to maintain. 
Phil M. Gresh: Okay. So are you willing to go above the $40 WTI breakeven for the dividend? Or you want to keep the dividend within that, just to be clear? 
Vicki Hollub: Ultimately, we want to keep it within that. Now there's going to be some discussion and some evaluation of how do we start out that dividend growth, but we'll determine that when we get to the $25 billion net debt. We'll see, again, what will be supported by mid-cycle, what would be supported by a $40 breakeven. 
Phil M. Gresh: Got it. And then just one follow-up for Rob. Do you have a sense that you can share with us around U.S. cash taxes, what your situation is there when you become a full U.S. cash taxpayer? 
Robert Peterson: Yes. I think, Bill, from the standpoint, certainly, of this year where you don't anticipate any material cash taxes. Based on our viewpoint of 2022, we don't see that happening again also. We see ourselves, depending upon certainly the macro conditions, becoming a U.S. cash taxpayer in a meaningful way in 2023. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: Vicki, 2 questions, please. Shell had just sold their Permian asset to Conoco. Just want to see if you see that as a maybe additional opportunity for you guys to work with different partners and seeing either asset swap or other opportunity associated with that. Or do you think that this is just business as usual given that you are the operator and that doesn't really change anything. That's the first question. 
 On the second question, I think the focus has been everyone knows, nothing new about when you're going to increase your CapEx in the oil and gas sector, and you made it very clear not in any time soon. But how about in the chemical? And in the chemical, you guys have a very unique position. You are not in the typical olefin chain. And that, with the housing sector, has been very strong, and that really has been doing quite well or much better than before. 
 So do you have any intention to expand and grow that business? And that may also be good in terms of energy transition. So I want to see that what is your overview in terms of from a growth prospect standpoint for that. 
Vicki Hollub: Okay. I'll start with the Shell assets. And we're always looking for opportunities to core up while we operate. And so asset swaps have been a big part of helping us to increase our working interest in the areas that we already operate over the last few years, and that's been very successful. And we will continue to try to do that. And we'll be working with Conoco and any other partners that are in our current operations and or nearby what we have to make swaps that work because those are always better for each company. Those are win-win scenarios. So those are something that's really important for us to do. We'll continue that. The second part of the question is OxyChem... 
Paul Cheng: Actually, before that, have you already reached out or that Conoco already reached out and talked to you between you and mine on that? Or that this is something that you guys are going to do? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, we had been in conversation with Shell for a long time, and we certainly have had conversations. Our teams worked with Conoco on other things. And so we have had contact about potential swaps. We think it would be best for both of us to be open to that and pursue that. So just as we have done with Shell, we're doing the same with Conoco. 
 So with respect to the OxyChem business, Rob knows this better than I do, but OxyChem has been very opportunistic in the past to ensure that they mitigated market risk by working out with partners opportunities to build and to grow but, again, without taking market risk. You have more to add? 
Robert Peterson: Yes. I would just add to that, yes, Paul, that if you look back to the history of projects, whether it was the chlor-alkali plant adjacent to the CO2 plant, or the cracker that we built at Ingleside the venture together or any of the relationships that we have, what we've been able to do is build long-term partnerships with our downstream customers that gives us sort of a pseudo integration into markets. Otherwise, we don't want to build into like CIO2 or polyurethanes or et cetera and partner with the leaders in those industries. 
 And so we're always evaluating that. But to Vicki's point, it's going to be something we're going to structure around where we're guaranteed a return on and of the capital necessary to continue to fund the cash from that towards the rest of -- the remainder of the business as a cash flow source. And so I think we're constantly evaluating that. Like anything else, there's probably a dozen projects that end up on the drawing board to get one good one that works out. But you're right that, there's a lot of growth in the chlorovinyl sector as a building product, and the advantage the United States has versus the rest of the world, the feedstocks is pretty significant. So we'll continue to evaluate those. And if something comes together, we'll be happy to share it with the market. 
Vicki Hollub: And you're right, Paul, that it is really an important part of our transition story. OxyChem will be a key player in that, and certainly, we're open to opportunities from any of our existing partners and new partners to help with that. 
Paul Cheng: They can. And Rob do you guys foresee growth capital into the OxyChem over the next 1 or 2 years or a little bit longer term? 
Robert Peterson: Yes. It's hard to say, Paul. I mean, I think it depends on timing of investments and what the opportunities are out there. And so we're constantly evaluating that and would integrate it in our portfolio if it made sense. But I would be purely speculating to give timing on when we might make the next significant investment in OxyChem. 
Operator: Our final question today comes from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc. 
Leo Mariani: Wanted to follow up a little bit on one of the prepared comments that you guys made. I think you commented there could be some bolt-ons in the future. Just wanted to get a sense in general of what Oxy's appetite might be for doing those type of things, just given that you've had a pretty prolific asset sale program for the last couple of years. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. We would only do it if it was very strategic and something that fills the gap that we currently have. And there are situations where picking up some acreage would enable us to drill longer laterals. There are situations where we have the opportunity to increase working interest in something that we already own. And so those are situations that when they do come along, you almost need to do it. Otherwise, you may not get the chance to do it again. 
Leo Mariani: Okay. That makes sense. And I just also wanted to ask you guys, is there any update that you might have on the funding situation for your direct air capture projects? I think you guys were seeking kind of external off-balance sheet financing for that. 
Vicki Hollub: We don't have an update currently, but our plan is still to hold an LCD day, a rivet in the first quarter of next year. By then, a lot of what we're working on right now, we hope to be able to talk about publicly. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you all for your questions and for joining our call. Have a great day. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Occidental's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Chad. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Robert Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
 This afternoon, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this afternoon. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. Our strong operational performance in the second quarter continued to drive robust financial performance as we marked our second consecutive quarter of generating the highest level of free cash flow in over a decade. As was the case last quarter, our cost structure and capital intensity leadership were catalysts for our strong results and continue to provide a solid foundation for free cash flow generation in the future.
 We were especially pleased to have been in a position at the end of the second quarter to launch a tender process to retire over $3 billion of debt using excess cash generated from operations as well as proceeds from divestitures. While we made incremental progress in reducing debt throughout 2020 in the first half of 2021, the completion of this tender represents a sizable step forward in our deleveraging efforts.
 This morning, I'll cover our second quarter operational performance and divestiture progress, and Rob will cover our financial results and balance sheet improvement as well as our updated guidance, which includes an improvement to our DD&A rate, an increase in guidance for our full year production and for midstream and OxyChem's 2021 earnings.
 In the second quarter, our business -- all of our businesses outperformed. Our capital discipline and efficiency, combined with the supportive and improving commodity price environment, positions us to generate the highest level of free cash flow before and after working capital since the third quarter of 2008 when WTI hit $145 a barrel.  We are proud of our teams for this accomplishment, and we appreciate that they are continuing to improve our capital execution and operating efficiencies to further expand our margins.
 We exited the quarter with approximately $4.6 billion of unrestricted cash, which does not include cash received in July from the recently closed divestiture or the cash used for the debt tender which closed in July. Rob will touch on the under in a little more detail, but I would like to reiterate how pleased we are to be once again making notable progress in reducing debt and strengthening our balance sheet.
 Turning to our operational results. Our oil and gas business delivered second quarter production from continuing operations of over 1.2 million BOE per day, with total company-wide capital spending of almost $698 million. Our domestic oil and gas operating cost of $6 per BOE came in substantially below our full year guidance as our teams continued to demonstrate their innovative operations expertise by finding new ways to safely reduce costs in our field operations.
 In the second quarter, OxyChem continued to benefit from robust PVC demand and pricing as well as gradual strengthening in the caustic soda market. We believe the fundamentals for these markets will remain supportive through the second half of 2021, and we are confident in increasing our full year guidance to a midpoint of $1.25 billion, representing an almost 60% increase over our original guidance for the year.
 The ability of our oil and gas business to overcome challenges while increasing efficiencies has been transformational. Looking back over the first 6 months of this year, we overcame the impacts of a major weather event and divested a producing asset. We were able to make up the loss and divested production and have increased our full year production guidance for continuing operations to 1.15 million BOE per day.
 We continue to be highly encouraged by well performance across our portfolio. For example, in the Texas Delaware, we recently brought online a new Silvertip development that is producing approximately 20% more oil compared to a prior development in this area. Additionally, in an area of roughly 10 miles southeast of Silvertip, we brought online a 5-well development with average 30-day peak rates of almost 5,000 BOE per day.
 As I mentioned, operationally, our teams continue to set new efficiency records while constantly pursuing opportunities to improve. We set new quarterly records across our portfolio on feet drilled and hours pumped in a single day. In the Midland Basin, we set a new drilling record with over 9,500 feet drilled in 24 hours, contributing to a new Oxy Permian spud-to-rig-release record, drilling a 10,000-foot horizontal well in only 8 days.
 In the DJ Basin, we set a new company-wide track record of pumping over 23 hours in a single day. Utilizing Oxy Drilling Dynamics in the Gulf of Mexico, we have significantly lowered drilling cost and duration as the well drilled in 2021 have cost 15% less than the average for 2019. As I mentioned on last quarter's call, we've had excellent results leveraging remote operations. Our innovative mindset and ability to leverage technological breakthroughs have allowed us to continue pushing the performance envelope, giving me confidence that our best-in-class capital efficiency will continue.
 Our divestiture plan advanced in the second quarter with the recent closing of a noncore Permian acreage sale for approximately $510 million. Given our industry-leading inventory depth, we welcome the opportunity to monetize these assets at an attractive price as it is unlikely that we would have developed this acreage in the near future. We expect to close at least $2 billion of divestitures post Colombia. And as we've said previously, we'll always prioritize obtaining value for our shareholders over meeting a deadline.
 I want to take a few minutes to talk about our Chemical business and how we plan to leverage its leadership and expertise into our Low Carbon Ventures business. OxyChem's success is demonstrated by its financial performance and track record of consistent free cash flow generation. OxyChem has been a consistent generator of free cash flow during the past downturns. And with the macro environment improving, OxyChem is on track to deliver record earnings this year, even surpassing 2018's results. The business may also continue to strengthen in future years as caustic soda, one of the key profit drivers for the business, has experienced only a moderate price recovery to date.
 Last quarter, I spoke about how OxyChem's integration across multiple chlorine derivatives provides us with the ability to optimize our caustic soda production while opportunistically adjusting our production mix to maximize margins. There are many opportunities for us to apply the same approach to integration as we develop opportunities between OxyChem and our Low Carbon Ventures business. As a major producer of PVC and caustic potash, OxyChem has the engineering, R&D and process technology expertise as well as the production capability necessary to build our Low Carbon business.
 OxyChem is a world leader in the customization, handling and usage of PVC, which will be a major component in the construction and ongoing operation of the direct air capture facility. We're also one of the world's largest leading producers of caustic potash, the key chemical utilized in the direct air capture process to separate carbon dioxide for sequestration of carbon-neutral enhanced oil recovery. Our vast knowledge of equipment design and our experience with operating and handling the caustic potash will be key to helping us quickly optimize our direct air capture facility.
 In addition to being a market leader and consistent free cash flow generator, OxyChem is integral to our business of today and of tomorrow. It's also worth noting that OxyChem is a market leader in health, safety and environmental performance. OxyChem recently earned a remarkable 31 Responsible Care awards. These are from the American Chemistry Council and are the U.S. chemical manufacturing industry's leading performance awards. The awards recognize OxyChem's achievements in safety, waste reduction and improving energy efficiency. Several of the award-winning initiatives focused on waste minimization, reuse, recycling and energy efficiency, which will all contribute to our 2025 sustainability goals.
 I will now hand the call over to Rob, who will walk you through our financial results for the second quarter and guidance for the remainder of the year. 
Robert Peterson: Thank you, Vicki. Our businesses continued to perform well in the second quarter as our free cash flow generation affirmed our confidence in Oxy's ability to generate cash in a healthy price environment. The strong performance contributed to a quarter end unrestricted cash balance of $4.6 billion.
 On our last call, I mentioned the potential for a partial reversal of the working capital change incurred in the first quarter. As expected, we benefited from a positive working capital change this quarter of approximately $600 million, further contributing to our cash build during the quarter. As Vicki mentioned, we launched a tender late in the quarter and enabled us to repay over $3 billion of debt in July. Subsequent to successful execution of a debt tender in July, we received proceeds from the nonstrategic Permian acreage, partially refreshing our post-tender cash position early in the quarter.
 In the second quarter, we announced an adjusted profit of $0.32 and a reported loss of $0.10 per diluted share. While we placed a greater importance on cash flow generation, especially as we are focused on deleveraging, we are pleased to be generating income on an adjusted basis. Indeed, this is a positive indication that our financial position continues to improve. Our reported results were less than our adjusted results primarily due to the mark-to-market impact of derivatives.
 We delivered outstanding production results year-to-date while having deployed less than half of our full year capital budget of $2.9 billion. We expect capital expenditure to remain within budget, demonstrating our commitment to capital discipline and our capital intensity leadership, even as capital spending has been higher in the second half than the first half of the year.
 The positive working capital change realized in the quarter was driven by lower cash payments for items that are accrued throughout the year and lower crude inventory from fewer barrels in the water, partially offset by higher accounts receivable balance due to the increase in commodity prices. As the interest payments on our bonds are made semiannually, our cash interest payments are going to be lower in the second and fourth quarters than they are in the first and third quarters.
 During the downturn last year, we received approximately $1 billion of additional cash flow from our oil hedges. To obtain a costless structure, we sold a 2021 call position of 350,000 barrels a day with an average strike price of $74.16 Brent. As the commodity prices rose at the end of the second quarter, we made payments of $5.7 million under the sold call position and $1 million under our gas hedges in July. Cash settlements paid to date on the hedges have been minimal and are certainly worth the benefit we received last year.
 We continue to maintain an opportunistic approach towards hedging, and the forward curve is supportive but have not added any hedges past the end of this year. We believe creating a manageable debt maturity profile and reducing debt is a more effective long-term solution to derisking the balance sheet while providing shareholders with exposure to commodity price gains.
 We raised our full year production guidance following our strong second quarter results and have increased our earnings guidance for OxyChem and midstream for the second time this year, reflecting strong first half performance and improved market conditions.
 We expect that 2021 will be a record year for OxyChem, even surpassing our earnings in 2018. We benefit from exceptionally strong caustic soda prices in the middle part of that year. Midstream is expected to benefit in the second half of the year from continued higher sulfur prices at Al Hosn as well as an uplift in the third quarter related to the timing of export sales.
 We also lowered our DD&A guidance for 2021, reflecting the midyear reserves update. This update takes into account more supportive trailing 12-month commodity prices at midyear compared to year-end 2020 as well as our activity plans and recent success in lowering operating costs. The combination of these factors have increased our proved reserves, which we expect to result in a lower DD&A rate going forward.
 Our production in the second half of 2021 is expected to average 1.14 million BOE per day. Production in the second quarter benefited from time-to-market acceleration in the Rockies and Permian. Favorable weather conditions and optimization of planned maintenance schedules to better sequence shutdown activities resulted in lower-than-expected downtime in the Gulf of Mexico, contributing to higher-than-expected production.
 Our expected third quarter production of 1.145 million BOE per day includes an allowance for seasonal weather and maintenance in the Gulf of Mexico, the divestiture of approximately 10,000 BOE per day in the Permian, the timing impact of our Rockies capital program, which was front-loaded in 2021 as well as PSC impact due to price. Even as production in the second half of the year is pretty lower than the impressive second quarter production results, we remain confident in our production trajectory leveling out as we enter 2022, where we anticipate a production pattern similar to 2021.
 We have updated our activity slide to include 2 additional New Mexico rigs. The New Mexico activity change will be fully funded through the cost savings and optimization of our capital projects' gain through efficiency improvements and will not increase our capital budget.  Adding activity in one of our highest return to assets will place us in a strong position as we transition into 2022.
 With the successful completion of our debt tender, we paid over $3 billion of 2022 through 2026 maturities and have a clear runway over the next few years. As we generate cash from organic free cash flow, we continue to value the options available for additional debt reduction, and we'll seek to further our debt maturity profile so that we're not exposed to any significant amount of maturities in any single year. The options available to us for debt reduction include potentially calling the 2022 floating rate notes prior to maturity, executing additional tenders, exercising attractive make-whole provisions, pursuing all the market debt repurchases, or we may choose, in some cases, to build a cash position which may be applied towards retiring maturities as they come due.
 We also plan to retire $750 million of notional interest rate swaps in the third quarter for the fair value amount, which will improve cash flow by almost $50 million per annum at the current curve. We entered the second half of 2021 in a strong position at the beginning of the year, and as we look forward, we remain focused on maintaining a strong liquidity position, deleveraging to regain investment-grade metrics and preserving financial policies and cash flow priorities and embed capital discipline.
 I will now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. We are proud of the substantial progress in delivering our near-term cash flow priorities. We have significantly derisked our balance sheet with the successful completion of our recent debt tender. And this marks the next stage of our deleveraging effort as we work to further reduce debt and to lower our breakeven. While we still have work to do before transitioning to the next stage of our cash flow priorities, including returning additional capital to shareholders, we're confident that the steps we have completed to date and the strong operational performance that we continue to deliver will accelerate our progress.
 We'll now open the call to your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will be from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: And really strong results here on Chemicals, and that's where I want to start. Can you talk to your views on caustic soda and PVC pricing for the remainder of the year and next year and the sustainability of the margins that we see out there? 
Robert Peterson: Yes, Neil. We continue to see very strong conditions in both our vinyl business and steady improvements in the caustic soda business, as Vicki indicated. As you can see on Slide 7 of the deck, these 2 businesses are the major profit drivers for our Chemical business. And it's unusual, but we do have conditions when both businesses are seeing favorable market conditions, the earnings impact that you're seeing is significant. So on the PVC business, the business remains extremely strong due to a tight supply/demand balance.
 On a year-to-date basis, we're seeing domestic demand as an industry about 16% higher compared to the same period in 2020. But more importantly, it's up 13% from where it was in 2019 in a non-COVID period. And so strong demand is also attributed to really low levels of inventory and supply chain, combined with the construction sector, which we're seeing in, obviously, in a lot of their construction materials.
 And we expect demand to remain strong with a very favorable housing start outlook, mortgage rates remaining low, which tends to also drive historically the business and a lot of investment remodeling. And so we're -- those kind of factors are all pointing towards sustained improvement in the PVC business.
 The other thing I would say is that when the export business is soft like it is now, where we're seeing year-to-date exports are down 33%, which tends to be the last location of PVC production, that's indicative of a strong market. And so when there's not enough product to go around, we shouldn't see margins remain favorable for us.
 On the chlor-alkali side, the chlorine molecule itself is very tight, and so producers are seeking the highest-value outlets for chlorine molecules. And as Vicki mentioned, our very diverse portfolio of chlorine derivatives allows us to really maximize the bag of these chlorine molecules through our chain of opportunities. And so chlor-alkali production itself has been under pressure for the year simply because of a lot of both unplanned and planned outages. And if you look at chlor-alkali rates, they're actually lower in '21 than they were in '20 year-to-date, running about 75% year-to-date versus 80% over the same period last year, resulting in about 6% less caustic production available this year versus last year.
 So caustic is quite tight, which is helping to improve prices. And with it playing out into the schedule in the third quarter, we would anticipate that -- further support for additional price increases in the caustic soda business. And then as you see, caustic for us tends to be something that moves with the global economy. And well, certainly, as economies open up and eventually travel restrictions close -- ease globally, we should see additional demand in underlying sectors. And so as far as the key demand sectors in the second half, we see better demand in the alumina sector, the pulp/paper sector, water treatment and certainly the leasing sectors all improving in the third quarter.
 So both sides of the ECU are looking strong headed into the second half of the year. And the underlying factors certainly are bullish for both of them as we move into 2022 and beyond. 
Neil Mehta: And the follow-up is one of the key takeaways from earnings season is the emphasis investors continue to place on cash returns. And at this point, Occidental is more focused on deleveraging the business, which makes a lot of sense. Can you just remind us what your absolute debt target is? And then at what point or what milestones should we be thinking about the company shifting from a deleveraging approach, to one of where you can reintroduce something like a dividend? 
Robert Peterson: Yes. So certainly a topic du jour. So we depicted on the 13th slide of the deck, which was newly included, that we're essentially on a journey when it comes to cash flow priorities. And after a lot of risk in 2020, to derisk the company in what I call a post-COVID world, between the stabilization of production, the slashing of our costs and refinance near-term maturities, now we're making headway, as Vicki detailed, on our deleveraging process. And we took a significant step forward with the upside tender in July, through both a combination of cash available, from strong production performance, the continued capital execution and diligent cost management and really the remarkable turnaround in Chemicals, all contributed to the success of that.
 And so now we've retired about $12.7 billion of principal since the middle of '19 through that combination of our great cash generation and investor program. And I think we'll continue to work towards the $2 billion to $3 billion post-Colombia divesture target that we've established. But as we look forward, it's anticipated that the majority of free cash flow from the business will be the source of future cash for debt retirement. And it's critical that as we take advantage of the elevated prices, to deleverage the balance sheet because we know any time there are going to be changes in the macro environment that could affect or alter commodity prices, that it would inhibit our ability to do that.
 So when I look at the time it takes, our path does remain focused right now on the 2 top priorities being that we're focused on in our list. And how long we're on that path is certainly dependent upon future commodity prices because that certainly impacts the rate at which we're able to move down the path. But I do think that the steps we've taken since March of '20 are all part of a long-term strategy around increasing value to our shareholders. For example, if you look at last year, in the derisking side, we could have saved a little interest in our refinance process by using more owners and ventures.
 But we sit here today with a much less risky maturity profile and much in the same simple capital structure we started with. And we do believe ultimately deleveraging the company is going to be the benefit of equity holders in the form of equity appreciation. And we also understand that, that leverage to oil price remains attractive and is determined at the pace of that process.
 And our EBITDA does fluctuate obviously a lot with commodity prices. And while some agencies have modestly increased their models, their prices are still well below the current strip. So that's why we keep saying that to get to a more sustainable debt level in the mid-20 range is likely necessary to achieve those ivy-like financial metrics.
 In addition to debt ratio, we understand obviously financial policies matter and thus great decisions. So use of cash or dividends, growth, et cetera, will also be viewed in the near-term unfavorably, so that's why we remain focused on the deleveraging process. And once we reach that more sustainable debt level, we will start resuming a greater amount of cash to shareholders. 
Operator: And the next question will come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. 
Douglas Leggate: It's amazing to me how folks continue to look for cash returns, Vicki, when you've got the potential of moving 40% of your market cap between debt and equity over the next year. And I guess it's -- that's really the rub of my question, these disposals and how you can accelerate that. But I would like to frame it like this. When you announced the $2 billion to $3 billion target post-Colombia, Brent was $42 for the $2 billion to $3 billion target. Obviously, it's not there today.
 So can you just give us an update as to do you expect to do more than the [ 2.3 ] on a pari passu basis for the oil price? Or are you moving and are you targeting $2 billion to $3 billion albeit, I'm guessing, you can do that with fewer assets given where the oil price is? So I just wanted you to help me risk the $2 billion to $3 billion. It seems to me you can probably do a lot more in absolute terms given the oil prices [ are still volatile ]. 
Vicki Hollub: So at this point, we're not really prepared to change the goals that we've set out, although we feel very comfortable we will achieve the lower end of that goal. But Doug, you're exactly right. Given our portfolio, there could be other opportunities available to us to continue to optimize what we have today. And optimization to us is not just ensuring that you have the best quality assets in your portfolio, that you're putting the -- your dollars where they generate the most value. It's also looking at the opportunities to do as we just did, and that is to monetize where you see that the monetization of that is going to be so far out into the future. It's not meaningful value for our shareholders today.
 So we're constantly looking at and updating, optimizing our plans and looking at those opportunities, where could there be additional situations where we have the same thing that we just did with this Permian acreage, monetize it today and have the opportunity to create better value today than to keep it in the portfolio when we know we can't get to it.
 So we're still looking at all those things, not prepared yet to change our guidance, but I can say that, opportunistically, we do want to create value sooner rather than later. So we'll continue to keep that in mind as we review the portfolio and optimize as we go along. 
Douglas Leggate: Vicki, I apologize for asking for clarification on this, but if you have the same number of assets, are you ahead of schedule then in terms of the absolute proceeds, again reflecting the fact that the oil price is higher? 
Vicki Hollub: We are on schedule with what we need to do. But with that said, given where oil prices are today, we're quite comfortable looking at opportunities as they come in. And by that, I mean, we're still getting opportunities coming in the door for various parts of our portfolio. And we look at all of those very critically. And I think that there's going to be situations that come up over the next 12 to 18 months that would provide us more opportunity to raise additional funds. But I don't want to commit to that because where we are now, and with respect to our cash flow generation and our deleveraging progress, we're in a position to be, I would say, much more careful, not -- and careful is not the right word, but much more, I guess, opportunistic, is the only word I can think of, to ensure that we get maximum prices for what we would sell.
 Because we started out the divestiture program by cutting off the very tail end of what we felt like fit within our portfolio, that could fit with another portfolio in a higher level. But for us, the things we've sold just could not compete and could not add the value that other things in our portfolio could. So now as we have divested of those assets, we're now getting to the assets where we expect to get more value from a divestiture than those that were at the lower end, I guess, is the best way to say it. So -- but we're open to looking at opportunities as we see them. 
Operator: And the next question will come from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. 
Roger Read: And congratulations on the quarter. It's nice to see everything clicking for the first time in a while. I guess what I would like to maybe address, some of the metrics you're using that underpin the decision to move away from any sort of a hedging strategy and maybe getting back to thinking about from a debt-to-EBITDA, debt-to-cap, maybe a long-term debt number you're more comfortable with, just maybe all the pieces that have gone into it that kind of speaks to where you are now versus where everything was 12 and 24 months ago. 
Robert Peterson: Yes, fair question, Roger. So certainly, historically, the company has not been one with a hedging philosophy and felt like the combination of our exposure to commodities and exposure to the price of a long-haul would ultimately deliver the most value to our shareholders versus attempting to use hedges to try and create value. And that certainly changed in 2020 because we were in a position where our leverage was such that it was necessary for us to create some protection in the event we were in a negative price environment, like -- but it ultimately worked out that way.
 And certainly, the $1 billion that we were able to create in value last year from the hedge was something that was critical to our success last year. And we'll continue to maintain the opportunistic approach. But as we evaluate hedges, we're considering a lot of factors. Number one is the cost to execute the hedge. Certainly, as a -- the cost of hedges that we did last year came with a call provision this year, which hasn't been very expensive, but they can be, and the implications that the hedge is going to have on the upside to leverage our oil price, such as a collar. And so a pure put hedge is pretty expensive. I think collars introduce an upside to that limitation that we would like to put on our shareholders.
 And so if you look at the -- we think that creating that manageable debt profile, as I discussed in the comments, particularly knocking down the taller towers beyond just the near-term stuff that we focused on, if you look at the recent tender, 80% of the bonds that we addressed were in that 2022 to 2024 time frame.  And it's a more effective long-term solution by [ certainly providing ] that.
 And so I do think that you can use a trailing -- if prices were to continue with the current strip values and use a trailing EBITDA by the end of the year, you could -- and we were able to continue on as we've been doing with debt retirement, would be easily be below a 3x multiple. But certainly, as I discussed, that's [ nothing necessarily that slipped in ] with a strip value that's much higher than the -- what's being used by the rating agencies.
 And so I do think it's important to us to maintain those ratios, but it's also why I mentioned in my comments it's important for us to really go after the maturities while we have the wind at our back in terms of commodity prices, which is exactly what we're doing and so taking that out and continuing to move forward. And then you can look at the way that we structured the tender and strategy approach on that, we left aside a significant amount of debt that's easily available to us, $2 billion worth, it's either going to be maturable at the end of the year, is callable for the new year, or we have attractive make-whole payments in addition to the floating interest rate notes.
 And so that gives us access to very cheaply continue to retire debt moving forward over the balance of the year, which will go further and further towards that. And so we've just got work to do. We made a giant step forward with the debt tender in the last quarter. But we see still have a little more work to do. But I do feel like that the work we've done, particularly between the deleveraging and the [ cleaned out ] runway has made us -- [ give us that ] -- a lot more selectivity around hedging strategies moving forward, not to say that we would never do them again, but it certainly [ is going to ] -- certainly, our preference is to create the value for shareholders and give [ them the exposure ] to oil price, which is something that Oxy has to offer right now that many others don't. 
Roger Read: I appreciate that. That's a good answer and it just sort of gets to the reduced risk profile overall. I appreciate that. Maybe just changing directions with my other question a little bit here. The comment about being able to add the 2 rigs in New Mexico, no impact on CapEx. I was just curious, so does -- is that a function or a reflection of improved efficiency and productivity, some of the other things mentioned like the uptime on the pumping jobs. Maybe, Vicki, just a question overall as you're seeing the evolution and continued productivity and efficiency gains out on the field. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes, it was a combination of the efficiencies of the current drilling program and also the utilization of existing facilities to ensure that we could shift our capital to 2 additional rigs without needing any incremental infrastructure expenditures. So this has created a really good opportunity, the fact that our teams are continuing to improve what they're doing. 
Jeff Alvarez: And Roger, on top of what Vicki just said, I think it's important to note, I mean, if you look at our activity profile, I mean, we were ramping down through the year. So it's not that we necessarily are ramping up activity. It's not the case. We're just not ramping down. We still went from 12 rigs down to 10. Today, we're at 11. So we're just kind of flattening out that activity profile while still keeping the capital budget exactly the same. So we're not adding to that, as you pointed out.
 And the impact is really more about next year. If you look at that activity set, those -- one rig started up, another will start up soon, that -- it will add approximately 20,000 barrels a day to second quarter next year. So that will help our capital profile going into next year. 
Operator: And the next question will be from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. 
Phil M. Gresh: Yes, Jeff, just to follow up on what you were talking about with the activity levels, as you look at the second half spending, you annualize that second half spending is around $3.2 billion or so. Any initial thoughts around the 2022 CapEx levels? Would you just be looking to kind of keep it where it is? 
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. It's a good question. And as you know, Phil, it's a little early for us to forecast what 2022 looks like. We usually do that on our fourth quarter call. But to your point about cadence because I think that's relevant and you can kind of read some things into that, when you look at our capital profile, and that's $2.9 billion for the year, as you mentioned, we spent $1.3 billion in the first half. And there's a couple of things that drive that, and you can see it. Like for example, our Chems business, we forecasted about $300 million. They've spent a little over $100 million. So a lot of those activities are back-end-weighted.
 On our Permian activity slide, you can see, of our $1.2 billion, we've only spent $500 million of that. And the reason for that is a lot of our Midland Basin wells were front-end-loaded, so much lower working interest with the carry. Now we're getting to some of our higher-working interest wells that go with that. So it's really more about where we're spending capital and how it is more than a cadence of an activity set drastically changing. So I wouldn't read into like a 800 quarter-type number being what we need for next year.
 So as you look to 2022, I mean, obviously, we would give a lot more color on this going forward, but I think the same narrative we've talked about in previous calls, we continue to see great improvement from an operational standpoint. I think when you look at what our teams have done this year, it's exceeded all of our expectations from an efficiency standpoint. I mean we -- every time we look to put the slides together and we ask for new records that have been set, we're blown away by the new things that come up again and again and again that our teams are doing.
 And so I don't think that's going to stop. I mean we -- even after we put the slides together for this, we got notice last night, where our Rockies team set a record for the month of July for pumping efficiency of like 630 hours pumped. So you start doing the math on that, and that's 10% better than our previous record and the best Western Hemisphere record for the service provider that did that in Halliburton.
 So I think we're going to continue to see those improvements that are going to help with capital efficiency going forward. And we do know there's takes against that, that we'll need to build in, that we've talked about. GoM was especially low this year, and we know that probably takes a little more capital to run the type of business we want to run there. We've got other projects going on that could push that up, but those will be offset by some improvement.
 So more to come on that in the future. But I do think, as we kind of roll that out, we will talk about some of the benefits and then some of the things that may cause us to spend a little more capital in the short term. But we definitely don't want to underestimate all the great things the teams are doing to get more efficient and get better results from the money that they spend. And I think that's what you saw in the first half of this year, is that rolling through and hence, why we could add activity compared to what we thought without increasing the capital budget. 
Phil M. Gresh: That makes sense. My next question, I guess, would be for Vicki. As you think about the EOR business moving forward, where would you say you are in terms of the opportunity to process anthropogenic CO2? And how should we think about the timing of potential updates from the company as we look ahead, say, the next 6 to 12 months around CCUS? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. As you may remember, we have 2 billion barrels of resources yet to be developed in the Enhanced Oil Recovery business in the Permian and the conventional reservoirs. And so we're really excited about the fact that the Low Carbon business will provide us either a very low cost or net 0 cost CO2, so for those projects.
 But we see that the incremental for Enhanced Oil Recovery will probably come closer to the time of the -- getting the first direct air capture facility online. We still have access to organic CO2, and we'll have minor increases as we continue to expand phases within the Permian EOR business. But significant improvement in escalation will come as a part of our low carbon strategy, and that will help to provide the low-decline assets and production that we've been used to having in the past, which will help to offset some of the resources' decline.
 So it's a key part of our low carbon strategy, and it's -- will be a key contributor and growth engine for us as we go forward beyond the implementation of the first few DACs. 
Operator: And the next question will come from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: 2 questions, please. First, Vicki, just curious, you guys are definitely one of the very efficient operators in Permian and you have done a good job. And in the past, that you have formed some joint ventures, you essentially are sort of like trying to prove the value forward and by having someone to fund you. But going forward, with your balance sheet starting getting in shape and cash flow getting better, if you look at opportunities that if you talk to some of your peers, like Shell, that to maybe pool the Permian asset together into a giant joint venture and you guys would [ respond by ] not going to extract cash upfront, but just drive really great efficiency gain going forward that leverages your technical expertise here. 
Vicki Hollub: I think that's -- what you said is a great idea. We always look at opportunities to do that. For us, it's not a matter of how you do it. We just look for ways to create value. And any way that we can create value for our shareholders, we're open to doing it. And so we have -- the JV with EcoPetrol in the Midland Basin has been very successful for us. We actually may look at additional JVs in the Delaware Basin to continue to accelerate what we're doing there. And partnering with others where we can join forces and find ways to obtain synergies and to utilize our team to -- for the execution part of it and the evaluation part, I think is a really good idea because I'm so proud of our teams.
 As Jeff said, I can't reiterate enough how they've blown us away with the work that they've done that is not just at steady-state today, it's continuing to improve. As Jeff mentioned, the subsurface work goes beyond what I ever expected to see in the shale play. And they're now really pushing the technology envelope on how to model, how to first evaluate, do the data analytics and then model the surface production in the shale reservoirs and to know exactly where to land and how to frac and how to complete. You combine that with the fact that our drilling and completion guys are continuing to set records.
 And I tell you, 3 years ago, we would not have predicted where we are today. And even last year, we wouldn't have predicted some of the things that are happening this year. That's why when we talk about capital in the future, it's really hard to say what our sustaining capital would be because we didn't expect it to be $2.9 billion this year back when we looked at it 18 months ago. So the progress made in pushing the envelope, being innovative and really developing the leading-edge part of the industry, with respect to this kind of technology, has been amazing. I'm so proud of the team. So I'll say again, I don't know of any other group that I've ever seen, that could do this kind of work and continue to progress it. 
Paul Cheng: I'm just curious, Vicki, have you talked to any of your peers, the other CEOs? I mean because everyone seems to have a big ego and think their team is the best. But I mean, is that something that the industry is ready to do something like that. Because it could be great for you and great for everyone, actually for the whole industry if someone was willing to say, put aside the ego and do something like that. I just don't know whether that is... 
Vicki Hollub: I think there has been some discussion -- yes, I don't want to mention names, but there has been some discussion around that. And I think that, that is something that the industry is opening up to because we as an industry, we want to create value, we want to do business differently than we've done in the past. We have to do that as an industry to attract investors back to the oil and gas industry. It's going to be important that we change our paradigm about how business should be done.
 And I have had some conversations with other CEOs about exactly what you've said. And -- And there are some open to it, some are not, but there are some open to that. And I think this sort of thing needs to happen and has to happen for us to maximize the value of the assets that we and others have today. 
Jeff Alvarez: Hey, Paul, and if I can add, I think a lot of people forget, I mean, our Permian position was built on one of those JVs. Basically, we bought the joint venture between what was Amoco, Shell and then BP, and  ARCO, which was exactly that. So a lot of the people in the company are very well-versed and the benefits that come from that and continually look for those opportunities. But that is the heart of our Permian operation. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist. 
Neal Dingmann: Vicki, one, just sort of following on what you said earlier, I want to make sure I'm clear on this. You mentioned, I think, the [ preferred one ] you said there could be some coordination, you said, between OxyChem and your decarbonization business. I'm just wondering what -- how you're thinking about that or how quickly you could -- something like this could occur. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, OxyChem is already involved in the design of the direct air capture facility. So they will be a key part of the front engine -- front-end engineering and design that's happening today. We're doing the FEED study. So OxyChem participants are a part of that. They're helping to drive that. And we really want to leverage their expertise around the use of caustic potash, and the -- we need to use PVC products in the direct air capture facility that's going to be a key part of some of the components going into it.
 So they will, not only in this, but in potential other kinds of processes in the future, with respect to how to use the product. So it's not just in the first direct air capture facility, we believe also they have an R&D mindset, and they have a group that's been very innovative in the past around developing new ways to do things. And Rob could speak more to that history if we had time. Maybe in the future, we will have them do that. But right now, they are a key part of the low carbon strategy and give us a strength that others don't have in this regard. 
Neal Dingmann: Got it. Got it. And then just my follow-up is just more on upstream activity. It appears, despite your kind of indication for stable U.S. activity going forward, it looks like you've slowed in the DJ from first to second half. I'm just wondering is this more of a function of slower permitting or shift of interest. I'm just wondering then as you see '22, would '22 be more like first half with more than 50 [ kils ] or more like second half this year with less than 25 [ kils ]. 
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. I think what you're seeing there, when you look at wells online, that's heavily influenced by the amount of ducts we brought on early in the year. So if you look at the activity set relatively flat, we're basically running 2 rigs up there, one in the Powder, one in the DJ and a frac core. That activity set is pretty consistent. But you're right, Neal, in that you point out, we think we brought on 70% of the wells, but that was heavily influenced. We brought on about 100 ducts late last year into the early part of this year. So that's what's heavily influencing the wells online number. But the activity set is pretty constant, and the teams are continuing to build inventory so we can keep that activity set ongoing. 
Operator: And the next question is from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc. 
Leo Mariani: I wanted to just jump in a little bit more on the kind of direct air capture side of things here. So correct me if I'm wrong, but it's my understanding you have like a pilot project coming on in the Permian sometime early next year. I was just hoping to get a little more information about that in terms of like what type of capacity, in terms of tons of CO2 or whatever it might be able to kind of pull out of the air and maybe just a little bit more about what you're kind of hoping to achieve with that pilot. 
Vicki Hollub: We're using the technology that was developed by carbon engineering of which we're an equity owner. And carbon engineering has a pilot [ to fill the ] already in operation in Canada. So the pilot is already working. And so we'll be designing the facility that we build on the basis of that pilot. And that's where OxyChem also comes into play because OxyChem has done this in the past. They've done pilots and then scaled up those pilots and they've done that very successfully. So they have experience doing this.
 So the one that we're going to build will be the largest direct share capture facility in the world. Currently, there are a couple of other different technologies that can capture CO2 from the air. Those other technologies, the largest one that's built today, captures about 4,000 tons per year. The facility that we intend to build in the Permian will capture 1 million tons per year. So it's on the basis of taking that pilot, upscaling it. And in the process, what we're also doing is we're working on the FEED study, is there's a separate group kind of working together to optimize the facility. So we're not wasting time to get it in operation and then see how it works. We're actually innovating as we build and as we look at the study for the engineering. As we're doing that, we're innovating, too. So we expect that when we get into operation, it's going to be, we think, certainly a better product than it would have been had we not involved both OxyChem in the innovation process simultaneous to the FEED study. 
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's definitely helpful. And I guess, just can you remind us a little bit on the kind of rough time line to get that first project in place? And then additionally, is there -- I think there was a plan to maybe fund that sort of off-balance sheet or maybe looking in kind of more creative financing. Can you maybe update us on where you are there? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, the FEED study should be done, and we should have final investment decisions in the early part of next year, and we hope to begin construction by the end of 2022 or beginning of 2023. So -- and it should be then online toward the end of 2023 or into 2024. So it will be up and running certainly by 2024. The process around what we're doing to ensure that we get the right funding for it is we have been talking with partners. And so we have multiple opportunities to bring in others who want to be a part of this.
 United Airlines has announced that they will be a part of our direct air capture facility. So they will be not only contributing to the capital needed to build it, but they will be taking the fuel from the facility. So they are committing to an offtake of the low carbon fuel that will be provided by the CO2 that's captured from the air.
 So there are multiple ways to fund it. So one is to making investment in the facility itself. Second is to commit to taking the CO2 credits. Third is to commit to purchasing the oil that's generated from the CO2 that goes into Enhanced Oil Recovery. So we have several ways of financing the facility. And so it's -- we haven't finalized how we'll do that. We're working through that now and talking to a lot of interested parties. We should have more information on how we're going to do that by early next year.
 But it's -- there's definitely a lot of interest in making this happen. It's for the U.S. and for the world. Direct air capture needs to happen successfully and happen in a big way. And so that's generating the interest in the parties that want to be contributing to it and then get to participate in the results of it. 
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. 
Vicki Hollub: I just want to thank you all for your questions and for joining our call today. 
Operator: And thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-11 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Occidental's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Chuck. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental's First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  
 This morning, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this morning.  
 I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to start this morning by saying how pleased we are with our first quarter operational and financial performance. The momentum generated by our improved cost structure and capital intensity leadership was a catalyst for our strong results this quarter and is expected to continue to provide a solid foundation for free cash flow generation. 
 This morning, I will cover our first quarter operational performance and divestiture progress. Rob will cover our financial results and balance sheet improvement as well as our updated guidance, which includes an increase in guidance for midstream and OxyChem's 2021 earnings.  
 Our first quarter results are a perfect example of how our ability to consistently deliver strong operational performance has strengthened our financial position. In the first quarter, we generated $1.6 billion of free cash flow, which is our highest level of quarterly free cash flow in a decade. We also closed almost $500 million of divestitures, repaid $174 million of debt and exited the quarter with approximately $2.3 billion of unrestricted cash.  
 Our plan to stabilize 2021 production at our fourth quarter 2020 exit rate is on track. We delivered first quarter production from continuing operations of over 1.1 million BOE per day, with total company-wide capital spending of only $579 million. We're particularly proud of this achievement, given the operational challenge posed by winter storm Uri.  
 Our domestic oil and gas operating cost of $7.20 per BOE continued to demonstrate the lasting impact of our cost-reduction measures and includes about $83 million of atypical costs related to the winter storm. I want to note that we have fully recovered from the storm with no lasting impact. Even with incurring storm-related costs in the first quarter, our full year domestic operating guidance has only increased by $0.10 per BOE, which represents a significantly smaller increase than the approximate $0.25 per BOE that the $83 million in total OpEx would have otherwise added. This is a significant achievement made possible by our teams continuously seeking efficiencies and finding innovative ways to safely and effectively lower costs.  
 In the first quarter, OxyChem benefited from robust PVC pricing and gradual strengthening in the caustic soda market. OxyChem's integration across multiple chlorine derivatives provides us with the ability to optimize our caustic soda production while opportunistically adjusting our production mix to maximize margins. OxyChem's ability to adjust to rapidly changing market dynamics was invaluable during the downturn last year, and we were able to provide critical products to the medical, pharmaceutical and disinfection markets to respond to COVID. Given the recent improvements in the chlorovinyl and caustic soda markets, we expect OxyChem to extend its track record as a market leader and consistent generator of free cash flow. 
 Additionally, during winter storm Uri, our team was able to safely protect our assets as well as provide essential products to our customers. Our team's effective response limited the storm's impact on facility maintenance cost to an immaterial amount. 
 Midstream and marketing's outperformance compared to guidance in the first quarter was primarily driven by our ability to optimize long-haul gas transportation in the Rockies, along with the timing impact of export sales. Following the increase in activity in the fourth quarter, our oil and gas business continued to push the envelope with new efficiency gains as we seamlessly transitioned into the first quarter.  
 Our Permian teams outperformed expectations in the first quarter by setting new drilling records in New Mexico, the Texas Delaware and the Midland Basin, while also driving down costs. Our first quarter Permian achievements are especially impressive as we have now augmented the efficiencies of our Oxy Drilling Dynamics with remote directional drilling, an exciting innovation that allows the drill bit to be steered from a separate location. Being able to control and optimize our operations remotely and instantaneously apply shared expertise to similar activities has numerous advantages that we expect our operations to benefit from in the future.  
 We also continue to achieve significant efficiency improvements in the Rockies, where in the first quarter, our DJ drilling team reached our lowest average cost per foot in program history. I'd also like to highlight Oman for their best-ever HES performance with no recordables in the first quarter while drilling the longest laterals in Oxy Oman history and achieving record drilling times.  
 After a pause of the issuance of new drilling permits on federal land earlier this year, we have now started to see the process move forward again with the approval of new permits. We currently do not expect the permitting process to have an impact on our activity levels as we still plan to run an average of 11 rigs in the Permian this year and 2 in the Rockies.  
 In late April, I testified before the U.S. Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee in support of lifting the federal leasing moratorium. As I told the committee, continued onshore oil and gas development means high-paying jobs, community reinvestment and meeting energy and product needs during the transition to a low-carbon economy. We look forward to working with Congress and the administration on ways to create clarity and short- and long-term regulatory certainty.  
 After we announced the sale of our Colombia onshore assets last year, we updated our divestiture plan to sell $2 billion to $3 billion of assets by the middle of this year. Our progress towards this target continues as we closed almost $500 million of sales in the first quarter. Post Colombia, we now have closed approximately $835 million of divestitures and are well on our way to achieving our target. But we will continue to make the best value decisions by weighing the impact of future cash flows in our current environment versus the benefits of meeting a deadline or divestiture target.  
 Looking back over the last year, I'm particularly proud of the accomplishments our teams have achieved and look forward to the opportunities that lie ahead. Not only have we optimized our portfolio, improved our balance sheet and continued to reduce costs, we've also created the pathway to achieve net 0 emissions. As we take our next steps toward achieving our future goals, including further balance sheet improvement, returning additional capital to shareholders and bringing our first commercial scale direct air capture plant online, we will continue to maintain our low-cost, capital efficient, stable production base with a goal of maximizing free cash flow generation through capital discipline and margin preservation.  
 Our cash flow priorities are structured with the aim of positioning our company for future success. While we are encouraged by the improving macro environment and are especially proud of our team's ability to maintain and sustain our production base, we will continue to improve our balance sheet until we reach the point where our financial position will support a more meaningful return on capital and return of capital to our shareholders throughout the commodity cycle.  
 I'll now hand the call over to Rob, who will walk you through our financial results for the first quarter and guidance for the remainder of the year. 
Robert Peterson: Thank you, Vicki. I want to echo Vicki's comments on our strong performance in the first quarter. Our cash flow priorities illustrate the importance we continue to place on capital discipline, free cash flow generation and balance sheet improvement. As we look ahead on the steps necessary to transition from our current to our medium-term cash flow priorities, our focus on balance sheet improvement will continue to influence our financial policies.  
 Throughout 2020, which was one of the worst years our industry has endured, we focused on deleveraging and have continued to reduce debt in the first quarter of this year. We repaid approximately $9.6 billion of principal since August of 2019, with more to come as we can complete our divestiture program combined with leveraging our ability to rate excess free cash flow and maintain our commitment to capital discipline.  
 On past calls, I've highlighted our preference for a viable path to return to investment-grade credit rating. We're allocating excess cash flow to our medium-term priorities. Our credit ratings are based on several factors, including a certain level of debt, returning to investment-grade in a mid-cycle commodity price environment may include reducing debt to the mid-$20 billion range. We are not there here today, but we believe this goal is achievable, given our potential to generate free cash flow.  
 We repaid $174 million of debt in the first quarter and now have less than $225 million of maturities due the remainder of 2021. If we generate cash from organic free cash flow, close our remaining divestitures, we have some more options available to deploy that cash, improve our balance sheet. We have the option to call the 2022 floating rate notes prior to maturity and may at times allow our cash cushion to build until maturities come due.  
 We have additional options available to address future maturities, which we are currently evaluating. We may also consider retiring $750 million of notional interest rate swaps later this year for the fair value amount, which was approximately $665 million at quarter end. This would improve cash flows by almost $50 million per annum at the current curve.  
 In the first quarter, we announced an adjusted loss of $0.15 per share and a reported loss of $0.36 per share. The difference between our adjusted and reported results is primarily due to a gain on asset sales and positive fair value adjustments, offset by planned lease expiries and a legal contingency related to our 2016 settlement with Ecuador.  
 This quarter, we classified all derivative instruments with mark-to-market adjustments as items affecting the clearability. We expect this change will be helpful to investors comparing underlying business performance between periods and reconciling actual results to our guidance, which had previously excluded the mark-to-market adjustment.  
 We were able to add additional gas hedges in the quarter and have now hedged approximately half of our 2021 domestic natural gas production with a floor of $2.50 per Mcf. We are on track to spend within our full year capital budget of $2.9 billion, having incurred capital expenditures of only $579 million in the first quarter.  
 Our operational success, combined with our focus on sustaining production in a more supportive commodity price environment, enabled us to generate $1.6 billion in free cash flow and exit the quarter with almost $2.3 billion on restricted cash in hand. Our business incurred a negative working capital change in the quarter, which was largely driven by higher accounts receivable and inventory balances due to commodity price recovery. Over half of the working capital change was due to commodity price, which reflects the timing difference between whatever is recognized when the cash is received.  
 We also made several payments that are typical in the first quarter, including property taxes, cash interest payments, employee benefit payments and pension contributions. We see the potential for the working capital change to partially reverse over the remainder of this year as expenses accrued last year were already paid in the first quarter of this year. 
 We are pleased to be able to update our full year guidance for midstream and OxyChem, reflecting strong first quarter performance and improved market conditions. Our revised guidance, combined with our operational achievements, have enabled us to lower our 2021 breakeven to the mid-$30 range on a WTI basis before the preferred dividend.  
 I would like to reiterate that despite the first quarter weather impact to our Permian production of approximately 25,000 BOE per day, as guided on our last call, combined with the production impact associated with divesting $282 million -- $285 million of minerals and a negative PSC impact of over 5,000 BOE per day related to higher oil prices, our full year production guidance of 1.14 million BOEs per day remains intact, as does our full year capital budget of $2.9 billion.  
 I will now turn the call back over to Vicki. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. We are encouraged by the positive reception our 2020 Climate Report received following its release in December as well as the enthusiasm our low carbon strategy continues to generate. We understand that many of our stakeholders have a desire to learn more about our low carbon projects and the returns these projects will generate. 
 While we are not yet able to share the economics, we will have created partnerships to finance and deploy cutting-edge CCUS technology, which leverages our expertise and our tens of billions of dollars worth of CO2 infrastructure, assets and floor space. We are creating these cross-industry opportunities for others to invest alongside us to maximize the deployment pace and carbon removal impact. We look forward to sharing more information when possible.  
 As part of being a socially and environmentally responsible operator, we consistently make operational improvements in addition to working toward our net 0 goals. In the first quarter, we started a water recycling facility in the Midland Basin and began utilizing recycled water in our South Curtis Ranch development. In partnership with an industry-leading water midstream company, we were able to increase our water recycling efforts and lower cost. Recycling water has been a large focus of ours in New Mexico for several years, and we are pleased to have been able to expand this effort into Texas.  
 Before we begin the Q&A, I want to announce that in April, we became the first U.S. oil and gas company to commit to adopting the World Economic Forum's stakeholder capitalism metrics. This commitment will guide our process to incorporate the forum's metrics most relevant to our business into our environmental, social and governance reporting. We believe this is the appropriate framework to supplement our reporting on ESG progress, enhance transparency and strengthen our engagement with investors and other stakeholders.  
 We'll now open the call for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Dan Boyd with Mizuho. 
Daniel Boyd: So I want to ask one on direct air capture, but I think, first, just kind of starting with the free cash flow outlook here. Could you give us an update on your dividend breakeven? I think last time you talked about it, it was in the high 30s. Presumably, it's lower given the improvements that you've seen in chemicals and midstream. And maybe also just comment on your free cash flow generation this year at the strip, adjusted for work -- even if you include working capital, I think there's probably a lot of questions on that today, given what the stock is doing. 
Robert Peterson: Sure, Dan, thanks. So our revised guidance, when you combine in operational achievements, did lower our breakeven, I would say, mid-$30 range on a WTI basis before the preferred dividend. Specifically, we give a range because it is influenced by a number of factors that you listed, including the cash flows, including the natural gas prices, realization for our products, divestiture timing and where chemicals and midstream falls in respect of earnings guidance. And obviously, this quarter, we were able to significantly improve our guidance on both the chemicals and midstream business, which has a material impact on that range.  
 In addition to that, as we take that organic cash flow and we can further improve the breakeven and doing things like I mentioned in my opening comments regarding interest rate swaps, where we retired the $665 million of notional value or $750 million notional value, that was $665 million at the end of the quarter, we're able to eliminate about $50 million of interest costs for the year using the current curve. So there's a lot of things that go into that.  
 In terms of forecasting out cash flow into the year, we don't forecast cash flow forward on that side of it. I think you can see a pretty representative quarter. It's a fairly clean quarter outside of a few things. And I think you can see -- illuminate the working capital and get an idea what kind of cash we would generate at similar prices moving forward. 
Daniel Boyd: Okay. I'm sure you're going to get more on that. So Vicki, I wanted to go back to the direct air capture. I came across a document, it was a presentation that someone on your team made to the California Air Resource Board, I think, back in October that talked about building or at least having 4 facilities online in 2025. And there was also a petition to get credits or, I guess, generate the credits during the construction phase. So can you just talk about that, and what that might be able to do in terms of your ability to finance this in creative ways as you just touched upon? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I'll say that we don't have any concerns about being able to finance our first direct air capture facility. The first one where -- once we have both trains built, we'll be able to capture 1 million tons per year of CO2. So they're -- to us, there are no financing concerns. But it's helpful to -- when we can to generate some cash as we're building the facility. That's what that request was about. And if we could get that request, what that enables us to do is accelerate development of the next facility. So what we're trying to do is what I believe the CARB and others want to do, and that is accelerate our ability to be able to have a positive impact on the environment and also to be able to create value for our shareholders.
 We're trying to accelerate that where we can. And so we believe that we will be able to provide or obtain some funds either from that or potentially from some modifications that we think is critically important to 45Q because currently 45Q is a tax credit. If that were a direct pay to us for the carbon that we capture, that's another enabler that allows us to accelerate the construction of the technology, get that advanced faster and more built sooner. So there, we're looking at multiple ways to accelerate all that we're doing in the Permian with respect to direct air capture. 
Operator: The next question will come from Neal Dingmann with Truist. 
Neal Dingmann: Vicki, I know you mentioned on the prepared remarks that you were fine with -- as far as permits, and it's not going to influence the 2 rigs in the Rockies. Just wondering, if and when the decisions come out in August, what might, I guess, changes could we see either in the Gulf of Mexico or Rockies, I guess, depending on how -- to the degree of what comes out? 
Vicki Hollub: I think the changes that will come out will not impact current leases. I do believe that we'll be able to continue permitting on current leases. My concern is that there could be a moratorium, a longer-term moratorium on picking up additional leases. That would be bad for our industry. It would be bad for the United States. It would put our country in a position where we would likely have an even tougher time increasing production above where the United States is today. 
 As you know, we were at one point over 13 million barrels a day of oil production from the U.S. That's a scenario that gave us strength in world politics. It gave us the ability to completely supply our own oil and products domestically. We would not have to import very much at all at a 13 million barrel a day level because I believe our refining capacity is somewhere near 17 million. So we would have some capability to be almost completely independent. 
 With a moratorium on federal leases, that would really drive down our industry's ability to react. Now where we are in that, we've got 9.5 million acres of -- to develop in the U.S. And of that 9.5 million acres, I think only about 1.6 million are federal, and about half of that is offshore. So from a new lease standpoint, there are some companies that are in better positions than others, and we believe we are. 
 But what I'm advocating for is the industry and for the country because the other thing about this is some of this is being touted as a way to reduce emissions for the United States, which would be definitely a bad move because we are very prudent with what we're doing in United States compared to a lot of countries around the world. We've reduced emissions significantly in the U.S. and continue to push technologies to further reduce. 
 API, we're part of API, and a lot of companies within API have committed to a voluntary partnership where we're all working to share technologies and to help each other reduce emissions and to get the best available technology in place to address emissions and climate change. So I think that, for me, the biggest worry is not on existing leases. It's just the moratorium could be extended for a long time on picking -- or anybody picking up any new releases. 
Neal Dingmann: No, very -- I really liked the details. And then just a follow-up. I'm just wondering, will your financial investments, and I guess, sort of 2-parter here, just talk about maybe what type of financial investments you see in your carbon capture. And initially there was other clean energy because you seem to have an advantage, especially out there in the Perm on some others. And really, my main question around that is, will the funds that you spend on that, is that going to influence what you're able to spend on either -- on some of the upstream? Or are they too sort of independent there? 
Vicki Hollub: No. Our low carbon strategy is very connected to our CO2 enhanced oil recovery projects. And as we have mentioned before, we started working on this low carbon strategy because we wanted a more sustainable source for CO2 and a lower-cost CO2 for our enhanced oil recovery. 
 Where we're positioned today is incredibly exciting because in the Permian Basin, we have such a footprint of not only reservoirs, floor space and resources, we have the processing plants. We have the pipelines and all of that necessary to further accelerate development of additional 2 billion barrels in our conventional reservoirs. And this, we haven't even been able to calculate yet what we could get from CO2-enhanced oil recovery in the shale. 
 But doing that in the Permian, doing that in the DJ Basin and the Powder River, that sets us up for decades to come of generating new reserves and production from existing reservoirs. And so really, it's tied to that. It's tied to being able to create value for our shareholders through the extended production of more reserves than what can typically be produced out of conventional or unconventional resources. 
 For example, in conventional reservoirs, with CO2, you can get up to 70% or better recovery. And whereas with just primary development, normally, you get 20% to 25% at most. So we can get better than 70% with CO2 flooding. In the unconventional where most companies will tell you that you'll get, at most, 10% to 12% recovery of the hydrocarbons from the shale play, but with CO2-enhanced oil recovery, we've tested it, we've run 4 pilots, and we now know that we can potentially get 75% additional recovery or maybe even double it. 
 So we're sitting in a position now where we have a significant amount of future potential development. And we have it in the areas where we operate, the areas where we already have the infrastructure. So as we go forward, our incremental production and recoveries are just going to continue to be at lower and lower cost beyond the point where we were able to get these direct air capture facilities built. 
 But what's also going to help us there, too, and help further lower cost is executing on our NET Power technology, which we're also an equity investor in. NET Power is a process that generates a lower cost of electricity by combusting hydrocarbons with oxygen, and it therefore spits off a pure stream of CO2 that -- and no other emissions. So we can take that CO2 and use it in our reservoirs. So it's essentially a lower-cost, emission-free electrical generation process for us. 
 So we have a lot of ways as we go forward, and this is why we're incredibly excited, a lot of ways to get more oil out of the ground for lower cost. And so as we go forward, our cost structure will continue to decrease, not just from the debt reduction that Rob has talked about, but from the actual development and operations in the field. 
 And in addition to that, we will be able to provide aviation and maritime industries with a net carbon 0 oil. So we're going to be the solution for actually aviation and maritime, and that's why United wanted to join with us on building this first direct air capture facility. So it's exciting for us. 
 Sorry, if I'm talking too long on this. I'll stop here and see if you have anything else to ask, but it's exciting for us. And we're really looking forward to being able to talk more about this. And as I said in my script, we can't yet because we're in the middle of some processes and some discussions and interactions with others. But we hope that in the fall or close to the end of the year, we will be able to share more about it and get you a model that you'll be able to see and understand at that point. 
Operator: The next question will come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. 
Douglas Leggate: Rob, I hate to speak on the tax breakeven question, but I want to go over the math with you real quick. $1.6 billion of free cash, obviously, before working capital. Annualized is $6.4 billion. $215 million per dollar is $30, and the average WTI price in Q1 was $57.61. So how do you get mid-30s? Even if I add back the press, that still only gets you to low 30s. What am I missing? 
Robert Peterson: So I think that part of what is missing from that is certainly the CapEx and then also where, I would say the chemicals, their performance in Q1, as you can see in the guidance, is sustained throughout the year. The midstream inclusion in Q1 is more of a onetime event associated with winter storm Uri. So I think it's part of annualizing the Q1 numbers. That's what I would modify your analysis by. 
Douglas Leggate: I realize they're not repeatable, but still, delta is about $7. Okay. I'll take it offline. My follow-up is, Vicki, I guess it's a regular question every quarter. The disposal update, a little bit more progress this time, but still a long way to go to get to the $2 billion to $3 billion. Can you give us any color on timing and visibility at this point? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I would say that if I include the unsolicited offers that we've gotten, we currently have offers in hand that would get us well above the $2 billion minimum target. However, in this environment, we expect to -- that we would -- we'll meet the $2 billion. But whether or not we go above the $2 billion really depends on how the macro continues to look for us. And then everything that we're getting in and every divestiture that we have the potential to do, we always want to evaluate what it delivers for us versus what the cash flow in the future would generate. 
 So it's a value proposition for us. And it's also ensuring that -- the other part of the consideration is making sure that we have enough cash flow to meet our maturities, debt maturities and even to go beyond that to, as Rob was saying, to deal with the interest rate swaps and some other minor costs that we have. So it's all about lowering our cost structure, making sure that we maximize our higher-margin cash flow, keep that intact. 
 So we still have gone -- we have not announced any others that we have, but we do have a couple of -- several things actually in process, a couple that have a -- that are higher priorities for us to do. One is Ghana, as we've talked about it before. But because we have several processes running now, we feel comfortable that we'll get to the $2 billion. And then going beyond that, it's really going to be a preference based on -- and a decision based on the valuation. 
Operator: The next question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: I just wanted to build on the cash flow questions from the quarter. Can you just walk us through again why the cash flow -- working capital number was so large? And then how should we think about the reversal? A lot of this just sounds like timing stuff, and certainly export barrels will eventually hit their final destination. So I would think a lot would come back, but just walk us through that. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. Sure, Neil. Happy to do that for you. So if you look at a typical first quarter, we historically see a somewhat significant draw in the first quarter because of the -- but it was certainly more sizable in the first quarter of this year. 
 When you go back to 2018, Q1 draw of about $700 million. In 2019, it was about $900 million. And for the opposite reasons for this quarter 2020, it was about $200 million draw because with price going the opposite direction, obviously, in March when the pandemic hit and with the price wars going on. So regardless, the $1.3 billion draw we experienced in the first quarter does and is exceptionally large. The majority of that was driven by the change in commodity prices. It was the timing difference between revenue recognition and cash received. 
 So at the end of 2020, WTI was about $48 a barrel, and it was $61 a barrel at the end of March. And so this price increase of 30% impacts both our AR balances and our inventory significantly, especially when you consider our midstream business and how many barrels are on the water at any given point in time. And even that's a bit exacerbated because we discussed a bit last time that Europe essentially has been shut down a significant cargoes of oil from the Gulf since the third quarter of last year. And as a result, we've had to change our mix or portfolio of export shipments, which are now, for the most part, heavily weighted to -- it's not exclusively related to shipments to Asia, which is longer voyages, more crude on the water longer because of the transit times. 
 And then obviously, compared to other years, we have a pretty modest capital budget. And so we're not creating a significant amount of payables or capital spending. And so when you look at it, it's a combination of the price impacts, coupled with all those first quarter events like the financial interest payments, the payments for property taxes, we made a significant contribution to the APC pension plan during the first quarter, and then -- so we put it all together, we do expect, as you pointed out, as receivables start to come in, that some of that will reverse as the year goes on. 
Neil Mehta: Is it fair to assume Q2 should be a decent working cash -- working capital cash inflow, all else equal then? 
Robert Peterson: Again, it depends largely on what happen to the price going into the second quarter also. But we would expect it to. 
Neil Mehta: And the follow-up is just on the chemicals business. Obviously, margins are really strong, so just get your guys a big picture view of where we are in the chemical cycle and how your business fits into that? 
Robert Peterson: Yes. So absolutely, nothing happy to do than talk about our chemical business, which had an excellent start to the year. When you look at the chemical business, it has both some impacts from winter storm Uri, to some extent, but also because how winter storm Uri impacted the overall business itself. 
 And so chlor-alkali production struggled significantly in March post storm. If you think about Uri, it had a much wider impact than any individual hurricane we had in the past. And so you still have a lot of inspections, et cetera, going on, restarts going in the month of March. And that has extended into after a very difficult hurricane season last year. And so going into the end of 2020, we already had a pretty tight supply-demand balance in the second half of the year. And that was coupled with a pretty significant amount of demand. As you know, building products are in very high demand right now. So our PVC demand and margins were significant already going into the year. 
 And so if you look at our operating rates as the industry, they're only about 71.5% for the first quarter of '21, whereas last year, they were 89%. And so the combination of the stronger demand, coupled with the production off-line to start the year, has already tightened up an already tight supply-demand balance. 
 And so in the case of PVC, construction investment is very strong. Demand is expected to range strong, with the housing starts outlook, low mortgage rates, a lot of emphasis on remodeling, et cetera, right now that is driving PVC demand. So PVC demand domestically is up almost 5% compared to the same period in 2020, which drives down the amount of PVC that's actually being exported. And exports were actually down about 30% compared to the same period last year. 
 And so with resin tight in the domestic market, we're able to expand margins, just like we would in our commodity under a tight supply-demand balance. And then what we're seeing in the caustic soda business is whereas previously when we guided, we anticipated to start -- we're seeing caustic soda bottom, and we thought we would start to see improvements in the second half of the year, Uri has pulled that forward a bit. And so now we're seeing caustic soda prices improve in the second quarter as we move forward. So we're just getting more of that as the year goes on. And so we're expecting not only continued high margins in the PVC business and resilient demand through the balance of the year as construction continues to pull. I mean, PVC's really different. We're seeing prices of wood and everything else. We'll also see caustic soda benefit from that process at all. 
 And as Vicki mentioned, Oxy's significant amount of other derivatives beyond just PVC that we sell gives the company a lot more variability in the molecules that it can sell, produce additional caustic soda and produce additional value in other parts of the chlorine chain, which is going to expand our ability to increase the value delivered by the business. I just -- it's the reason why we talk about how much value is locked in the chemical business and why when people talk to us about the chemical business a lot of times and why we don't see something different with it is because it's just hard for people to grasp with a small commodity chemical business that can turn out these types of cash flow on this asset base. And it's really -- it's a remarkable business. 
Operator: The next question will come from Jeanine Wai with Barclays. 
Jeanine Wai: My first question probably maybe for Rob. I just want to make sure I heard your comments right in the prepared remarks. So getting down to the mid-$20 billion range on gross debt, that's where you think you need to be to hit IG status at mid-cycle prices. And I think ultimately, that's an important goal for you all. So about $10 billion more to go from there. Can you just remind us what your view of mid-cycle prices are at this point? And how does this jive with your prior target of 3x leverage as the trigger for growth, which I think was also at mid-cycle prices? 
Robert Peterson: Yes. It's around the $50 range. And if you look at the price decks that are being used by a lot of rate agencies, they're in the high 40s right now to look to close to $50. They're not -- so they don't move their price decks with the current environment of being in the mid- to high -- low 60s. And so that makes a significant difference on where that breakeven location is at. 
 And so is it exactly 20 -- $10 billion? Obviously, there's a lot of different things to factor, as I indicated in my remarks, but it's somewhere in the neighborhood of that. It's somewhere -- other things will go into that. It could mitigate it to be a little higher than that would be possible or even a little lower than that. But obviously, there's a lot of things that go into it, but it's somewhere in that range. 
 So even though that you can probably move forward and get pretty close to that or lower that 3x in your model for the second half of the year. But by the end of the year, based on -- if current oil prices were to continue, it's not that price deck that we're going to be considered for investment-grade. 
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Got it. So in terms of the moving pieces on -- my follow-up is in terms of the moving pieces on the medium-term goals, there's a few, there's sustainable dividend, there's growth capital. Now we kind of have a bogey roughly on gross debt. So how do we think of the trade-off for all of those things? And it will take some time to reduce the debt. We've got the preferred, but you do have like very healthy oil prices as well as asset sales that are coming in. So I'm just kind of wondering, when we're looking at our free cash flow profile and the new debt targets, when we can kind of revisit the growth conversation versus the dividend and paying off other things? 
Robert Peterson: Yes. So Jeanine, I would say that, obviously, as with Vicki's remarks, we're squarely focused on the leverage reduction right now and looking at opportunity to get down to that investment-grade type level. Embodied in that is going to be using the proceeds, both from the free cash flow from the business, using the proceeds from divestitures that take place and combine those 2 things together to reduce the cost -- what we have outstanding. And that can be through a host of different things, as I discussed on remarks, between what we're evaluating near term on the ability to put that cash to work to reduce debt. 
 That conversation will eventually rotate over into medium-term priorities, focusing on the dividend. But we haven't established a policy on what the dividend might look like. It's going to need to be sustainable, as we've indicated in our priorities. So it could be a combination of something that's fixed and some variable component. We haven't decided on that at this point. But that conversation will come at the -- after we made more progress on our debt reduction. 
Vicki Hollub: I would just add to that. We had this great production profile right now. And with the production profile that we have, the chemicals business supporting it, that what we're really focused on is margin expansion. We have lots of opportunity for that, and that's what we're most excited about. So there will be continuing shareholder value growth through margin expansion. 
Operator: The next question will come from Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley. 
Devin McDermott: So my first one kind of builds actually on that last point, Vicki, on margin expansion and just the comments you had in the prepared remarks as well on cost reductions. You had said that you were able to identify some cost-reduction opportunities in the quarter that offset some of the winter storm impacts. I was wondering if you could comment just whether that was deferrals or more structural reductions? 
 And then as part of that, as we think about the margin expansion opportunities going forward, are you still identifying things like upside with contribution from the Anadarko transaction? Or maybe said another way, is there still more room to run on reducing the cost structure here? And what are some of the levers to drive that cost structure down? 
Vicki Hollub: Yes, you're right. There's more opportunities to continue to reduce our cost structure in both capital and OpEx. And one example I'll give is we went back recently and took a look at our drilling performance between 2015 up through what we're doing in 2021. And I can tell you, we rolled out our physics and logistics space, Oxy Drilling Dynamics in our domestic operations in 2015 and then rolled it out internationally in late 2016. 
 And I think I said before, we haven't seen an area where we've rolled this out that we haven't had about a 20% to 30% reduction in our cost. And the exciting thing in looking at our data today is we've decreased our drilling cost from $200 a foot back in 2015 to $135 a foot in 2021 for our global drilling. That's everything around the world. 
 And so we've individually pointed out the performance improvements in the Permian, but we've not only seen it in the Permian. We've seen it in the DJ, in the Powder River. And now Oman is seeing a lot of good things happening there by using this process, and it's proprietary to us. We developed it. 
 So it's making a difference. We've also started deploying it to the Gulf of Mexico and seeing some good things there that we'll be able to quantify and report on here in the near future. 
 So it's drilling. On the drilling side, it's still -- and I will say before I leave drilling, some people might say that you probably got all that. And right now, we're not improving. From 2019 to 2020, even in the downturn, we improved by 14% what we were doing there. So there's -- the improvement is happening even today. So far this year, we've improved by about 4% only 1 quarter into it. This is as we were picking up rigs. So this is -- what we're doing there is working. But also on the completion side, we're still setting records for how many fracs we can do in a 24-hour period, and so that's improving. 
 The other thing we're seeing is that our Permian team, the -- every one of them actually is continuing to work on the subsurface model. And this has been a point of extreme emphasis for us because of the variation in the shale play. So we started really enhancing our subsurface expertise about 6 or 7 years ago and working hard to get that to where we needed it to be. 
 We have some incredible people in-house that now do that work. And that -- what we've learned in the shale play, we've extended also to looking at conventional and to doing more with seismic. And part of that was driven by the good efforts that the Anadarko staff had accomplished and achieved with some of the 3D seismic. And our team, some of our domestic people started looking at how others were doing things and taking what others are doing and made it better. 
 So every phase of what we're doing, we're trying to do better. And we're seeing still continuing improvement. Oman is using what they call an Oxy jetting system where in existing wells, they can go in and jet with a process that ensures maximum contact with the reservoir through each phase of the jetting process, both in vertical and horizontal wells. That's delivering better recovery from the existing reservoirs, too. And to me, the more you can get out of the reservoir that you've developed, the better off you are and even better when you can go back into existing wells and get more out of those. 
 So I'm quite confident that we will continue on both the OpEx side and the drilling side, completion side and facilities to continue to lower our cost. Our teams are driven to do it and did it even during this pandemic and did it in a big way. 
 So I think in New Mexico, they -- in several of the areas that they worked really hard there, they lowered our breakeven on some of those areas by $10 a barrel. So all of that's incredibly encouraging for what we have going forward, considering the footprint that we have in the areas that we know the best. 
Robert Peterson: And I think I'd just add to that. I mean, it's just -- I think that when you hear about all the exciting things underlying the business that Vicki talks about, and I know externally that the thesis of paying down debt seems incredibly boring for an external thesis. That's part of the reason why we're working so hard and committed to this and getting it behind us, so that, truly, that we can focus on the story of the company being beyond that, and what is going to be. 
 We do fully expect that when debt goes down, it will translate into equity value, in the total enterprise value, which is good for our shareholders. But we understand that talking about reducing debt doesn't seem to suit wholly exciting. But there's something exciting going on. And at times, we miss the fact of all the great things that we continue to break through what we thought was the best we could do before, we've been successively since the acquisition. 
Devin McDermott: Yes. No, that all definitely makes a lot of sense. And I think the progress forward and line of sight on the debt reduction is definitely a good story as well. 
 And maybe then shifting focus to some of the other initiatives. I know carbon capture and low carbon, you spoke a few times already, but I have one follow-up there. As we think about the milestones from here to reaching FID on some of these potential projects, including the direct air capture project in the Permian, can you just walk us through what's remaining there? It sounds like policy and financing isn't one of the milestones at this point. But what are we looking for in order to bring that project to fruition? 
Vicki Hollub: Well, we -- the big step was to select our engineering and construction partner. We did. That's Worley. So the FEE process is ongoing now, front-end engineering. So we're working that now. We expect to have FID early next year and start construction by the end of next year. 
 So I don't see that there would be anything, barring some weird macro thing happen to us, that would change our schedule right now. Our teams are -- what they have done, our major projects team led by Ken Dillon, as -- along with Worley, they've put together a sub team that as the front-end engineering is happening, they're looking for ways to -- already ways to optimize the designs as they're in progress. 
 And so I'm really excited that the first one, I believe, is going to be surprising to some people in terms of its design and how we're going to be able to build it. There are some things already in process around deciding how do you do this on a -- at a faster pace and on a larger scale as we go forward. Some of that work is in place. But I do expect that there's -- that we will begin construction at the end of next year. And I don't see anything in the way of stopping that right now. 
Operator: The next question will come from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc. 
Leo Mariani: Guys, wanted to hear, it looks like your first quarter CapEx did come in quite a bit below expectations. And if you just annualize that number, it looks like it's quite a bit below budget on the year. Just wanted to get a sense, what was driving the lower first quarter CapEx? And just wasn't sure if maybe there were some costs or some expenditures that shifted from 1Q into other quarters? And kind of how you guys are feeling about this $2.9 billion budget? 
Vicki Hollub: Part of it was driven by the ramp-up, and we will have our highest spend capital quarter next quarter. So if you average the 2, it's going to -- that's going to be -- first half spending will be about the same as second half spending, maybe slightly less. 
 But generally speaking, mover parts, this is a part of the start-up process. And then we had a little bit of a delay on some of our activities as a result of the storms. So some things moved from Q1 into Q2. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. Certainly... 
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's very clear. 
Robert Peterson: Look, what Vicki said when she said next quarter, Q2 would be our highest. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. 
Robert Peterson: Highest spend. And you can see that with Permian, where we only spent a couple of hundred million in the first quarter of its $1.2 billion. So you can definitely see that. 
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's very clear. And then just a question on the midstream for the year. Obviously, a very strong first quarter. You guys enumerated some of the reasons why in the press release and in the prepared comments. But just looking at your second quarter midstream guide, obviously, you're expecting a loss. When I look at it, it's not a big loss, kind of a small one. If I just add kind of the first quarter benefit, the second quarter loss, you're expecting, let's call it, roughly breakeven. 
 When I look at your full year midstream guidance, you're still expecting a very large loss, kind of implying significant loss in the second half of '21. Can you kind of just explain a little bit the dynamic there in terms of what you might be expecting later this year? 
Robert Peterson: Sure, Leo. I think if I understand what you're saying, if you look at the first quarter, we beat our guide by $234 million. And then we raised the full year outlook $200 million. So basically, last quarter to this quarter, we're expecting a deterioration of about $34 million on the remaining 3 quarters. 
 And basically, what's driving that is our view on gas differentials and on our oil export differentials. So if you look at -- and I think we talked about this a bit before, when differentials collapse, that helps our upstream business because realizations get better, but it hurts our midstream business. And so that's the piece you have going on. So most of the benefit of the Q1 rolls through to the year, and then you get a little bit of change for the remaining quarters, primarily driven by that differential collapsing. 
Operator: The next question will come from Raphael DuBois with Societe Generale. 
Raphal DuBois: It's about the DSC plant that you intend to FID. You mentioned a couple of conf calls ago that you will benefit through OxyChem. Can you maybe share with us how -- what quantity of caustic soda will be required for this very first plant? And looking forward, do you think it could be any issue to access caustic soda to deploy this technology? 
Robert Peterson: Vicki, I can kind of tag team this a little bit. But I would say -- so first of all, the working fluid and the direct air capture unit is caustic potash, not caustic soda. So it's AOH, not NaOH, but we haven't disclosed utilization or what that first fill volume might be or like the first direct air capture unit moving forward. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Just to repeat, we're still in the engineering phase of that and still optimizing it. So we probably would not have that information until the end of this year. 
Robert Peterson: Another thing I would mention to you is the other piece is the majority of the infrastructure inside the actual direct air capture unit is also PVC, which obviously, there's a synergy with the OxyChem business on the amount of PVC that goes inside the direct air capture unit. 
Operator: The next question will come from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: Looking in Permian, I think one of your competitors talking about they're going to move more into the 3 miles wells. Just curious that in your plan, is that something that you guys were trying to do or that you don't think is suitable for you? 
 And also, your talk about on the CO2 spotting in the unconventional side. So when we're looking at your prospect inventory, what percentage of your inventory that you think is applicable in here? So that's the first question. 
 The second question is that at some point that you would bring down your debt and once you reach that mid-$20 billion range, what's the objective for your Oman, Algeria and Gulf of Mexico operation? Is that still trying to just maintain the production relatively steady? Or are you trying to grow over there? 
Vicki Hollub: Paul, could you just clarify for me? When you were asking the first question, you mentioned that our competitors are doing something. And then you were asking if we were doing the same. Could you clarify what that was again? 
Paul Cheng: At least one of your competitors is talking about they are drilling the lateral length, that 3 miles or 15,000 feet well. So just curious that given your position, is that something you guys found that is capital-efficient and productive for use to push for the 3 miles? Or that you don't think it's applicable to you? 
Vicki Hollub: I think that it's always important to not put yourself into a box to think that 5,000 feet's the right answer, 10,000 feet's the right answer. I really think that in all cases, you should do an engineering model. You should really look at what is the right design for maximizing recovery from the wells, and what does your acreage position allow? And what are the risk of drilling the 3 miles versus 1 mile or 10,000 feet? 
 So I think that there are cases where there may be situations and scenarios where longer lateral than 10,000. In fact, we drilled 15,000 ourselves. We did at least 1 or 2 of those. And we've drilled more than 10,000. In other cases, they didn't go all the way to the 15,000, but I think it really depends on the reservoir and all the things that you have to take into consideration against your acreage position, your full fill development plan, how you intend to complete it, how you intend to -- what kind of artificial lift you intend to use. 
 So there are a lot of variables involved. But I wouldn't -- I certainly wouldn't say that we would never consider doing our 15,000-foot wells again. It's always under evaluation, not only in the Permian, but anywhere we drill horizontal wells. So we wouldn't rule it out. 
 And with respect to CO2, CO2, we expect to use in both the conventional and the unconventional. And in the conventional alone, there's 2 billion barrels of additional resources that could be developed with what we expect to be much lower or no cost CO2 in the future. And the enhanced oil recovery of the shale as well. So we're excited about that. 
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Vicki Hollub: I just want to thank you all for your participation and your questions today. Thank you, and have a great day. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-23 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Occidentals Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode.  After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.  Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidentals fourth quarter 2020 conference call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. 2020 was a year of extreme volatility for our industry and the world. With the year now behind us, our operations have returned to a normalized activity level in support of stabilizing our full year production at our fourth quarter 2020 rate. We entered 2021 with an improved financial position by taking the necessary steps to protect our asset base and derisk our balance sheet. Im particularly proud of our teams who leveraged our technical expertise to mitigate production decline while relentlessly lowering costs. The capability of our outstanding employees to consistently deliver remarkable results safely was key to our ability to navigate the challenges of the last year as well as the challenges presented by the winter storm last week. This morning, well provide the details of our full year 2021 plan. This plan maintains our best-in-class capital intensity, even with the modest activity increase we started in the fourth quarter of 2020. Well also provide an update on our divestiture and deleveraging progress as well as reviewing our financial results and guidance for the year ahead. Throughout 2020, we focused on maintaining the integrity of our production and asset base as well as lowering overhead and operating costs. Our achievements have positioned us to build on our track record of operational excellence and efficiency gains as we stabilize production in 2021. In the fourth quarter, our businesses continued to outperform and generate momentum for a strong start to this year. We exceeded our production guidance while continuing to deliver lower-than-expected operating costs for the quarter. Our oil and gas operating cost of $6.80 per BOE and domestic operating costs of $6.05 per BOE continued to demonstrate the lasting impact of our cost reduction measures as our domestic operating costs were significantly below our original expectations for the year. Although our activity slowed in the second and third quarters, our teams did not miss a step as we normalized activity in the fourth quarter. Our onshore domestic assets went from running 22 drilling rigs in the first quarter, down to zero in the second quarter and then returning to 11 rigs by the end of the year.
Rob Peterson: Thank you, Vicki. In the fourth quarter, we announced an adjusted loss of $0.78 per share and a reported loss of $1.41 per share -- per diluted share. The difference between our adjusted and reported results is primarily due to an approximate $850 million loss on sales related to the carrying value of assets divested during the quarter. As Vicki mentioned, our achievements last year contributed to the improved financial position that we have today. And reducing our debt by $2.4 billion and refinancing $7 billion of near-term maturities in 2020, we have significantly derisked our financial profile. This is especially relevant considering we are targeting an additional $2 billion to $3 billion of divestitures post Colombia. In 2020, we repaid or extended almost $6 billion of 2021 maturities to $2.7  billion of 2022 maturities and more than $250 million of 2023 maturity. This leaves us with less than $375 million of remaining 2021 maturity. We repaid over $9 billion of debt over the last 18 months, lowered outstanding principal to approximately $35 billion. While we were able to adequately manage this level of debt in a mid-cycle environment, our focus remains on debt reduction and strengthen the balance sheet to provide stability throughout the cycle.
Vicki Hollub: to the recent regulatory actions that the social cost of carbon and methane have become increasingly important for our industry, and we have been active and engaged in being part of the solution. Our low-carbon strategy enables Occidental to play a leading role in limiting methane emissions and removing CO2 from the atmosphere while amplifying our existing businesses and benefiting our shareholders. We expect to improve the profitability of enhanced oil recovery in the Permian and in other regions as we reduce the carbon intensity of our own emissions and products. As we implement our low-carbon strategy, we expect to continue working cohesively with regulators under the new administration while demonstrating our commitment to safety and the environment. We expect our operations on federal land to continue and have more than 350 approved permits in New Mexico and approximately 175 in the Powder River Basin with many more pending. In the Gulf of Mexico, we have not experienced any impact to our operations. Following our last earnings call, we released our 2020 climate report detailing our target of reaching zero emissions from our own operations by 2040, with an ambition to accomplish this by 2035 and an ambition to be net zero, including the use of our products by 2050. As part of our low-carbon strategy, we can provide a solution for partners and other industries as well, which is airlines and utilities. Those industries may not have an alternative means to significantly lower their carbon footprint. As Ive said before, the opportunity before us is immense, and we are ready for the challenge. Thanks to our incredible employees, we can plan through the lens of being a best-in-class, low-cost operator with an exceptional portfolio of assets in tandem with a goal of reducing our greenhouse gas emissions and executing our strategy to lead in a low-carbon world. Well now open the call for your questions.
Operator:  The first question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. I appreciate you taking my questions. Maybe, Vicki, first one is for you. Its actually on midstream. I think, over the last couple of months, you talked about the possibility of maybe not quite a blend and extend, but some kind of a potential renegotiation of your midstream tariff. I wonder if you can walk us through where that stands today. And Ive got a follow-up for Rob.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Im going to start this out, and then let Rob add some to this. But, we have looked at alternatives and options. Weve had conversations with other companies and potential partners, and we have not come across a solution that was acceptable to us from a value standpoint. Were still continuing to consider options that are being brought to us, but were not willing to sacrifice value to do a deal thats going to negatively impact us in the future. So, were still working the option around that. We believe that over time, there could be ways that we could adjust what we have today, but the strategy is just not in place for us to be able to execute on it now.
Rob Peterson: Yes. I would second that, Vicki. Doug, those contracts roll off in 2025, as weve indicated before. And to Vickis point, simply finding a way to actually find a super economic value to 
Doug Leggate: Your voice is drifting in from the echo somewhere. So, I dont know if someone else is tapped in here. But anyway, thank you for that. My follow-up is on the balance sheet and the disposal, I guess, the disposal target, Vicki. I realized that, it looks to me anyway that youve pushed out the maturities even further and you continue to talk about lineup side on the disposals for this year. So, I just wonder if you can walk us through your level of confidence in achieving that target and what lies behind that confidence. And while I realize that gets you to the bottom end of your original target, I wonder in a higher oil price environment, if you would still look towards the upper end of that $10 billion to $15 billion range that you laid out a year or so ago? Thanks.
Vicki Hollub: Well, as I stated in my script, the most important thing for us is the value proposition. And as we consider options, and I can tell you, we have incoming offers for various things. So, if we wanted to simply achieve the $2 billion to $3 billion divestiture target, we could achieve that. But what were weighing is the value proposition of the offers that are coming in. And so, were going to stay very committed to making sure that we get the best value for whatever we execute on. But, I will say that I have some confidence that well get there because of the fact that we have multiple opportunities. Were not depending on just one or two possible divestitures. We have in our portfolio, so large, so diverse. We have multiple options to choose from. So, I do believe that we could get to the upper end, but its more likely that we would target the lower end. And the timing of the lower end really depends on how quickly we can get the offers to where we need them to be. And again, we have a couple of processes in place right now, and then the -- some things on hold. So, its all about value for us and getting to that number. And regardless of oil price, if the value is there, we still want to make the execution to get the divestitures to our $2 billion target, and we believe we can do that.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: My first question is with regards to the Low Carbon Ventures and the tie-in to enhance the oil recovery, and it might be a couple parter. First is with regards to enhanced oil recovery. Can you talk about your ability and need, and remind us of that your ability and need to expand investments and production of EOR to meet your net zero goals, and how that factors into your capital budget in 2021? And then, the second part is, on slide 38, focuses very much I think largely from a low-carbon pathway on the upstream side, arguably maybe with a more U.S. onshore bench. And I wondered if you could talk about the opportunities you see in petrochemicals and international to aid your decarbonization goals.
Vicki Hollub: Well, our enhanced oil recovery projects in the Permian are -- theyre one of the anchors that we have for our Low Carbon Ventures strategy. I would say, its not -- the way were doing our strategy is not a necessity that we do it in association with our CO2 enhanced oil recovery projects in the Permian, but we believe thats the best way to do it and the best value proposition for our shareholders. So thats what we focus on initially. And if I could just point you to -- as I talk about the production cycle, point you to the time line where it shows how this idea was originally brought up, it was our CO2 enhanced oil recovery projects in the Permian. They were the reason that we started this vision. And we started the vision more than 10 years ago. We started the vision well before 2008, where you see on the timeline that the original 45Q tax credit was established. We were a part -- our government group was a part of helping to get 45Q tax credit approved and put in place. And so, back then, what we started looking at was how to maximize the vast resources that we had already in conventional reservoirs that were conducive to CO2 enhanced oil recovery. So, that started the process back then. What we wanted to do is, we wanted to come up with a way to have a lower cost, long term, no decline supply of CO2, and thats why we came up with the anthropogenic CO2 option. So, you see, in 2010, its when our Century -- CO2 Century plant came on, and its capturing CO2, delivering it to our Denver units in West Texas. And the Denver unit MRV plan, you can see we got approved in 2015. The Denver unit is one of our largest CO2 projects. We are continuing to add reserves to it even today. Its massive. And so, that and in addition to the Hobbs MRV plan that we got in 2017, its important to note that we were the company that got the first two permits ever issued by the EPA for the sequestration and capture of CO2 in the reservoir. And the MRV is, it means monitoring, reporting and verification. Its just a plan that ensures that you put -- when you put the CO2 on the ground, you have properly sequestered it. So, we got the first two of those. And that whole process, as we started getting that done, was to try to take advantage of the more than 1 billion barrels of resources that we have left to develop in our current holdings and conventional reservoirs in the Permian. And as you know, the Permian is so vast, we have lots of ability to expand way beyond that. And I know you didnt ask the rest of this question, but I do want to talk about what started as a vision to improve our cost structure and extend our ability to develop even more resources in the EOR business. Its now turned into more than that. Its turned into an ability for us to create a new business, a new business that not only will add additional value for our shareholders over time, but reduces emissions in the world. And it helps -- well be the leaders in helping to test technology, the direct air capture technology, put it in place, make it operational and commercial, and that will be -- will provide an opportunity for others to expand it in the world. And so, moving to what that does beyond our enhanced oil recovery in the Permian, you have to look at some of the things that are a part of what were doing. In 2018, another thing that was critical for us was when 45Q was expanded. And when we -- when it was expanded and approved by Congress, it enabled us to make this commercial, the first direct air capture and carbon capture from industry commercial. So, that was an important step. Then we established our Low Carbon Ventures group. We joined the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative. We teamed up with White Energy to capture CO2 from their project. We did some other things around emissions, too. We announced our Goldsmith solar project. And two other things that we did is we invested in NET Power in 2018. NET Power is a technology that will generate electricity at a lower cost in a typical power plant and with the opportunity to capture the CO2 as a part of the process so that we can -- sequester it in our oil reservoirs. And then, at the start of 2019, we invested in Carbon Engineering. The Carbon Engineering has the technology that we will use as a part of our direct air capture process to pull CO2 from the air and to then sequester it in our oil reservoirs. And you can see through there, there are other things that we continue to do over time thats led us to where we are today. There is -- I wont go through and read all of those, but theres a lot thats been done. And the foundation has been very meticulously planned and staged, and now the foundation is set for us to finish some of the processes that we have and discussions that we have in place today to get to a point where this really becomes a business that has three ways of benefiting us and benefits the world. And so, without going through and reading the rest of that, Ill go ahead and stop here and let you answer or ask your follow-up.
Brian Singer: Great. Thanks. My follow-up is actually a similar line as it relates to the two of the technologies that you talked about, the emission-free power and direct air capture. What milestones are you looking for in 2021? Do you have full confidence that these two technologies can get to scale? The FEED study is out for at least half of maybe or the first train or half of where you kind of want to get capacity to for direct air capture, and I wondered if you can just kind of talk about your confidence in the technology, what the milestones are that theyre going to meet whatever cost thresholds you are looking for to get scaled on.
Vicki Hollub: Well, the first real milestone for us was announced yesterday, and that was the -- or maybe today, and that was the selection of our engineering and construction company, and thats Worley. Worley is -- theyre an incredible company. Theyre -- they have also a passion around carbon capture and around doing the things that they need to do to also become carbon neutral. And I want to point out, in all the partnerships that weve developed so far, all the partnerships have been with people who share our vision and our commitment that this is -- has to create value for our shareholders, but its also the right thing to do for our operations and for the world. All of these guys share the same thing. United Airlines, who is partnering with us too to build this direct air capture, they share the same vision that we do. Theyre committed to become carbon neutral. So, selecting Worley and having them on board with the commitment that they have and to get the FEED study done, thats going to be a significant milestone for us. And were hoping to get that done by 2022. And then, the construction beyond that would take about 18 months to two years. But were very confident in the -- that the technology will work because every part of the direct air capture is being used in some way somewhere. And as I think I said on the last earnings call, one of the key things thats needed in there as a part of it is that potassium hydroxide, which we use a lot of anyway. And so, were familiar with what we need to use. Were familiar with the pieces and parts. And I have confidence that our team in working with Worley to work out the details. Well do the same thing that weve been able to do in Al Hosn where that was a very complex facility that we built there. And I know I belabored this probably too much, but that was incredibly impressive to build a facility out the middle of the desk at that huge and the sulfur recovery units that are a part of Al Hosn were very, very unique and different. And I dont think there are any that are that large and anywhere else in the world. But, we working with our partners, ADNOC, were able to make that work right off the bat without any kind of glitch. And not only made it work, but we were able to expand it by 30% with just an incremental $10 million off of the $10 billion that it took to build it. So, our major projects team knows how to build things. Worley is very, very experienced and knowledgeable. I think between the two of us, our team and them, I think we have a great chance to build with this first one. And the first one is always more costly than the next ones to come because we -- you learn a lot from it. But, I believe well learn a lot from building this first one and making it as efficient as we can be and then learning as we get it online, how to make it even more efficient.
Rob Peterson: Yes. And Brian, I would just add for order of magnitude, that first DAC train, I think you described would capture 1 million tons annually, which is about 5% of what we sequester annually in the EOR business today.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Two questions. First I think is for Rob. Rob, when Im looking at your presentation, in terms of the cash flow priority, Im actually surprised that you put retiring the preferred equity at the bottom, given its actually pretty high 2.8%. So, just wondering that why that would not be a higher priority for you to retire such a high coupon debt to some degree, I mean, even though you start deferred equity from our standpoint, its no different than the debt. So, maybe that you can elaborate a little bit of the thinking. Secondly, back on your page 15, I think, you gave some data about the Permian, 11 rigs that youre going to run and the number of wells. And since thats including the yield out now, so can you break it down, the number of rigs that is related to the unconventional and the number of wells that youre going to come on stream? And in terms of the trajectory, is that a pretty steady program, variable throughout the year, or that is more heavy bottom, or that is early heavy or that is bottom heavy in terms of the program? Thank you.
Jeff Alvarez: Paul, this is Jeff. Ill answer your second one first because I think that one is probably a little more straightforward. So, to answer your question, it does conceptually include Permian EOR, now that were guiding those two businesses together. But I can tell you, there arent any drilling rigs in Permian EOR plan for this year. And as for trajectory, its -- I would say, its relatively flat except -- Q1s got a few -- its not a huge difference, but a little bit, fewer wells coming on than you do in Q2, 3 and 4, and thats just because of the ramp-up trajectory. So, if you look back, we averaged two rigs in the third quarter of 20, 5 rigs in the fourth quarter of 20, and then now were going to average about 12 rigs in Q1. So, when you just think about that trajectory and how the wells online lag that, it makes sense for Q1 to be a little bit lighter, but its -- theres not a huge difference between those. And Ill let Rob take your first one.
Rob Peterson: Hey Paul. So, yes, so looking at the slides, you do see that the preferred equity is at the bottom of the slide. Frankly, obviously, were focused on the top two pieces of the project list right now. As it relates to the Berkshire, so the way the agreement works is that in order to retire principal, we would have to have at least a $4 per share common distribution over a 12-month period to open up and on a one-for-one basis down on the Berkshire preferred principal. And so certainly, we dont foresee that type of distribution on the common in the near-term future to open it up. To do anything outside of that would require an agreement with Berkshire in order to make a reduction in the actual principal in the near term. Its not that were not aware of the fact that our ability to source capital is well below the coupon rate today, but we dont have the ability to force that upon the situation as we sit today.
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Boyd of Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Dan Boyd: So, I just want to follow up with a few questions on the mission targets and the carbon capture business. So, just first, can you maybe give us an update or a review of your existing pipeline infrastructure and your ability to capture revenue from just the 45Q tax credits and sequestering carbon? And sort of as we think about, I think youve made comments, Vicki, about revenue from your carbon business matching your oil business in a couple of decades from now. How big does -- how big of a role is directly our capture versus using your existing infrastructure?
Vicki Hollub: Our plan is to use both. As you may know, we have the largest infrastructure of any CO2 enhanced oil recovery in the world in the Permian. We have the pipelines that we need to move the CO2 around to wherever we need it to go and for our own fields. We also have the gas processing plants and the supporting infrastructure for those plants and the pipelines. So, thats why when we think about how to maximize and continue to develop the EOR reserves, thats our preference. And as Ive mentioned in -- when I was going through the time line, the deal that we made with White Energy, theyre an ethanol company. So they have two plants in the Permian Basin, and theyre -- not in the Permian Basin, Im sorry. They have two plants in Texas. And their plants are not too far from a pipeline that will get that CO2 to our infrastructure in the Permian. So, thats why we did the deal with them. Weve also teamed up with a cement plant in Colorado to do the same thing, and that plant there will tie into a pipeline that we have coming from Southern Colorado all the way down to the Permian. So, well be getting CO2 from that plant into the pipeline and to our EOR operations in the Permian. So, its that infrastructure that were trying to definitely take advantage of. But, the really good thing about the direct air capture and the thing that some people have missed is you can put direct air capture anywhere because you dont need to put it where the pollution is because the winds balance the concentration of CO2 around the world. So, what we can do with the direct air capture is put it right close to the facility or the reservoir that we want to put it into. Thats why it makes us possible to have direct air capture in the Permian and the DJ, the Powder River, Oman and ultimately, and hopefully in Algeria too. So, we can put it anywhere we want. And this creates opportunities way beyond the Permian. We wanted to prove it up in the Permian because that is the best place for -- almost in the world for enhanced oil recovery. The utilization of the CO2 is best there. And so, weve got a good option, good opportunity to maximize our infrastructure. Nobody else has the scale that we do and the size that we do and the opportunity that we have. So, were very, very excited about it. And we do believe that over the next 5 to 10 years that the benefits of our low carbon business will equal our chemical business. And then, as you said, ultimately, its going to be as profitable and deliver as much as our oil and gas business does.
Dan Boyd: Okay. Thats very helpful. My follow-up would be, as we look at your goal of being carbon-neutral, can you talk about how much of that reduction comes from direct air capture? And how that ties in with getting companies like United to come in as a partner? And presumably, youre talking to companies such as Amazon and the like of those that want to lower their carbon footprint. How do you share those carbon credits as you get others to come in and fund the facility cost?
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I think its -- the direct air capture is going to be a huge part of our future to do this. Were going to continue the other partnerships that we consider the services agreements with others to help them have a place to send their carbon from their facilities, from their plants or industry. But were -- Im most excited about the direct air capture because of where we can put it, and the maritime industry, the airline industry, the tech industry. Were having conversations with companies from all of those industries. And the thing that we really need to have in place and what were working on too is to ensure that we have -- that there is a way and a certified process to track the CO2 molecule from the reservoir to its end use. And as that matures, then were going to be able to ensure that as we build these partnerships that the partners we have will be able to take full credit for what their investment should provide them while we do the same. But, its all going to be associated with either anthropogenic from industry or direct air capture. And I believe, over time, direct air capture will be a bigger percentage of what we do.
Dan Boyd: I hate to be greedy on my first conference call with you, but just my last one is just on the cost competitiveness and the cost curve of direct air capture, recognizing its still early days. But, I get a lot of pushback on just the cost of -- and the need for very high tax credits to make this economic. But, can you talk about where you think the cost curve can be three to five years from now as you start to build these facilities?
Vicki Hollub: I think, its not going to take very long for us to get this to the point where the tax credits are going to be necessary. Its just like solar and wind. I can tell you that I hear the most negative comments from those who have a reason to say that solar and wind are profitable today, a direct air capture never will be. Reality is, theres never been a commercial plant built that -- where you can optimize the process like were going to do. We do expect -- as I said earlier, the first plant will be the most expensive, but I dont believe its going to take very many plants for us to build to get it to the point where it is economical and does not need the credits. Initially, we do need the credit, but were very close to being in a position to -- for the credits to go away, we believe. Because of the fact that were -- if you couple direct air capture with an oil reservoir and you dont have to build a pipeline to take it very far, youve already there optimized the cost of the initial bill and the ability to get it in place and make it operate. And every component in the direct air capture is working somewhere. So, its a matter of just putting the components together and getting them to be more efficient. I believe, like any new technology, that the cost definitely will come down. How quickly it will come down I think is going to be driven by the expertise, experience, commitment and drive of those working on it. I can tell you our team in Worley, the reason we selected them is because they clearly have a vision on how to make this work, and theyre committed to it as our team. And so, I have high confidence that over time and not too long a time within the second or third unit, were going to have it down to the level where credits are not going to be needed. Thats why were very confident that we can expand this to other areas internationally.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeanine Wai of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai: Our first plan -- our first question is on the 2021 plan and kind of what that might mean for an early peak for 22. Leverage improvement is pretty significant this year and on the 21 completions trajectory in the amount that you have. Does it include a ramp into year-end to get ready for maybe modest corporate or corporate oil growth in 2022, if prices werent, or is the plan next year to instead get back to a more meaningful base event or is able just to do both? I think, in Pauls question, you might have said the Permian TILs were maybe a little bit ratable 2Q. 4Q, but were just trying to figure out if theres any kind of completion CapEx in there to get ready for 22.
Jeff Alvarez: Let me start, Jeanine, and then Rob and Vicki can jump in on the back end. So, obviously, Q1 production is lower than the average for the year. So, there is -- 2, 3, 4 is going to be higher than Q1, partly because of the storm and then partly just because of how we started up our development program late in the year and how that flows through. But, I wouldnt think of it as some continually increasing trajectory heading into 2022. It doesnt necessarily look like that. Its -- every quarter, it will be a little different. But definitely, the back three quarters are higher than the first one. I think, as Vicki said, were not driving towards growth for 2022. Our cash flow priorities remain intact. Were very focused on deleveraging -- generating free cash flow from the business that we can use to continue that pace and move that forward as fast as we can.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thats very helpful. For the Permian on sustaining CapEx, how do you anticipate that the area mix will change over the next few years? And can that $1.2 billion in CapEx, can that hold the Permian flat over, say, like a three to five-year time period as the Midland JV carry runs out? I know theres some gross net issues with some of the TIL guidance this year, but how do you anticipate that $1.2 billion being sustainable?
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. I mean, you mentioned a couple of points there, and let me hit on them. So, like the Midland Basin JV, its very helpful from a capital intensity standpoint. If you look at that, where the 750 carry or through, weve still got a little more than 600 left on that. So that will get us through at least another couple of years from a capital efficiency standpoint. If you asked us to guess where were going to be, its difficult to do that because I wouldnt have expected would be as low as where we are today three years ago when we were doing this business as the teams continue to get better. And just as an example, our capital intensity in the resources business will be half this year of what it was two years ago. And thats in a year where were ramping up capital, so usually that works the opposite way. So, our teams continue to get better and better. So, while I would hate to guess on what thats going to be, it wouldnt surprise me to see it be a little bit higher than a $1.2 billion three or four years from now, but I wouldnt expect a meaningful change from that number to hold our Permian Basin flat. I think, youll get puts and takes. Our decline continues to come down, as you saw the corporate decline going from 25% to 22%. Thats largely driven by our improvements in our unconventional businesses, both in Permian resources going from 37 to 33. Also in the Rockies, thats coming down to about 33. So, I continue to expect that to improve a bit. And as the teams get better and better, that should also help with that capital intensity going forward. So, I guess, the short answer is, it could go up a little bit, but I wouldnt expect a huge change over the next few years.
Operator: The next question comes from Raphal DuBois of Societe Generale. Please go ahead with your question.
Raphal DuBois: The first one is about your hedging for crude oil. I was a bit surprised not to see a new slide on this in your presentation package. Could you please remind us what is your position on hedging? And can you confirm that you didnt take further position in Q4? Thank you.
Rob Peterson: Thanks, Raphal. So, just historically, the Company is not one thats regularly engaged in hedging, preferring to realize the prices over the cycle, that delivers the most to shareholders. But we did, to your point, with our increased leverage, take on an oil hedge in 2020 that had a collar in 2020, but then it also had a call provision in 2021. So, the only thing remaining from that oil hedge is the call provision in 2021. We have put in place, as the slide deck shows, slide 20, natural gas hedges for 530 million standard cubic per day as of 12/31 with a value between $2.50 and $3.64 on a costless basis, similar to a costless basis we had on the hedge on oil last year. Theres no extending call option though on the gas side. We continue to evaluate additional hedges, particularly on the oil side on a regular basis. We evaluate the cost of doing so versus not doing so. As you can imagine, we do a pure put. Its still fairly expensive, despite the improvement in price, and a costless type collar hedge is going to require both the cap in the current year in addition to the one we have hanging others today last years hedge, extending one into 2022. And so, when we look at the -- we moved the debt maturities down quite a bit in the near term, which is somewhat of a hedge against downturns in the business in the near term. We also know that shareholders appreciate our heavy exposure, leverage to oil price. And so, we have not put something in place as of now, but were going to kind of continue to evaluate them and see if theyre going to be constructive in the future.
Raphal DuBois: Thats very helpful. Thank you. My second question is, have you quantified, if any, one-off cost for restarting your wells in Texas after the cold wave? And same question about your clinical division. Did you quantify any financial implications of the cold wave for this division?
Vicki Hollub: We have not yet quantified the cost of either one, the oil and gas restart or the chemicals. Were still in the -- as I think we put out. Weve got 90% of our production back on, the chemicals in the oil and gas. The chemicals business is still starting up some of their facilities, but its going to take us a little while to get to the end of this to quantify the cost. But, the good thing is we see no permanent damage with anything. And the wells are starting back and looking very good.
Operator: And the last questioner today will be Phil Gresh with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: First one here is just on the capital budget for this year. I think, in the past, Jeff, youve talked about for every $10 a barrel, there could be potentially 10% inflation risk. And I know that the CapEx guidance uses the $40 WTI price. So, Im curious, what are you seeing on inflation? And if something were to pick up later in the year, is the priority to maintain the production if it requires raising the CapEx a bit for the inflation, or would you be more inclined to stick hard to the 2 times budget? Thank you.
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. I mean the point you raised, Phil, is true. I mean weve seen that both flexing up and down generally as a pretty good guide for us with that $10 change in commodity price. We see that type of inflation, deflation. Whats a little different this time, and you guys are looking at it really closely, most of the time in the past, changes in oil price correlated with changes in activity. And so, this time, as you know, weve seen a pretty strong run-up in commodity price lately. We havent seen the correlative activity change that we historically see with that. And so, really, when you kind of layer down where a lot of the inflationary pressures come from, its from changes in activity and the need for resources and so on. So, this time, looks a little bit different. Were not seeing huge inflationary pressures yet. Of course, theres parts of the market that are driven by housing starts, more than they are, a number of frac crews running and things like that. And so, you get little puts and takes. And what we do know and what we see, we have built into the budget. So, it wasnt absent of any of that, but it was largely poured on a lower price environment. But, we dont expect with what we see at least right now, that number to have to change materially for inflationary reasons, a little early in the year. But at least with what weve seen right now, we dont expect that to change.
Phil Gresh: Okay, got it. And my follow-up was just along the lines of Jeanines question. You touched upon the Permian. But, I was curious because some of the other areas, Gulf of Mexico, DJ also, the implication of what sustaining CapEx for those businesses are is quite low relative to history. So, I was just curious if you had any additional color on those other lines of business and what the implication would be for go forward sustaining capital beyond 21. I know on past calls, you havent really wanted to comment too much beyond 2021 yet, but just anything else you could share there would be interesting. Thank you.
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. I mean, Id say the same thing. So, I mean, the GoM is interesting. And so, let me hit on that one first. I mean, you see what its capital is this year. I think its --if we looked at that over a long period of time, as you know, its capital tends to be a little more lumpy. It comes in bigger chunks than it does in the Permian or DJ because one well doesnt just cost a few million dollars. Theres much more that goes with that, and theres tieback costs and things like that. So, if I was going to characterize the GoM, I mean as you know, our strategy is generally around high-return tiebacks. The teams have been super successful with what theyve been doing. And I think Vicki hit on the first two wells that they drilled, the Oxy Drilling Dynamics are coming in at cost 35% less than where they were in 2019. So, thats really going to help when you look at sustaining capital, and were having good success delineating new reservoirs around our platforms. So, a lot of good things happening there. But to explicitly answer your question, if you looked over a five-year period, I would expect the sustaining capital to be higher than the number that we have this year. It may be a couple of hundred million in a given year higher than what we have this year. But its, again, not a huge difference from where we are this year, but probably a bit higher over a five-year period. When you look at the DJ, its probably similar to what we said on the Permian. Again, the performance improvements are making -- I know we talk about this a lot, but I am astonished at all our businesses and what theyre doing. And lets look at the Rockies. You look at their rig release to rig release time in the fourth quarter, for the two rigs they ran, it was 4.3 days. That was 27% better than what it was in 2019, and thats in a restart period. So, again, theyre doing really, really well. Same thing on our EOR business, one we dont talk a lot about, they pulled over $350 million out of their OpEx last year. And that largely is sustainable this year. So, you look at those things and all of those kind of benefits are going to flow through to the sustaining capital as we look a few years out. So, for DJ, Id give a very similar answer, and it could be a little bit higher than what were seeing this year just because of the number of DUCs we brought in this year, but its not going to be a huge material change. So, we feel pretty confident with our 2.9%, maybe a little bit higher, if youre in a much higher commodity price world for a longer period of time, but we dont see a change in 30%, 40%, that kind of thing. We feel pretty confident about that for the next few years.
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks.
Vicki Hollub: Id just like to say thank you all for your questions and for joining our call. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-10 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Occidental Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Neil Backhouse, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Neil Backhouse: Thank you, Grant. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidentals third quarter 2020 conference call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Ken Dillon, President, International Oil and Gas Operations. This morning, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this morning. Ill now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Neil, and good morning, everyone. Our accomplishments in the third quarter including our continued operational excellence, progress in executing divestitures and successful extension of our debt maturities, have notably improved our financial position and provided us with a running room necessary to strengthen our balance sheet. The cost reduction measures we implemented earlier this year, combined with the early completion of our overhead and OpEx synergies, continued to bear fruit, as evidenced by the almost $1.4 billion of free cash flow generated in the third quarter. The synergies and savings we previously detailed are now embedded in our ongoing operations, and we expect to continue benefiting from our enhanced cost structure going forward. We are equipped to quickly adapt any future potential commodity crises while being positioned to leverage the benefits of future uplifts. This morning, Ill provide updates on our divestiture progress, as well as our plans for increased activity, as we lay the groundwork to stabilize our production. Rob will cover our financial results and current guidance and runway we have created for de-leveraging. Our third quarter free cash flow generation was driven by the strong performance of our businesses and diligent attention to margin preservation, continuing to reflect our focus on operational excellence. Our oil and gas operating costs of $6.04 per BOE and domestic operating costs of $5.38 per BOE demonstrate the lasting impact of our cost reduction measures as our domestic operating costs were significantly below our original expectations for this year. All our businesses delivered strong operational performance in the third quarter. We exceeded our production guidance with lower-than-expected operating and capital costs for the quarter. Production from continuing operations of 1.24 million BOE per day exceeded the midpoint of guidance by 12,000 BOE per day, despite an unusual number of named storms, resulting in higher-than-expected production downtime in the Gulf of Mexico. Excluding the incremental impact from the storm, we would have achieved the high end of our production guidance. Our operational outperformance was primarily driven by strong well performance and continued improvements in operability in Permian Resources. While we ran a lower than normal development activity set in the third quarter, our teams have continued to advance their understanding of the subsurface and are constantly applying newly acquired knowledge to improve our well and completion designs. In the Texas Delaware, our team broke another Oxy record by bringing our Companys best Permian well online in the Silvertip area, which is a former Anadarko acreage. This is just one of the latest examples of how we are leveraging the combined strengths of our assets and abilities to better position ourselves for a success, as macro conditions improve. In a moment, Ill touch on our plans to ramp up activity, but want to talk -- take this opportunity to reiterate that we will retain a high degree of flexibility with our capital plans, allowing us to adapt to a changing macro environment. This flexibility combined with our best-in-class operational results and leadership as a low-cost operator will continue to be a competitive advantage. With the closing of the mineral and surface acreage in Wyoming, Colorado and Utah, and reaching an agreement to sell our onshore assets in Colombia, we are on track to exceed the 2-plus-billion-dollar target that we set for 2020. We have now closed or announced almost $8 billion of asset divestitures, net of taxes, since the close of the Anadarko acquisition. At the time of the acquisition, we established a $10 billion to $15 billion asset divestiture target to be completed within 12 to 24 months after close of the acquisition. 15 months later, we are closing in on the lower end of our original target, despite 2020 possibly being the worst market for asset divestitures in the history of our industry. We are targeting an additional $2 billion to $3 billion of assets sales to be announced in 2020, or in the first half of 2021. With the completion of these additional divestitures, we will have met our divestiture targets in less than 24 months from acquisition close. As weve said before, we will balance divestiture timing with value realization and will not sacrifice value to close transactions quickly. While we continuously review our portfolio to ensure we have the optimal mix of attributes, including free cash flow generation and capital efficiency and low decline, meeting our original divestiture target of at least $10 billion will mark the completion of asset sales on a large scale. The proceeds from our expected asset sales will continue to be applied towards debt reduction. These additional asset divestitures will be impactful in reducing debt and strengthening our balance sheet. We do recognize we must go further in reducing debt. Once our large scale divestiture program is complete, debt reduction will be primarily driven by the utilization of free cash flow to meet debt maturities. Our Permian Resources team delivered another record-setting quarter. As Ive mentioned, our Texas Delaware team broken Oxy Permian record in the third quarter, by bringing in Silvertip well on and hit a peak 24-hour rate of over 9,000 BOE per day. In New Mexico, our team set a new completion pumping time record of over 20 hours per day for a three-well pad, while our Midland Basin team set a new Permian-wide record by drilling over 7,500 feet in a single day. The wells in the Silvertip section where the record wells completed were brought online with an average total well cost that achieved our synergy target for Texas Delaware well cost reduction. These savings were achieved despite the wells being drilled before our full cost reductions were implemented. We expect to continue lowering costs, based on our current drilling performance and future savings on hookups. Our other business units are also lowering D&C costs through design optimization, efficiency improvements, and collaboration with our vendors. Operational excellence means more than just consistently delivering strong well results. Safely delivering superior well results along with consistently improving operability while driving down operating costs are the bedrock of our operating philosophy, and then what we define as operational excellence. Our operating philosophy is instilled in our teams, continuously striving for improvement. This is evidenced by the impressive progress our DJ Basin team has made in reducing downtime by 78% from the third quarter of 2019 to the third quarter of 2020. And our Midland Basin teams commitment to continuously lower operating costs which are now below $5 per BOE. After a modest resumption of activity in the third quarter, we plan to increase activity more meaningfully in the fourth quarter and add two rigs in each of the Texas, Delaware, New Mexico and DJ Basin. We restarted activity with our JV partner, Ecopetrol in the Midland Basin by running two rigs in the third quarter. And in the Gulf of Mexico, we returned the drillships to work in early October. The return to a more normalized activity set will be achieved within our full year 2020 capital budget of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion. Although we drastically reduced activity earlier this year, our proven development expertise remains intact. As we increase activity, we will maximize operating efficiencies to sustain production and maintain our industry-leading capital intensity. Ill now hand the call over to Rob, who will walk you through our financial results and current guidance and runway to deleveraging.
Rob Peterson: Thanks, Vicki. Turning to slide eight. In the third quarter, we announced an adjusted loss of $0.84 and a reported loss of $4.07 per diluted share. Difference between our adjusted and reported results is primarily due to $3.1 billion of after-tax losses, accounting for the fair value declines in the unit price of WES compared to the book value and related to the carrying value of assets divested during the quarter. As mentioned on the last earnings call, charter related acquisitions are now de minimis. And the third quarter cash payment of approximately $115 million is expected to be the last sizable acquisition-related payment. Our operational excellence, repositioned cost structure, capital discipline enabled us to generate $1.4 billion of free cash flow before working capital and exit September with $1.9 billion of unrestricted cash on the balance sheet. This represents our highest level of free cash flow in the quarter since 2011 and reflects Oxys cash generating potential, even in a lower commodity price environment. Our overhead costs remained low, and were approximately $400 million in the quarter. We continue to demonstrate our commitment to capital discipline, spending less than $215 million of CapEx in the first quarter, more than 35% below our guidance. As we return to more normalized development activity set, we do not expect capital levels to remain at this level going forward and are pleased with how dynamic and flexible we can be with our capital spending. Our enhanced liquidity position, ability to generate cash and success in leveling our debt maturity profile, have resulted in our improved financial position. As a result, our debt maturity profile has been derisked to the point that we made a decision to pay the preferred dividend in cash on October 15th. Our Board of Directors will continue to review the preferred dividend payment method on a quarterly basis. As we continue to manage and review our liquidity and debt maturity profile, we view the non-cash payment options to preferred dividend at the level we have the option of pulling, but only if necessary on a temporary basis. We want our shareholders to know that our preferred position is to pay preferred dividend in cash, when possible, to preserve the value of our shareholders holdings. Further derisk our cash flow profile, we implemented a natural gas hedging program for 2021. We had a costless collar with a floor of $2.50, we hedged 530 million cubic feet per day, representing almost 40% of our domestic gas production. We continue to approach hedging on an opportunistic basis and may consider additional oil and gas hedges for future years. In setting our production guidance for the fourth quarter, we have excluded approximately 33,000 BOEs per day associated with Colombia and will report the assets as a continuing operation until the transaction closes, which we expect later this quarter. We expect fourth quarter production will be sequentially lower than the third quarter due to the combination of scheduled maintenance, additional weather impacts in the Gulf of Mexico as well as declining wedge and base production across many of our assets. Although the decline across our asset base has begun to level off. As we restore development activity, at a minimum, we intend to stabilize our 2021 average production at 2020 fourth quarter levels. This will require increasing capital spending in the fourth quarter as we add rigs and frac through across our highest return assets. Our current production base case assumption is that well sustain 2021 production at our fourth quarter level of capital spending of approximately $2.9 billion, and we continue to evaluate our options considering the recent commodity price volatility. We expect our overhead and operating costs will remain low in the fourth quarter. Domestic operating costs will marginally increase in support of our continued return to normal operating conditions. Our full year 2020 domestic operating costs are still expected to be more than 20% lower than our original 2020 guidance on a BOE basis. The process we began in July to smooth out our debt maturity profile, provides us with the running room necessary to maximize value from our divestiture program, at a pace that reflects current market conditions. To date, we have extended $5 billion maturities due in 2021 to 2023 by 5 to 10 years. We have also resumed our deleveraging efforts, starting with the exchange of a percentage of our WES LP units in return for the retirement of a $260 million note. In early October, we called the August 21 floating rate note and repaid more than $1 billion of the term loan. In summary, including the term loan repayment, we have moved up $5.2 billion of 2021 maturities, $721 million of 2022 maturities and $52 million of 2023 maturities. This leaves us with $1.1 billion remaining 2021 maturities, of which only $350 million will remain non-callable by early next year as we allocate proceeds from asset sales to retiring debt. Accounting for debt repayments subsequent to September 30th, our debt balance is approximately $1.3 billion lower than it was at the end of the third quarter, and we still expect to receive the proceeds from Colombia transaction during the fourth quarter. Our liquidity position remains robust, and our financial position profile continues to improve. We recently entered into a new receivable securitization facility that will provide us with approximately $375 million of additional liquidity. Our $5 billion credit facility remains undrawn with no letter of credit outstanding, and we had approximately $1.9 billion unrestricted cash available on September 30th. I am confident we have taken the steps to succeed in this current environment. And I expect our differentiators, combined with our low-carbon strategy, will drive success thats sustainably long into the future. I will now turn the call back over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: While much has changed during this pandemic for our Company and our industry, the quality of our asset base and the skills of our teams will support our success as we move into 2021 and beyond. Well continue to apply and build our knowledge, continuously improve our track record of operational excellence. While our development activity has slowed down in recent months, our teams have worked diligently to further advance our development technologies and technical operations to ensure we emerge from this challenge, stronger than before. We still have work to do, but the foundation has been laid for us to further improve our balance sheet as we exploit our portfolio of world-class assets. The innovation and ingenuity of our workforce, combined with our differentiated low-carbon strategy will drive our success and sustainability long into the future. Before we turn to the Q&A section of our call, Id like to announce that we have set a target to reach net-zero emissions associated with our operations before 2040 and an ambition to achieve net-zero emissions associated with the use of our products by 2050. Through the work Oxy Low Carbon Ventures, we expect our leadership in developing innovative technologies and services for carbon capture and sequestration will also help others achieve their net-zero goals, extending our impact well beyond our own emissions footprint. More detailed information will be available in our climate report, which we intend to release by the end of the month. Ill now open the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Devin McDermott: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So, the first one I wanted to ask is on some of the near-term strength -- or strength in the quarter, I should say, in your U.S. onshore production, particularly in Permian Resources. And you called out some of the increased uptime within the portfolio is one of the drivers there. I know, thats an opportunity that you all talked about really since the closing of the Anadarko transaction. And I guess, the question is, can you talk about where you are more specifically in terms of uptime across the U.S. onshore portfolio, what the difference is between kind of legacy Oxy versus legacy Anadarko, and how we should think about the size of the opportunity here for further improvement in your base production from improved uptime?
Vicki Hollub: Okay. On our onshore operations, part of the opportunity for us to further increase our uptime was associated with some of the WES infrastructure where we have done some things to improve working with the WES organization. Weve done some things to improve the operability, one of which was to just start working the electrical system so that when storms do occur as they occur frequently in the Permian Basin, in particular, that the electrical infrastructure was such that we could easily identify issues as they occur and address them and ultimately start to isolate them so that we could, number one, lower the number of wells that -- and volume of production thats impacted any given issue or scenario, and then to also try to ensure that besides isolation of issues that we could get to the wells and get them up sooner. So, thats been one thing. Its just working the facilities to have more reliability around the infrastructure. And secondly, its the operability in terms of making sure that our prioritization and reaction to wells down and facilities down was optimized and that we were focusing on the things that really matter the most. Then, the third thing was ensuring that when were out getting the wells on that were doing it in the most efficient way possible. So, I think that onshore, we made significant progress. And we called out the DJ Basin where theyve made tremendous progress. And progress has also been made in the legacy Anadarko areas within the Permian too. On the Oxy side, we didnt have a high downtime. So, the downtime that weve worked has been mostly associated with legacy Anadarko, and the teams have done a great job to address it. I dont know that we have a lot more upside, but every time I say that, I get kind of fooled on that. Our team responds. But, I think, the uptime in the areas that we focused on has increased significantly, and the remaining is in those areas where weve had to do some more work. Its just were scheduling out over time to ensure that we can get the hardening, like for the electrical system, done and done in the right way. So, there will be a little bit more. But, I think, weve probably seen the bulk of that.
Devin McDermott: Got it, great. That makes sense. And my second question is on the low-carbon strategy and really building on some of your closing remarks, Vicki. And Oxy has been a leader on this front within the U.S. industry I think for a while now. And its good to see that even through this downturn youve been able to advance some of the low-carbon goals. And in the slide deck, you have some additional detail on the direct air capture plant that youre planning in the Permian Basin. And I was wondering if you could talk in a little bit more detail about the return profile for these types of investments, given youre able to offset some of the CO2 that you need within your enhanced oil recovery business, theres cost savings there; the amount of capital spend; and then I guess importantly as well the scalability of this over time that you see within your business.
Vicki Hollub: Thanks for the question, Devin. As you mentioned, we have been a leader in this. Were very committed to this and excited about it because this for us is a win-win-win. This not only helps us to help the world by reducing CO2 out of the atmosphere, it will help our shareholders too by lowering our cost of enhanced oil recovery in the Permian and in other places as we advance this out. And thirdly, this helps others because were going to be able to expand beyond our own operations to give opportunities to those industries that cant otherwise lower their carbon footprint, they can partner with us to do it. So, what weve done is, we formed a subsidiary called 1PointFive. And 1PointFive is a partnership and company formed between Oxy Low Carbon Ventures and Rusheen Capital. And we formed that to ensure that we have the best possible way to deploy large-scale direct air capture using carbon engineering technology, but to do it in a way that provided others the opportunity to invest, and minimizes the actual dollars that we spend because of what weve invested thus far. And what we bring to the table for this kind of project is the floor space. We bring the floor space thats going to be required for the ultimate sequestration of the CO2, and we bring the infrastructure. Nobody has an infrastructure the size of the infrastructure that we have in the Permian. So, its extensive, and its going to be key to helping us develop this and to do it at a cost that delivers returns for Oxy, Rusheen and the other investors who want to come in and be a part of this. So, were very, very excited about it. Ill point out that were beginning this in the Permian, where well build the largest direct air capture facility thats currently anywhere in the world. But our use of this, we expect to go beyond the Permian. We expect to go from the Permian, the Powder River, DJ and ultimately internationally. So, its something that is going to become, we believe, a significant business for Oxy over the next few years. And in 10 to 15 years, we expect that the cash flow and earnings from a business of this type could be similar or more than what we get from the chemicals business. This is something that the world needs without us pushing it, without others doing this, theres no way that the world could achieve a cap on global warming of 1.5 or 2 degrees. So, its something that has to happen, needs to happen. But, unless you can make it a business, unless you can make it profitable, its likely not to happen. So, our teams have been very strategic with this and innovative in the way theyve approached it. And certainly, the passage of 45Q was a big step for us to be able to make this happen in a way that will enable us to over time improve the technology, lower the cost and operating efficiency, so that this becomes ultimately profitable without tax incentives, and so just like solar and wind has done in the past. So, we are excited about it and expect it to take off. And so for us, the 2021 investment in terms of capital from Oxy would be minimal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai: Hi. Good morning, everyone. This is Jeanine Wai. Thanks for having me on the call. My first question is for Rob on working capital, and my second question is on the Permian. So, Rob, on the working capital front, we noticed that there is a meaningful draw of about $829 million during the quarter. Can you walk us through some of the moving pieces of that? And how you see working capital trending in 4Q?
Rob Peterson: Sure, Jeanine. Thanks for the question. There is really three big pieces that drove the significant working capital draw in the quarter. Number one is combination of cash interest payments. Majority of our cash interest payments come due the first and the third quarters. So, that was a big piece of it. Another piece was acquisition-related payments that were processed. And then, finally was just the timing of international crude sales in our marketing business. So, as we move forward, we do expect the marketing to improve as we reduce inventories towards the end of the year, certainly be a lower amount of the cash interest payments associated in the fourth quarter. And we wont have the associated acquisition-related payments that drove a big piece that will happen in Q3. Directionally, we would expect a significant change in direction on working capital in Q4.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thank you. Thats very helpful. My follow-up or my second question on the Permian. In the prepared remarks, you mentioned retaining flexibility to respond to the macro environment, and youre getting a nice head start on activity in the Permian and the DJ heading into year-end. So, can you just comment on how you see the production trajectory throughout 2021? Given the time lag I guess between complete drilling and completions and getting things online, could the Permian flatten out in Q1 and then return to growth as early as Q2? Thank you.
Vicki Hollub: Its really hard to tell at this point because our teams are continuing to improve deliverability from the wells. So, a lot of it will depend on when we can actually get the wells on. Weve got some frac crews already working with us now, so. And were setting records actually. So, Id say currently, its going better than expected. But, whether well be flat or up in Q1, I think, is a little too early for us to tell right now as we resume higher activity levels.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning. Vicki, just curious that youre talking about the sustaining CapEx, $2.9 billion and actual CapEx is going to be different, based on the market conditions. Can you frame it for us that say if the oil prices is at a much higher level, what is the maximum ceiling of CapEx is going to look like, and that I guess, the minimum that if the oil price is really bad? And whether that the oil price is the only -- or that the strip price is the only factor that you look at, or there are other fact that you are going to take that into consideration? And for Rob, along that line, your capital accrue is over $700 million in this year, the use of cash. How that is going to trend in the fourth quarter and more importantly in 2021. In other words that the net investment, is that going to be much lower than what is your capital budget?
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Paul, with respect to your question on the capital, we would view $2.9 billion, our sustaining capital to be a maximum capital for 2021, even if prices are higher than we expect. And, we take more into account than just strip oil prices. We look at whats driving the oil prices and what is the sustainability. For example, while some may have thought a quarter or so ago that prices by the -- by this time would be higher than -- much higher than $40. I heard people talking about that. We never believe that because we were looking very closely at the fundamentals and whats happening around the world with inventories and demand and things like that. So were very cautious about just basing our program on strip prices and/or what some might say they believe about near-term prices. So, we will go into 2021 conservatively. Well recommend to the Board a capital that would allow us to balance cash flows coming in. And so, if that ends up resulting in a scenario where we can recommend sustaining capital to the Board, well do that. If not, if were going to be in a scenario where we need to be lower than that, then thats something that well discuss with the Board. But certainly, you can view the $2.9 billion as a cap. And our flexibility that we were talking about was to flex down, if necessary, just as we did in 2020. And you saw the magnitude of flexing -- of how we can flex down. And its always easier to decrease activity than to do a last minute increase in activity. And one of the things thats important to us is to allow the teams to ramp up activity in a safe, efficient way and doing it in a planned way, as we have been, gives our teams the chance to be successful as they have been. Theyve brought rigs on and achieved the same efficiencies that we had when we ramp down. And its a credit to them and the way they plan and the way they work and the way they try to ensure that as theyre bringing activity back up, if they first and foremost, do it safely; and secondly, dont lose efficiency in the process. And thats almost unheard of in our industry to have a major shutdown and then to start bringing rigs back online and having this kind of efficiency that were seeing from our teams now. So, were really, really happy with that. But, the reality is that we will spend within our 2.4 to 2.6 budget this year with this increased activity, and then well see if we can reach the cap of $2.9 billion in 2021.
Paul Cheng: Vicki, can I just follow-up on that? Some of your competitors that because of the natural gas outlook, have decided to shift the CapEx more to the gas well from the oil. Is that something that you will consider, or that you think that is still Permian is your best asset?
Vicki Hollub: Well, Permian is still our best asset and our other oil assets around the world. We dont have any intention at this point to do any gas and build investment -- pure gas and build investment in the U.S. And our gas assets that we very much value, Al Hosn and Dolphin in the Middle East are important to us but we wouldnt do -- there is nothing new investments that we need to make in those at this point. So certainly, our investment dollars will go to oil.
Rob Peterson: And Paul, just to close out on your capital accrual question. Your intuition I think in your question is spot on, and so, you can actually see in the capital accrual in the third quarter, which is slightly positive. As activity levels pick up, the capital accrual will reverse itself from what it did when we sharply reduced activity coming out of the first quarter. So, your intuition is correct on that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. I guess, -- good morning, Vicki. Its a follow-up to Pauls question. So, theres a lot of feedback or questions coming in about the fact that your capital is $600 million at midpoint in Q4, and youre still obviously facing a very significant year-over-year decline. And my guess is, its a momentum issue, its a timing issue of when that capital is being spent. But, can you just give the market some confidence that the $2.9 billion is viable for your level of production, because it does leave you with the most capital-efficient portfolio in the industry by some margin. I just want to get some understanding as to how you -- what your confidence level is in that.
Vicki Hollub: We have high confidence that well achieve that because were looking at the efficiencies that our teams are achieving on the capital efficiency side and also the well deliverability. So, at this point, we do have high confidence that well meet our sustaining production with the $2.9 billion.
Doug Leggate: So, just for clarification, youve got some downtime from the Gulf of Mexico in Q4. So, what is the sustaining oil number that goes along with that?
Vicki Hollub: So, the production volume that we average for Q4 is going to be the number that we try to sustain into 2021. Weve taken into account the downtime for maintenance.
Doug Leggate: Right. So, what is that number?
Vicki Hollub: Are we guiding to that number?
Rob Peterson: No.
Vicki Hollub: No.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Its worth a try. Last one for me then. What is the sustaining capital breakeven oil price? It used to be $40 with a $2.8 billion, $2.9 billion dividend. When you net all the synergies and so on together, what do you think your breakeven oil price is today in sustaining capital? And, Ill leave it there. Thanks.
Vicki Hollub: Today, were well below $40 in our sustaining -- or in our breakeven capital. But, its well below $40. When you talk about breakeven capital, if youre looking at it on a quarterly basis, the well below $40 is because of our current level of CapEx, which is below sustaining. So, going into 2021, we would expect to be in the high-30s in terms of breakeven price before the payment of the preferred.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Singer...
Vicki Hollub: I would say -- yes. And before Brian, could I hold you up just a second? The other thing I should have told Doug, I know Ill get a chance to talk to him again on Thursday, is that -- but that also depends on your assumptions for midstream and Oxy can. And those are critical to be considered when were talking about what our breakevens will be. Okay. Brian?
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: Thank you, and good morning. I wanted to further follow up on the maintenance capital, the $2.9 billion. Is that a maintenance capital solely to keep 2021 production flat at fourth quarter 20 levels, or do you see that as a sustainable maintenance capital? And, do you expect that this will fully replace that reserves, i.e., production replacement would be 100%, or would your reserve life be coming down, even as your production stays flat?
Vicki Hollub: The sustaining capital, this is a sustaining capital for 2021. Well have to look at 2022 when we get there. But, 2022 will be dependent on the efficiencies that we build in 2021 and the deliverability of the program that were developing. And so, well look at that more starting in midpoint of 2021. So, well be able to provide you something more on that as we get closer to the 2022 program. Whats happening to it now and whats both, exciting but creates a little bit of an uncertainty is the more we learn about the Anadarko assets, for example, the Silvertip area is really delivering incredible results for us. And then, the record-setting well there was a record -- it broke Oxys record for the Permian Basin. And so, now that is our record. And so, as we continue to improve well deliverability, well just have to look at what it means for our sustaining capital going forward.
Brian Singer: Great, thanks. And then, my follow-up is about a three-part question with regards to the new carbon ventures. The first is, and I think you compared earlier in the call the potential contribution to what the petrochemical business is delivering now. And I wondered whether that makes the petrochemical business less strategic or a greater candidate for asset sale. You mentioned the direct air capture. Is that the main technology that you were looking to deploy, or are you considering others? And then, what is the extent of further cost reduction, scale and the timing for when you think that a plant like the one that youre planning here to start investing in 2022 can be returns-enhancing in the absence of government incentives, which makes sense that thats a key goal?
Vicki Hollub: Okay. Ill begin with the comment about OxyChem. No, this would not replace OxyChem. It wouldnt make OxyChem something that we would want to divest because our OxyChem business really is very synergistic with what were trying to do in Oxy low-carbon ventures. And in fact, some of the OxyChem employees are associated with the development of this direct air capture. Because one of the two things about the direct share capture facility is that, one, it uses a lot of PVC, which OxyChem makes or uses the -- provides the products to make. Second thing is that potassium hydroxide is a chemical thats used in the direct air capture process, and were the
Rob Peterson: Largest in the country.
Vicki Hollub: Largest in the country.
Rob Peterson: Second largest in the world.
Vicki Hollub: Second largest in the world with respect to potassium hydroxide. So, there is a lot of synergies. And weve known this all along, and we want to capitalize on this. We believe there will be even more synergies into the future for OxyChem with us on that. So, thats important. The second question was -- so there was a second and third question. The third question was with respect to lowering costs even further. The second question was -- oh, the third was the -- are the technologies feasible, how quickly can we get them to the point where they can make money without government subsidies? Ill say that what Im seeing from the strength of the teams here is were combining Oxy oil and gas people with OxyChem people to work this facility. And remember now, Ken is running our major projects team. That team partnered with ADNOC to build the largest ultra sour gas processing plant in the world in the middle of a desert where were at the peak of construction. We had to build a city to house the 40,000 people that had to be on-site to build that plant. We built it to have a capacity of 1 billion -- 1 Bcf a day. And now, theyve expanded that plant. We firstly put it on without any glitches whatsoever. And it came on at capacity, no glitches, no safety incidents. And weve now expanded the capacity by 30% with only about a $10 million investment, and thats incredibly impressive. So, combined that skill, again, expanding it by 30% and ultra sour largest gas plant in the world, they combine that expertise with our OxyChem expertise who understand this process very, very well and are experts at it, and so, that along with the innovation of carbon engineering. And while we dont know yet exactly what the first plant will cost, but I guarantee that the first plant will -- from that plant, we will continue to optimize. And I think, the curve the pace of improvement for the direct air capture facility would be faster than what weve seen in solar and wind. I expect that. And Ken, do you have something to add?
Ken Dillon: Yes. One observation is, these are -- the DACs consist of four existing technologies bolted together, where we are world leaders in terms of the chemical. In terms of the scale-up opportunities and the process and densification, we already see massive opportunities in process and densification, simply based on the value engineering work the teams have done so far. So, we are incredibly optimistic that not only can we get the process and densification results required but scale up opportunities also. And one thing to remember is, these can go anywhere. But, thats one of the beauties of them.
Rob Peterson: I think that portability of the DAC value is that as you can imagine, the transportation and compression of the CO2 molecule is not inexpensive infrastructure. So, now you can move the infrastructure to the reservoir and collect it from the air. And I think, underlying it, why we believe it will be commercially viable long term is because in order to achieve the 1.5 degree goal, it cant simply be done through emission reduction. We firmly believe it has to be done through the capture and sequestration or capturing usage of CO2 to make that goal a reality. And I think, what differentiates Oxys approach to this is, we also believe that fossil fuel will have a role in the energy portfolio of the world long term. And this is a way to take the carbon footprint of those fossil fuels, keep them part of the portfolio and still generate a low, neutral, even negative carbon fossil fuel molecule.
Vicki Hollub: Exactly. And Rob, thats what differentiates us from others because if you look at what the Europeans are doing to lower their carbon intensity, the carbon footprint, they are getting into alternatives, into renewables. And so, we are doing a contrarian approach and that we believe that in using our core competence of CO2 enhanced oil recovery expertise is the best way to go, rather than trying to go learn a new business. And in fact, to Robs point about how much this is needed in the world and why its going to be a huge industry going forward is that right now, globally, theres only 40 million metric tons of CO2 per year thats sequestered or used. And if you look at what the IEA model says about whats going to be needed, whats going to be needed is anywhere from 5.6 billion metric tons to 10.4 billion metric tons. So, thats up to -- thats going to be more than 250 times what were doing today is going to be needed in the future. And so, thats going to make this business incredibly important. The IEA model is not the only one thats calling for this level of carbon capture and sequestration for us to be able to cap global warming at 1.5 to 2 degrees. Almost -- in fact, I have not seen a model that didnt say that significant carbon capture was going to be required. The other thing about this carbon capture too is that when you look at it, it does the same thing. The equipment does the same thing as trees, but it requires -- its a much smaller footprint on the planet earth. Its much smaller. So, while I love trees and we need trees, carbon capture is important. I think Robs point is huge in that we can put this anywhere. And what was kind of holding us up previously is that our first -- when we first started thinking about this 10 years ago, we thought wed have to put carbon capture facilities on industrial sites. And getting the CO2 thats captured from the industrial site to the Permian was a challenge. And so, we were trying to figure out how do we build the pipeline or how do we do that. And were going to do some of that. Some of that will happen because the industries along the Gulf Coast and other hubs where theres a lot of CO2 emissions, they need to put either direct air capture there or somewhere or capture on their facilities. So, with respect to what other technologies are we thinking about, we had already signed an agreement with Wide Energy to carbon capture on an ethanol plant. So, thats one thing that we will be doing to help them. But, if you put direct air capture in the Permian, its still going to help the emissions in the Gulf Coast because generally, the emissions around the world balance out over time. So, as Rob said, we can put it when were done with the initial installations in the Permian, the DJ and the Powder, we can put it in Oman; we can put it in Abu Dhabi; we can put it in Algeria. So we can do it anywhere we are, and/or at partners facilities.
Rob Peterson: Hey Brian, I dont think we caught the last part of your question. I just want to make sure that we address it and we answer there.
Brian Singer: I dont know that. Can you still hear me?
Rob Peterson: Yes.
Brian Singer: Okay, great. I think you said when you just mentioned that you were considering some other technologies like ethanol or putting CO2 in ethanol. It was whether you were pursuing other opportunities beyond direct air capture.
Rob Peterson: Yes. We obviously have the Wide Energy project, which is an ethanol capture in Texas. Were doing already that well capture from the CO2 emissions from the Wide Energys ethanol facilities. And well take those into the Permian for use in EOR.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phil Gresh with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: Hi. Yes. Good morning. First question, Vicki, you had mentioned not having additional major asset sales beyond the $2 billion to $3 billion that youre talking about, looking out to early 2021. I guess, we should presume then that something like chemicals probably would be off the table at this point in time. And just more broadly, once you achieve those asset sales and with the cash flow that you expect to generate in the fourth quarter in 2021, where do you think your leverage will be relative to where you want to ultimately get it to?
Vicki Hollub: I think, that its going to take more than what weve said with respect to the divestitures thats happening now and next year, and more than cash flow from Q4 of 2021 to get us to where we need to be. I do believe prices will be much healthier in 2022. And thats where well start to balance our cash flow with respect to using it for -- to meet our maturities and to advance maturity -- pay off early maturities where we can. We intend to ensure that our focus is on getting our leverage down. And well have -- well just have to see where prices are at that time, where cash flow is at that time. But, its still well into early 2022, at least, our cash flow priorities will remain the same, where first the priority is to maintain our reduction and our base facilities; second is debt reduction. So, the debt reduction will be the second priority for a good while now, I think.
Phil Gresh: Okay. And then, second question, maybe Ill just glue two together real quick. One was a clarification on your high-30s WTI breakeven to cover sustaining CapEx. You made a comment about midstream and chemicals. Is it fair to assume that perhaps youre using fourth quarter run rate for both of those businesses as the assumption there? And then, my second actual question would be just your production mix in the quarter in the Permian or DJ. Was a bit gassier here, lower oil mix in general? So, anything you could provide there as to the driver of that and how you expect that to play out? Thanks.
Vicki Hollub: Id expect that the gas oil ratio with the continuing development program would be more stable. This decline -- this increase -- the slight increase in gas is partly due to the fact that we werent adding new production. During this time, our wedge production was so much lower than what it would normally be. So, we dont expect that this is going to be an ongoing issue for us. With respect to the assumption of what OxyChem and Midstream will be, we havent guided to that. But, were optimistic about how the chemicals business is going to look next year, depending on the COVID situation. And so, were not guiding anything right now. But, we do believe that there is going to be progress made. We just dont know what the timing will be. And, when that happens, we believe the chemicals business is going to do that back pretty well from this.
Operator: Our next question will come from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes. Hello. Good morning. I guess, I kind of wanted to follow-up on Phils question there on thinking about the deleveraging and specifically the chart on page 15. And youve done a good job so far of taking the dates out, extending maturities and so forth. And I was just curious, as you look at the 22 debt thats there, should we expect you to start attacking that in 21 in terms of some opportunities to extend the maturities there and not simply face a $4 billion wall of debt on top of some of the smaller maturities left in 21?
Rob Peterson: Yes. Roger, good question. And absolutely, I think, well continue to take a very thoughtful approach towards the management of debt between timing of divestitures and proceeds from the balance sheet and attacking those. And so, it certainly wouldnt be surprising for us to access the market again at some point and start moving those out in a similar way that we did in the third quarter with the $5 billion in raises that we did. Were trying to be very thoughtful about those access to market when its opportunistic for the Company to do so, and then also, looking at -- continuing that runway for us so that we can get the best value for our divestitures. And, weve done a good job now to make sure that as we approach the divestitures, were not in a position where we have to do under a specific time frame. And well continue to give the Company that leeway, and so that we can get the best value for the divestitures as they occur. So, absolutely, well be not waiting until the last moment to address the 22 maturities.
Roger Read: Okay. I appreciate that. Follow-up question, Gulf of Mexico, since thats I think your largest federal holdings exposure, I know youre not in the exploration mode out there, I dont think hardly anyone is. But I was just curious, as you look at drilling permits in hand, how a potential change in administration, like whats your visibility for drilling wells in 21 and say 22 relative to permit availability?
Vicki Hollub: So, Roger, our belief around whats happening or what will happen with respect to the regulatory environment is first of all, we dont think that its going to be the highest priority of the administration as they take over and start executing their plans. I believe that theres going to be other things that are much more urgent for President -- soon-to-be President, Biden, to take on. So, I dont -- we dont expect any near-term impact on either Gulf of Mexico permitting or anything onshore. We believe this gives us time to start working with his staff. And, weve always stayed engaged with the EPA and the BLM, and we have great relationships with them. And so, what we want to do is we want to be a part of the solution to what theyre going to need to do to meet the needs of their constituency. And that is, I know theyre going to want more regulations; I know theyre going to want a deeper focus on permitting and where the permits are, whats happening, what is the safety of whats happening and whats the impact on the environment. And I think, this is an opportunity for us to be collaborative, like we always are. I think, our Company has developed this as a core competence that because of some of the areas that weve operated in around the world, if you look back, I hate to mention country names, so Ill hold it, but we had previously worked in some very, very challenging countries where collaboration, lots of patience but persistence is really required to help get to the point thats reasonable for both the Company and wherever were operating. And here, well use the same thing. We know that the BLM has a lot of great people. Theyve been very helpful as weve gone through our developments, both offshore and onshore U.S. And so, we know the competency of the people there. And that part of it wont change. Well just be aggressive in the way we address it.
Rob Peterson: And I think, also on that too, what I would add is, in addition to the relationships that weve built over in the history of working 100 years as a company with the federal -- different administrations is from a pure holding standpoint, were in very good shape, even with a different approach. Were the largest leaseholder in the Gulf of Mexico. With respect to the onshore, which is -- since we have 1.6 million acres that are on federal land, have onshore have in the Gulf within the APC Delaware stuff and none of that is on federal lands that we purchased; from the biggest onshore exposures in the Powder River Basin, where we have very little activity. And in the case of New Mexico, we have well over 200 permits already in hand and a couple of hundred permits in the works. And so, we have a significant drilling inventory in New Mexico already.
Ken Dillon: One thing Id like to add is operational excellence really helps when youre seeking permits, so you want to have discussions with the government in any country in the world. And this year, our GoM operations teams really carried out exceptional work in the most active storm season on record. Weve improved safety results while managing COVID and demanning and remanning the platforms multiple times. And again, like Vicki said earlier, domestically, the process engineers have managed to improve uptime in one installation by 12%. And that should lead to about $40 million worth of cash flow next year, having spent almost nothing to do it. So, a really top-class achievement. And the last thing Id like to mention is the supply chain teams, which have helped to significantly reduce spread rates, using alliances, which we think are win-wins for us and the contractors going forward.
Operator: This will conclude our question-and-answer session, in the interest of time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks.
Vicki Hollub: I just want to say thanks to all of you for joining our call today. We appreciate it. And have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-11 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - BofA Securities, Inc. Jeanine Wai - Barclays Capital, Inc. Neal Dingmann - Truist Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Paul Y. Cheng - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc. Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Leo Mariani - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Occidental's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's second quarter 2020 conference call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this morning. I will now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. On our first quarter earnings call, we outlined the cost reduction measures implemented across our company to adapt to the immediate crisis of the pandemic and to the ensuing market volatility. I'm pleased to be able to say that compared to a few months ago, our financial position has notably improved as we are currently free cash flow-positive and expect to generate significant free cash flow over the remainder of this year thanks to the relentless efforts of our teams as well as the moderate recovery in commodity prices. We're determined to build upon this progress, ever mindful that COVID-19 remains a threat to the global economy, the demand for the products we produce and to the health and safety of our employees and their families. We continue to manage our employees as carefully as possible through this health threat. To ensure that we continue to be positioned for success through this cycle, we're permanently embedding many of the implemented cost reductions into our repositioned cost structure. This morning, I will provide updates on our base management optimization progress, the pathway to and capital required to sustain our production and our cash flow priorities. Rob will cover our financial results, current guidance and debt management progress. Turning to our second quarter results. Our business has outperformed expectations despite a slowdown in activity. Production from continuing operations of 1.4 million Boe per day exceeded the midpoint of guidance by 36,000 Boe per day. Our outperformance was primarily driven by our consistent focus on efficiency, increased uptime and base management. Operability remains high across our oil and gas operations and we reduced downtime across the legacy Anadarko acreage faster than originally planned. To maximize the economic benefit from our existing base production, we have increased production by debottlenecking surface infrastructure, mitigating decline and reducing operating costs. We are employing remote surveillance processes, utilizing artificial intelligence to further enhance our predictive maintenance schedules, optimizing artificial lift systems, tying-in additional wells to centralize gas lift and reducing back pressure throughout our gathering systems and facilities. In the Permian, we also continued to lower our water handling expenses by increasing utilization of the WES infrastructure. Domestically, our midstream and marketing business has consistently and reliably delivered our products to market at times when other operators may have curtailed their production. The close integration of our upstream and midstream businesses enabled us to shut-in less production than originally planned. For the second quarter, shut-ins averaged about 29,000 Boe per day of which approximately half were OPEC plus-related. Shut-ins peaked in May at approximately 47,000 Boe per day. We have now brought back online a majority of the domestic production that was shut-in for economic reasons with no detrimental impact to well performance across our portfolio. We accomplished this with total oil and gas operating costs of $5.27 per Boe and domestic operating costs of $4.69 per Boe, significantly exceeding our guidance of $6.25 per Boe. Although a portion of the significant cost reduction relates to deferral of activity, we expect our repositioned cost base to lower full year operating costs on a Boe basis by over 15% compared to our original 2020 guidance as we maintain lower operating costs in the second half of the year even with declining production. Our teams are continuing to deliver exceptional operational results as they deliver better than expected production at lower than expected cost. This quarter, we achieved our combined overhead synergy and cost reduction goal by decreasing our overhead cost to below $400 million. On an annualized basis, we have fully realized $1.5 billion of total overhead savings versus our original synergies target of $900 million. We exceeded our original cost synergy targets and delivered these savings in less than a year after the close of the acquisition, a full year ahead of our original two-year plan. We expect that more than 90% of the additional cost savings will remain permanent in future years. We also reduced our operating cost by $800 million which is an additional $600 million more than our synergy target of $200 million. We expect more than two-thirds of the additional operating cost savings will be permanent even as we return to normalized activity levels. Our capital spending was below $400 million in the quarter, demonstrating our agility and adapting to changing circumstances. We're committed to spending within our 2020 full year capital budget of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion and intend to moderately increase drilling and completion activities in the third and fourth quarters. We are restarting activity with our JV partner in the Midland basin and will be running two rigs there by the end of the third quarter. We're pleased to be continuing this development with Ecopetrol whose an excellent partner for us. In the DJ Basin, we will begin completing a select group of high-return drilled but uncompleted wells. We will also selectively resume activity across other assets including completing key development sections in Permian Resources within Greater Sand Dunes and Silvertip during the fourth quarter. In the Gulf of Mexico, we're restarting our drillship that was idled earlier in the year. As all of our businesses continue to outperform, they have also stayed true to our core value of safety for all. This includes all of our people in our operations, our employees, our contractors and the public. Recently, our OxyChem and Gulf of Mexico teams demonstrated their safety commitment by setting a new all-time safety record for their operations, joining others in our company who have also accomplished record-setting safety performances. We're proud of them all. In the second quarter, we continued to execute on our divestiture program. In June, we closed the sale of our Greater Natural Buttes asset in Utah. Although the asset accounted for 33,000 Boe per day in the second quarter, the cash flow impact from the sale is immaterial as the asset did not generate cash or income with gas prices below $2.50 per Mcf. While our Rockies production will now be lower this year, the remaining barrels are higher margin. We remain highly confident in closing over $2 billion of divestitures in 2020 and will close divestitures in excess of that amount over time. As we've said before, we will balance divestiture timing with value realization and will not sacrifice value just to close transactions quickly. During this downturn, base management proficiency has become increasingly important and maybe best described as multiple small actions compounding and having a sizable impact on the long-term decline rate. The actions we're taking today may not be highly visible within the quarter but remain an effective way to mitigate our decline rate over time, expand margins and minimize the growth wedge needed in future periods. As an example, we set new uptime records in New Mexico, the DJ Basin and on the Lucius platform by automating more processes where possible. We're applying these learning across all of our portfolio. Earlier this year, we swiftly and decisively maximized liquidity by lowering our capital budget and repositioning our cost base while maintaining the integrity of our assets. Some of the near-term actions we took were activity-based which will cause our production to decline through the rest of the year. However, our asset base retains its full potential which will enable us to stabilize our production through the allocation of capital to our highest return barrels. We expect approximately $2.9 billion of capital will be required to sustain production from our 2020 fourth quarter rate. At this capital spending level, we could keep production flat at approximately $40 WTI. This is a significant reduction from the sustaining capital of $3.9 billion we previously communicated for 2021 and is a testament to the progress we've made in stripping cost out of the business. The optimized capital activity in the second half of 2020 will help serve as a bridge to build momentum into 2021 as we thoughtfully ramp up activity. Our teams continue to optimize development plans to safely extract more value for less cost. Our approach to stabilizing production will involve exercising capital discipline by spending within cash flow and selectively allocating capital. We do not intend to grow production until we have significantly reduced debt and we view the long-term price of WTI to be sustainable at higher levels than where the current curve indicates. In any eventual growth scenario, we expect that annual production growth will be less than the 5% per year that we've previously stated. While our desire is to at least stabilize production next year, our 2021 capital budget will depend on what market conditions are indicating when we rollout the budget in the fourth quarter. We'll communicate our full 2021 capital budget in our future earnings calls. On our cash flow priorities slide, we have updated the framework for how we will prioritize capital allocation and excess cash flow going forward. As we move towards 2021, our top priorities are to stabilize and maintain our low-cost base production and to further de-lever. We intend to return to a position where we have the ability to deliver solid returns and again distribute more capital to shareholders with the support of a strengthened balance sheet. I'll now hand the call over to Rob who will walk you through our financial results, revised guidance and debt management progress.
Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks, Vicki. Turning to slide 9. In the second quarter, we announced an adjusted loss of $1.76 per diluted share and a reported loss of $9.12 per diluted share. The difference between adjusted and reported results is primarily due to $6.6 billion of after-tax impairments related to the decline in oil prices which is at the lower end of the $6 billion to $9 billion estimate we communicated in June. Additionally, we have incurred approximately $100 million of debt charges including $149 million in acquisition-related transaction costs which was partially offset by a gain on pension and curtailments. Our commitment to capital discipline and liquidity preservation was evident as we exited June with approximately the same cash balance we reported for April 30. We reduced our capital spending to $375 million, more than 20% below our second quarter guidance. Our progress in reducing costs was equally impressive as we reduced overhead below $400 million in the second quarter and decreased our oil and gas OpEx by more than 40% versus the prior quarter. Contributions and new ideas our teams identified to reduce cost and quickly adapt to a low commodity price environment is just one example of how dynamic and nimble our company is. Including the amount expensed in 2019, we have now expensed approximately $1.9 billion in total acquisition-related costs. We do not anticipate incurring additional material acquisition-related expenses this year. In the second quarter, we had cash outlays of approximately $125 million related to these expenses, bringing the total including the amount paid in 2019 to $1.8 billion. For the remainder of 2020, we expect to incur acquisition-related cash outflows of approximately $150 million. We restored our guidance and cash flow sensitivities for the second half of 2020, but we continue to have a cautious outlook as the macroeconomic environment remains uncertain. In approaching our production guidance for the third quarter and full year 2020, we have taken into account a number of factors including a loss of 33,000 Boe per day associated with the divested GNB asset. Third quarter production will also be lower due to a combination of scheduled maintenance and seasonal contingencies for weather in the Gulf of Mexico, the impact of higher prices on production-sharing contracts, selective ethane rejection in DJ Basin and declining wedge and base production across all our assets. We expect third and fourth quarter production shut-ins to average approximately 20,000 Boe per day due almost entirely to OPEC plus production restrictions. As a testament to the strength of our base management cost reduction programs, our full year 2020 production guidance remains in line with the guidance midpoint we've communicated in our March 25 press release while our capital budget is expected to be $300 million less adjusting for Algeria and GNB. Our full year 2020 production guidance also reflects the outperformance from our business in the second quarter as higher than expected production essentially absorbed the OPEC plus restriction. A breakdown of our third and fourth quarter production guidance is available in the appendix of the earnings slides. We expect our production change from 2Q to our 3Q guidance will be greater than our base decline. This is due to the timing of activity and bringing wells online which impacts the size of the wedge especially over a period where activity changed significantly. We are pleased that our annual base decline rate of only 25% remains intact despite significant reduction in our operating cost. As a higher decline of our wedge production from newer wells naturally tapers off, the overall corporate decline will level out as demonstrated by the difference between our third and fourth quarter production guidance. The $2 billion in notes issuance and tender offer we completed in July are a key part of our effort to address near-term debt maturities. Leveling our debt maturity profile will allow us to continue our divestiture program at a pace that reflects current market conditions without sacrificing value. We continue to focus on generating as much value and cash as possible from divestitures, and our expectation of raising over $2 billion in 2020 remains in place. As we work towards closing these additional divestitures, we continue to take significant steps to preserve liquidity; for example, the payment of preferred dividend and common shares in lieu of cash in the second quarter. As a result of our cash preservation efforts, our liquidity position remains robust. Today, our $5 billion credit facility remains undrawn with no letters of credit outstanding and we have approximately $750 million of unrestricted cash available as of July 31. I will now turn the call back over to Vicki.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Rob. Looking forward, I'm confident in Oxy's continued success. We have one of the highest-quality asset bases of any company in our industry with a competitive advantage in the areas we operate due to our scale and unique operating and development expertise. Applying this expertise to our diverse portfolio provided us the optionality to manage through this crisis. We will continue to optimize our costs and capital allocation across our portfolio with high-return short-cycle opportunities. This will enable us to maneuver through the near-term volatility, facilitate profitable free cash flow growth in a normalized commodity price environment, enhance our ability to de-lever and generate substantial free cash flow in a higher-priced environment. We have taken these steps to succeed during this transition period and we expect our differentiators combined with our low carbon strategy to drive our success and sustainability long into the future. We'll now open the call for your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Good morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Appreciate the greater color with regards to the maintenance scenario and you talked about not wanting to really invest for growth until the balance sheet is sufficiently de-levered. Can you add some greater color on what commodity environment and leverage would you deploy the maintenance scenario that you talked about here versus something more or something less?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Well, what we're looking at as we go forward is our debt reduction combined with our cash flow from operations. So the driver for us is to first of all ensure that we have the liquidity to go forward so we have the ability to meet our maturities. And then the second is to ensure that as we're processing through our asset sales that we're preserving the cash flow needed to enable us to do the things that we need to do, sustaining capital. And ultimately, when we get to the point where we see that that balance has turned for us where we have a lower cost structure that enables us still to meet our maturities with cash flow from operations, that's the point at which we would start to consider the next level down on the cash flow priorities which is growth after the dividend. So it'll be first the maintenance, second debt reduction, then sustainable dividend and then growth.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And is it fair to say that at current commodity prices you would want to be in that maintenance mode or would you be in sub-maintenance mode?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: It really depends. We intend to, if we're within cash flow, to sustain our production, so that's the intent. And in 2021, with such a low sustainability capital required, we do expect to be in that mode at least.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. And then my follow-up is with regards to the asset sale targets. The Greater Natural Butte sale brought in $69 million. Your goal is $2 billion-plus. Can you just give us any color on how that's progressing? And then if there's any broad range when you talk about the $2 billion-plus of the EBITDA, how much EBITDA you would expect will be given up to achieve that target?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Well, first of all, I'll say we're on track with our asset divestitures. It's going well. We reported in the last earnings call that we had just completed round one of the land grant process, and in that process we got 13 bidders. We had commented that we expected with the process that we would be able to close on the land grant acquisition in the third quarter or fourth quarter, it being late third or early fourth quarter. We're still on schedule for that. And the update on the progress there is that after the first round, we went through and evaluated those bids. Then we finished the second round in the second week of July. Now we have selected a bidder to proceed with and we're working on due diligence and the purchase and sale agreement with the bidder that we selected. So the longer timeline for this divestiture is due to the meticulous work that really goes into a deal with so many different parts and of such size. But we're on progress there and I do expect that we'll get the $2 billion-plus divested by the end of this year. We also expect another $2 billion to $3 billion of divestitures in the first half of next year. And some of the things that's driving the timing there is that while we've had some companies that have tried to be opportunistic with us in terms of our divestitures and tried to get our assets at a discount, we've discarded those and moved to the more serious bidders. And some of the more serious bidders are working diligently on our divestitures, but the problem they're having is putting their model in place and getting more comfortable with what the pricing environment will look like. Fortunately, these more serious companies that we're dealing with now have a much stronger and longer-term view of oil prices. So we're confident about the additional asset sales and expect to more than achieve the lower end of our target of $10 billion.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Hey, Brian. This is Jeff. And just for clarity on the GNB sale, we received $87 million in consideration, $67 million upfront, with a $20 million contingent payment based on oil prices just so there's no confusion there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - BofA Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. And Vicki, thanks for the walkthrough on a lot of the progress you've made so far. I guess my first question might be for Rob. And Rob, I'd like to just do a little math with you if that's okay so I understand what you're trying to tell us this morning. So Vicki basically said that you think you can sustain the maintenance capital outlook at $40 oil, but then she also said that you expect to be able to deal with debt maturities from operating cash flow, so I want to take those two data points and look at slide 11. So in 2021, it looks like you've got about $4.5 billion now outstanding; you've got $2.9 billion of sustaining capital, $800 million of preference shares  dividend, assuming that's paid in cash  and then you're seeing a little over $2 billion of disposals. That would get me to a little over $6 billion of operating cash flow at $40 oil. Am I in the ballpark?
Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Well, Doug, we've updated our guidance as you know for the second half of this year and told you to go along with what you've outlined. And so in the case of 2021, we did provide the sustaining capital guidance of the $2.9 billion that Vicki reviewed, holding the production flat in the fourth quarter. And I think what's noteworthy on that is that the last time we provided sustaining guidance as a stand-alone company prior to the acquisition, it was $2.5 billion to hold 715,000 to 730,000 barrels a day of production. That means our 2021 sustaining results in roughly 60% higher production for 2021 with only 15% more CapEx. And so with that said, breakevens going into 2021 are dependent upon more than just oil price including the performance of our midstream and chemical business; whether or not we do, as you said, pay the preferred dividend in cash versus common. And so rolling that all together as part of that fulsome plan for 2021 that Vicki mentioned that we would put together as the year goes along, and in the later part of the year have that reviewed with our board of directors and ultimately make that available to the market on what we think our breakeven number is for 2021.
Doug Leggate - BofA Securities, Inc.: Okay. I understand. Forgive me, there's a part B to my first question but just to be clear. The last time you gave sustaining capital, Rob, was actually $3.9 billion for the combined company. And at that point, with a $2.8 billion dividend and an $800 million pref, the breakeven suggested to the market in the middle of last year was $40 oil. And now obviously production declined a bit since then, but I'm just trying to basically get to the equivalent number that you gave us a year ago which was $40 breakeven with those dividend commitments and so on. So again, I'll try just one more time. So ballpark, at $40 oil what do you think your operating cash flow is?
Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We're not going to guide that today yet, Doug, until we have a whole plan for 2021. But certainly as Vicki indicated, the company's focus is to maintain a breakeven value that's going to be at or below that $40 level.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So I would say just following-up on some of the prior questions on the 2021 maintenance CapEx, can you provide just a little more color on what assumptions are factored into that? I know you mentioned whether you pay the pref in cash versus stock for example. But also in the past, you've mentioned that there's startup costs in year one of returning to maintenance mode and you've realized improvements in your US-based management. So we're just curious on what's embedded in your $2.9 billion estimate on both costs and base declines.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Sure, Jeanine. This is Jeff. I'll take the first stab at that and Vicki and Rob can jump in if I miss anything. So I think, well, we're not prepared to go through business-by-business with the sustaining capital for each one of those, but we will give more color as we rollout the plan for next year. I can add a little bit of color to that. I think one of the important things to understand is while we call that to sustain production, there is between $400 million and $500 million of capital associated with our midstream and chems business. So first thing is you got to strip that out when you think about sustaining capital just to hold production flat. And the thing I'd say is what we've seen is pretty much across all of the businesses, we've seen improvements in sustaining capital primarily driven by driving cost out of the business, the developments get better and better. I mean, I look at  even though we've kind of taken this pause in activity, I've watched our development teams continue to learn from everything they've done and figure out optimal ways where I think all of them are confident we'll have better capital intensity when we restart the program than when we ended the program. Now previously, we have talked about some startup costs. We do think there will be some startup costs. When you bring rigs on, the learning curve will have to take effect. They won't start day 1 or they'll be on day 100. There'll be some facility costs. But what we're seeing is we'll see offsets to those like, for example, areas where we had developments that we thought we're going to have to build more facilities we're seeing decline come in, so you're getting incremental capacity on some of those same facilities and we'll be able to use some centralized infrastructure to take advantage of that. So we largely think the startup cost will be mitigated by some of these other benefits we've seen. So I think when you look at it, I mean, the 25% decline we gave  given the year we're having just as a corporation with lower production than what we previously thought from a growth standpoint, you would expect to see that decline to come down a little bit, so that will also help you. So when you look at all those things, better capital intensity, slightly lower decline across our entire portfolio, we're pretty confident in the sustaining capital we gave.
Jeanine Wai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. That's a lot of nice detail there. Thank you very much. My follow-up is just a quick clarification. That $2.9 billion, that's the whole total Boes flat. Is the number to hold oil flat something similar? And if not, do you have a rough ballpark estimate for that? Thank you.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah. I'd expect it to be very similar to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann of Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann - Truist: Good morning, all. My first question is kind of a tag-on with some of the guys have asked just on asset sales. I'm wondering, first, is there any official  Vicki, I'm just wondering is there any official processes currently going on with any of the properties? And secondly, for 2021, will potential asset sale success, will that dictate sort of what you spend maybe high end, low end CapEx or are they sort of exclusive to a degree?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: So we do have other processes going on, and I think the only other one that's probably more public is the process around Ghana. And so it's still up for sale and we've had a very good conversation with the finance minister in Ghana about that. So that's the one that's more public, but we do have others right now in progress. I will say that though  let me  I would like to clarify one thing. The one that's in Africa that's not up for sale is Algeria. And as I mentioned on our last earnings call, we've taken the strategic direction to make Algeria a core asset for our company. Our teams continue to dive deeper into the data for Algeria, and the more we learn the more excited we get about our future there. We see upside not only in the areas we currently operate but also in expansion areas. Our initial focus will be to maximize the value of the assets we currently have, and to jumpstart that process we've utilized some of our experts from Oman and Houston to support extensive sub-surface reviews. And at the same time, we're taking steps to strengthen our operational capabilities in our joint venture operations with Sonatrach. Of particular importance, I want to highlight that our relationship with the government is excellent and we continue to engage to ensure alignment for the future. To support that, we're also having very productive meetings and working sessions with Sonatrach along with our other partners. We're looking forward to seeing the value we can create for Algeria and our other shareholders. So Algeria is not for sale and wanted to clarify that from the first quarter earnings call.
Neal Dingmann - Truist: Okay. And that sort of leads me to my second question just on the growth for next year. To your point, Vicki, on Algeria and some of these international properties, if prices do continue to rally as they've been, how do you foresee sort of domestic growth or domestic sort of targeting CapEx and growth versus the international? Are they going to be pretty similar as far as if you could see both or will it be much more domestically?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I don't really see us growing next year. I see us optimizing and following our cash flow priorities which is really the maintenance first. And so I expect that, should we get approval from the board, that we would spend the $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion in maintenance capital to keep our production flat for next year as we continue to use all of the available cash to retire debt, to address our maturities. So that's the highest priority for next year. Now we do have, as we go forward, a general pathway to more cash flow, more earnings to start generating a return and to get to a competitive total shareholder return. So we do have things planned beyond next year that will help to increase cash flow without significant additional capital. Part of what we really needed to do to maximize the cash flow that we get out of our operations was, first, to capture the synergies. And as we've outlined in this presentation today, the OpEx and SG&A cost reductions that we've achieved are more than double our synergy targets and we achieved them in less than a year after the close of the acquisition. The second part is I've been talking about here is to divest of the appropriate assets. We're trying to make sure that we balance the divestitures with our cash flow, and so we want to make sure that we're divesting of the appropriate things as we go and that we're preserving all the cash flow that we're going to need for the future. So thus far, we've divested as you know of close to $6 billion of assets. And our divestiture process almost took like a three-month pause in March, April and May when everybody was really dealing with the crisis, and now we're back on track to, as I've said earlier, to achieve the low end of our divestiture range. So first, capture synergies; second, divest of the appropriate assets; and third, is to de-lever. So using the divestitures and any cash flow that's in excess from cash flow from operations while maintaining just a capital spend of the sustaining capital limit, we'll continue to de-lever with proceeds from divestitures and cash flow. And then Rob has been very involved in liquidity management here over the past few months. The funds we raised from the bonds helped us to move out some of the maturities, a little over $500 million into early 2021. So that's really given us some room to make sure that we optimize the timing of our divestitures. Again, as I've said in my script, not to sacrifice value for timing, so we've got some room to make the right decisions around our divestitures. And the third thing that I think that we haven't really talked a lot about but is something that is really important to us is the restoration of our cash flow. And we've started the first huge step to do that, and that's through increased margin from our significant cost reductions. The second way that we'll continue to restore our cash flow is to increase our oil production volumes. But when you talk about growth and ask about growth, the way we need to do that is not necessarily increasing our capital spend but taking on partners to form JVs, just like the one that we did in the Midland basin with Ecopetrol where we're getting carried for a portion of the capital. That's the way we're going to continue to restore cash flow for ourselves without exceeding in the near-term our capital maintenance. So the JVs that we'll be looking at  and first, we wanted to do the divestitures first; that was our highest priority. So now we'll be looking at, as we go along, JVs in our core areas. We're divesting of things that are not core or won't fit within our core in the future. But JVs on our core acreage, and that's in areas that are way further out in terms of development or longer-term inventory. So the JVs will enable us to bring on another wedge of cash flow that will get us to where we need to be to be able to get back to a stronger balance sheet, get back to growth probably sooner than most people are modeling at this point. So  and all of this is to  all the things that we're doing, every step we make, take and every decision we make is around ensuring that ultimately we get back to a stronger balance sheet and that we're breakeven at less than $40.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question. Is it fair to say that you've essentially given up on trying to sell Algeria or is there some chance that that will be revived further down the road?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: It's not that we gave up on selling Algeria. There's a lot of interest in Algeria. It's that as we learned more about Algeria, took that deep dive into it, we believe that those assets there are of such high quality they're going to be very competitive with our domestic assets. We want to be in Algeria. The more we've met with Sonatrach and the more we get to know the government in Algeria, the better we learn the assets, the depositional environment, the operations. We're very committed to Algeria. We've had interest there but we're committed. Algeria is now a core area for Oxy, so Algeria will not be up for sale.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. From the chart showing the breakdown of your 2020 budget, it's pretty clear that low carbon is a de minimis portion of the program. Thinking ahead to next year and the $2.9 billion kind of base number you've mentioned, what would be the role of low carbon in that level of budget?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I'd say that low carbon, just because you don't see the capital on the chart doesn't mean it's not a huge part of our business. We believe that our low carbon venture strategy is going to be  is certainly going to differentiate us from others, and we're very committed to it. There are two things that or three things probably that the Low Carbon Ventures will do for us. The first and foremost thing, the reason we actually formed it, and this has been 10 years in the making, but the reason we formed it is that we needed a way to reduce our cost in our EOR operations. And even in our conventional EOR operations, the biggest driver or one of the two largest drivers of our costs there is CO2 and the cost that it takes electrically to inject our CO2. So electrical cost and CO2 are the two highest costs. For us to further increase our margins as we've been trying really hard to do over the past few years and making a lot of headway there, we're now attacking the EOR business because what we've realized is that our EOR business is going to be critically important for us for the future. It got us up to  it was the foundation of our company as we got up to the shale development, and it's going to continue to be the foundation of our company because not only can we do enhanced oil recovery through CO2 processing in conventional reservoirs, we've now done four pilots in the shale play and we know it's going to be as successful in the shale as it has been in our conventional reservoirs. But what we need to do to ensure that we maximize the margins and get the most value that we can out of it is we need to lower the cost. So the Low Carbon Ventures team has put together a strategy that you're going to hear more about in the coming quarters. But for now, I'll just summarize to say they have worked out a business model that's going to enable us to get CO2 at either very low cost or no cost. And so when you start looking at an EOR project and you can get CO2 for essentially no cost, that's going to dramatically improve the margins of our EOR business in conventional. And we have about 2 billion barrels of resources available in the conventional that we can exploit. And when you take that and you expand it into the shale, that's another probably 2 billion barrels that we can exploit in that as well. So the massive recovery that we can get just by lowering the cost of our CO2 is, in and of itself, a reason to continue our low carbon venture strategy in a very strong way. The second thing about our low carbon venture strategy is that there's a lot of interest in the world now, and thankfully, to lower our CO2 in the atmosphere to reduce the impact on global warming that CO2 has. And if you look at the models that were put together by Stanford, by Columbia, by IEA and others, there's no way to significantly mitigate climate change without further reduction of CO2 from the atmosphere. So the second thing that our LCV business model will do is help to do that. It'll lower CO2 emissions, and that's important for the climate. And we started long ago feeling like that is the right thing to do for the environment. We wanted a lower-cost CO2; that was the primary thing. And secondly, it's good to lower the CO2 in the atmosphere to address climate change. And now the third thing is that we have  there are a lot of investors in the world that are interested in not only helping to invest in things that improve the world versus things that don't. So now, these investors who are interested in and also helping to do these kind of things realize that with the Low Carbon Fuel Standard in California and with 45Q that was passed just a few years ago, we're now able to provide revenue from this business model that we're creating. So it turns into a very safe, low-risk steady stream of revenue for investors. And so this checks three boxes for us and it's so critically important that we view this to be one day we'll certainly generate, we believe, significant cash flow for our company as well. So not only improving the economics of our EOR in conventional and ultimately shale, we're doing the right thing that'll help the world and we're going to get a revenue and cash flow stream from it.
Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: And Pavel, I would add to that too is related  you asked a question also about the capital and the budget. I don't want you to just think about the things that Vicki just described which are really game-changers for the company as Oxy's contribution solely being cash in those projects. So the 40 years-plus of expertise we have in the EOR business coupled with having certified bore space capable for this EOR-type sequestration is a commodity in itself that is value the company can contribute relative to cash and still maintain a high equity percentage of these projects.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Y. Cheng - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Vicki, you mentioned about currently you already received revenue in the carbon (sic) sequestering. Can you share with us how big is that number right now? And my second question is trying to get a little bit better understanding how from the second to third quarter the drop as you mentioned that is bigger than your underlying decline and seeing that this is the timing of the well. So can you give us a little bit better understanding and color by month the number of well that is going to come on stream so that we can do our model better? Thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I'm sorry. Was your question was the source of the revenue? I didn't hear all of it.
Paul Y. Cheng - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: No. How much is the revenue? How much you generate now on those carbon (sic) sequestering and what's the projection on that?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah. We haven't talked about it externally, but we are today sequestering about I think 20 million tons a year. So we are sequestering today. I don't know off the top of my head what our revenue is for that, but we just now worked with the IRS to get the process in place to start to claim those credits. So probably in the next, in the coming quarters we'll be able to provide you a better estimate of that.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: And Paul, this is Jeff. If I understood your second question, it's cadence of wells coming online for the remainder of the year. Is that what you were looking for?
Paul Y. Cheng - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: That's correct because I couldn't get to why the production dropped so much based on the activity levels that you're mentioning.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Okay. So, yeah, so I guess two questions. Why production dropped from Q2 to Q3? I can talk through that. And then the cadence of activity, I'll hit that. So if you look at Q2 to Q3, I mean, I can walk you through some of the big things that take you from 1.406 million Boe to our current guide. So the first thing is take 33,000 Boe off the top; that's the GNB sale, that's pretty easy. The 25% base decline, we've said that that still looks where we're at. So if you back out from the number before that, you back out the wedge, you take 25%, that's about 75,000 barrels. Maintenance/weather is about 20,000 Boe. E&C impacts and additional OpEx another 15,000 Boe. And then the decline in the wedge we outlined is about 30,000 Boe. And then you take some other things with ethane rejection and you get about another 10,000 Boe. That pretty much gets you to the Q2 number in a relatively straightforward way. So when you look at cadence of wells coming online, on slide 16 we put out what the activity looks like for the second half of the year for both Permian Resources and Rockies. Permian Resources, the well count, our wells online went up about 10 to 15 from what we previously guided. Today, I think we have one frac core and one drilling rig in Permian Resources, so the activity has started there. If you look at the DJ, that's gone up about 40 wells from our last guidance for wells online. That activity really won't start in earnest probably till September or so. So most of those will come on late in the year, but that is  you get some mitigation in Q4, but the majority of the impact is in 2021.
Paul Y. Cheng - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Jeff, in Permian, are those well coming on stream in the second half will be pretty variable or that is going to be second half or more in the fourth quarter?
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: It's probably more heavy to the fourth quarter, for sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Hi. Good morning. First question would just be if we go back to the time of the Anadarko acquisition, you laid out a specific leverage target; I believe it was 2 times at $60 oil. If you think about where we are now and everything that's happened since then, do you have an updated view of what you'd like the leverage target to be and at what price?
Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah, Phil. We've indicated that our intent is to get back to an investment grade, to move back from the high yield to investment grade, and we know that conversation doesn't start until we get below a leverage of 3 times. And so right now, obviously between all the things that Vicki has detailed with regard to divestitures and positioning the business to benefit from all the cost reductions that we've done and then coupling that with an improving overall macro commodity environment to allow the business itself to generate free cash flow to retire and reduce  moving both the numerator and the denominator at the same time in that process, that's our current goal, is to get below 3 times to have that conversation on being investment grade again and then move from there.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And do you have a price deck where you think you could accomplish that based on all the things you've been outlining today?
Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: As far as looking at a price that we accomplished (50:07), obviously the trajectory of that price is going to impact the timing of that. And so that's one part of the equation we can't control, is the trajectory of the price. And so we realize that if it's obviously a sharper increase then the timeline to accomplish that is shorter, and if it continues on in a more moderate pace it's going to take longer to get there than otherwise.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. My follow-up question would just be I guess it's sort of getting at what Doug Leggate was asking about with the outlined $2 billion to $3 billion of asset sales for the first half of 2021 and the free cash flow generation with the sustaining CapEx and implied free cash flow generation you've outlined. Do you believe that those things are sufficient to address the 2022 maturities as well on top of the actions you've already taken for the 2021 maturities? Or just any additional color to help us think through not just 2021 but also 2022 maturities. Thanks.
Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah. And, Phil, I think as Vicki outlined, one of the key things to manage our divestitures is doing them on a timeline that allows us to get the greatest value for those and not being sort of in that fire sale position. And as you highlighted, when you're running these many processes, you do have businesses where there are people that we're willing to close in a more rapid timetable but it's at the expense of our company and ultimately our shareholders in closing those, and we're not going to do that. And so we're not going to create arbitrary deadlines on ourselves. So one way we manage that is not just from the free cash flow of the business but also the capital markets. And so, the recent transaction we did was meaningful in several ways because our prior earnings call was only a few weeks removed from negative price environment in April. We discussed the company was looking at every possible form of liability management at our disposal. But the continuous improvement allowed us ultimately with the improvement in demand and commodity prices to approach the market despite getting probably the two worst days in the month of June to do it with an unsecured debt offering and raising what was intended to be $1.5 billion to $2 billion of unsecured debt on our existing maturities. And as we sit here today, those bonds themselves in a short period of time have rallied to the point to where at close yesterday the 5s were at $1.10, the 7s were over $1.12 and the 10s were over $1.15 and indicative of the strength of those bonds and our ability to probably return to the market when they're open at our discretion and to achieve similar results at a lower price. And so I think the one way we would look at that to manage both the 2022s and beyond and even potentially the 2021s to some extent to give ourselves time for the divestitures on our timeline is returning to the capital markets. And that gives us the time  even looking at 2021 itself where we just did the $2 billion of divestitures that we had outlined for 2020, couple that with a similar size transaction we did in July, that cleared us runway essentially going all the way into 2022 by itself and allows us the time for the free cash flow generation of the business, allows the impact of those cost reductions that we've done, and really goes back to the combination of our underlying thesis from the acquisition that we've now taken the world-class portfolio we have today and coupling it with the operational excellence that we have so that that allows us to make the acquisition work.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning. My first question, I wondered if you could update us on your federal land position, permits in place, percentage of current anticipated Delaware Basin spend that might be directed to the federal acreage assuming no change in government policy. Just sort of what's going on there assuming things stayed the same?
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Sure. So this is Jeff. So I'll take the first run at that. So one thing we did on  you'll see on slide 29, we updated the footnotes with what our federal acreage position is because it came down with the sale of GNB and a couple other things. So we have approximately 1.7 million net acres of federal land, 800,000 onshore, 900,000 offshore. And so if you look at our key development areas, Permian has about 280,000 acres of federal land; the vast majority of that is in New Mexico. None of the former APC development area is on federal land, so pretty clean running room there. And the DJ, it's miniscule; you'll see it's like 40,000 acres, so there's very little in the DJ on federal land as well. So from a permitting standpoint, both in New Mexico and GOM which would be the most exposed to federal land given the question you asked, we've got permits approved that give us running room for the foreseeable future, I mean, at activity rates even at a much higher activity than where we were prior to COVID. We would have plenty of running room of permits that are already approved in both of those areas. Was there another part of your question or did that hit it all?
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: No. Well, that's fine. I guess the only other thing I'd ask that might still be of interest is just if you can disclose at what percentage of current CapEx or the anticipated CapEx in 2021 might be directed to those federal positions.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah. I mean, since we haven't given a CapEx for 2021, for current CapEx, I mean, you could pretty easily take the GOM number that we disclosed. And then of the remaining Permian part which is only a couple $100 million for the rest of the year, I mean, assume that's a quarter of that for New Mexico, so it's a pretty small number.
Operator: Our final question will come from Leo Mariani of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. I was hoping you could talk a little bit on kind of leading-edge well costs in terms of what you're seeing. Obviously, there's been significant cost reductions in the business here that you guys have been able to implement. Could you give us maybe a little bit more color on what you're seeing in terms of kind of completion and drilling and kind of facilities cost kind of all-in on a per well basis in the Permian and the DJ, kind of where they are today versus kind of where they were maybe to start the year on like a per foot basis or something?
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Leo, we haven't updated that since our last disclosure on the last call. The thing I'd tell you is like I mentioned earlier on the call, I do fully expect that capital intensity cost plus the benefits will be better once we start back up. So I do expect those to come down, but the dataset has been so small that it'll almost be misleading to say this went from X to Y just because we've drilled and completed so few wells. But I do fully expect, I mean, they're continuing to make great progress on the operational designs and seeing that. The other thing I'd mention is we previously talked about how much of the capital synergy we captured. I think we said 70% because, again, we only measure capture if we've actually done it, and so it's a small activity set. It's hard to improve that number, but it went up to 80% when we looked this quarter, so they do continue to make progress on the small activity set that we're doing.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: And I'll just add to that that our team, the New Mexico team is working on some really exciting things driven by Thaimar Ramirez who's working hard on trying to further reduce well cost, and there's a lot of collaboration going on there to make that happen. And so I think with the sub-surface team's support and all that's going on there, I think that we're in for exciting news for next year when we do pick up another rig or two maybe.
Leo Mariani - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess just want to follow-up a little bit on the debt reduction initiatives that you guys obviously did a good job kind of talking about, sort of what's underway on the asset sale side. You guys also, of course, are free cash flow-positive. And then lastly, you talked about refinancing some of the nearer-term maturities. Are there any other levers that you guys might consider to kind of accelerate debt paydown not necessarily maybe today? But as you look forward into next year, any other things that you think you might pull out of the toolbox to try to cut debt a little faster here?
Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Leo, obviously, the other ones that aren't in that category right now would be issuing equity or something like that. We did do the warrants. I don't see us pulling that lever as we discussed last time. So I think the combination of the liability management tools that we have from accessing the capital markets, the divestitures and the free cash flow right now we feel like is going to give us a pathway that allows the business model to work.
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I'd just like to say thank you all for your questions and for joining our call. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Occidental's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this morning. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. In the short period since our last earnings call, the actions taken by Saudi Arabia and Russia, as well as the worldwide spread of COVID-19, have pushed oil prices to the lowest level in recent memory and created significant uncertainty with the macro environment. As Oxy adapts to this challenging and evolving market, our thoughts remain, first and foremost, with those who've been impacted by COVID-19, and we hope that this tragic situation passes quickly and that you and your families will be safe through this crisis. We are taking extra precautions to preserve the safety and health of our employees and contractors with minimal disruption to our operations. And before I go any further, I want to express my appreciation to all of the Oxy employees for your focused performance and delivered results despite the stress of the past couple of months. I'll also thank you in advance for the success I know you will achieve as we realign our goals to maximize value through this recovery period. Since mid-March, we have taken a series of decisive financial and operational actions so that Oxy has the resiliency to weather this difficult period. In addition to reducing our capital budget by more than half, we expect to deliver an additional $1.2 billion of overhead and operating expense reductions in 2020. All of our long-term differentiators remain intact and we are well situated for success when market conditions improve. We have the best people in place to leverage our superior assets, and we will continue to deliver outstanding operational results, including our ability to safely and quickly reduce activity in this low price environment while preserving the integrity of our valuable assets. Before I highlight our first quarter results and our efforts to achieve cash flow neutrality in 2020, I would like to welcome Rob Peterson to the earnings call. Rob was named to the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before becoming CFO, Rob served as Senior Vice President of Permian EOR. Since joining Oxy in 1996, Rob has held key leadership positions, including serving as the President of OxyChem. In a few minutes, Rob will cover our financial results, revised guidance and debt management options. Now moving to Slide 4. To survive in this environment, we must continuously deliver best-in-class operational results and be a low-cost operator. In the first quarter, our core business did just that, delivering industry-leading results with lower capital spending and faster time to market. Our Midland Basin team set a Permian Basin record by drilling over 7,300 feet in 1 day. And they did it twice in the quarter. Our Texas Delaware team drilled a 10,000-foot horizontal well in the Silvertip area in 15 days, over 4 days faster than our previous record. In the DJ Basin, we drilled a 10,000-foot horizontal well in under 4 days and reached our lowest average cost per foot for oil drilling during the quarter. We also set a new record for both major frac providers in the Permian with 18 stages fracked in 1 day. These accomplishments completed by different teams demonstrate consistently high performance across all of our businesses. Our midstream business continued to provide flow assurance to deliver our products to market, a differentiator that has become more valuable in the second quarter as the industry faces storage restrictions around the globe. While we are shutting in barrels that had become uneconomic at extremely low price realizations, which Rob will touch on in a few minutes, our midstream business provides us with optionality in routing barrels to obtain more favorable realizations. Turning to divestitures. We did not disclose any additional material transactions in the first quarter as travel restrictions and the falling commodity prices have severely disrupted the market for asset sales. While we remain committed to closing divestitures over time, we will not sacrifice value to close transactions quickly. Given the market condition, we are no longer confident in raising sufficient funds from just divestitures to address all of our near-term debt maturities but have numerous options available, which Rob will highlight. Since acquiring Anadarko, we've been working towards the sale of our Africa assets and previously closed on the sale of Mozambique and South Africa. Over the past few months, Oxy has had several meetings with our partners in Algeria to discuss areas for mutual collaboration. And in April, we decided to continue operating in the country. The Algeria assets have high potential and generate free cash flow at low commodity prices. At the current Brent strip, we expect to generate $100 million of annual free cash flow from Algeria while investing $30 million of capital in 2020. We continue to discuss the sale of our Ghana asset but recognize that this transaction is at increased risk given the current environment. Now moving to Slide 5 and Slide 6. We are taking aggressive action to protect our long-term financial stability and the integrity of our assets. We are lowering cost and moderating activity to achieve cash flow neutrality while maximizing liquidity. Within 4 days of OPEC's failed Vienna meeting, we moved quickly to reduce cash outflows by reducing our SG&A and operating costs beyond our original synergy targets, and we cut our full year 2020 capital budget. Our operating teams immediately launched initiatives to capture an additional $1.2 billion in SG&A and operating cost reductions. This will get us to a $2.3 billion reduction from pro forma 2018, which is more than double our original synergy target. This has lowered our quarterly overhead consisting of SG&A, other operating expenses and exploration overhead to approximately $400 million on a run rate basis and will reduce our operating expenses to $6.25 per BOE in the second quarter. Our capital reductions will result in a full year budget of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion. To achieve these cost savings, we have modified our operating processes, replaced a significant number of contractors with employees and reduced executive and employee compensation. We are leveraging existing inventory to reduce orders for new and replacement equipment, and we're further consolidating vendors and we're utilizing creative solutions such as reverse auctions to source commodities and services. The speed and magnitude of our reaction demonstrates our recognition that the oversupply of crude must be addressed by all of us. Within a few weeks, we dropped down to 2 domestic rigs and had substantially reduced activity in Oman and Colombia. We are also currently minimizing well interventions by taking a disciplined approach to downhole maintenance that preserves the long-term integrity of our assets and reservoirs. Despite these changes, our operability remains high, which we believe positions us strongly compared to other operators. As this downturn will inevitably stress oil producers, an operator's base management proficiency will become increasingly important. Oxy is well positioned with a large asset base, and we have the reservoir management expertise established in our conventional EOR operations to recover more barrels from existing reservoirs without the need to build a growth wedge. Many of the same teams that established our capital intensity leadership and have innovatively applied our advanced subsurface modeling to the shale reservoirs are now applying their knowledge and skills to base management across our portfolio. To preserve liquidity, one of the most difficult decisions the Board made was to announce its intention to reduce our common stock dividend. Those who know Oxy understand that this was not a decision that we took lightly but one that we had to take to protect long-term value. We also paid the April 15 preferred stock dividend and common stock to boost our liquidity position, which is an option our Board may consider each quarter. Going forward, our focus will remain on strengthening our balance sheet. I will now hand the call over to Rob, who will walk you through our financial results, revised guidance and debt management options.
Robert Peterson: Thanks, Vicki. Turning to Slide 8. We are approaching the remainder of 2020 with a cautious outlook and have withdrawn our full year guidance and cash flow sensitivities. To prepare for a prolonged low price environment, we are taking decisive action to reduce cash costs. The progress our teams have made in reducing activity in collaboration with our partners and service providers while minimizing adverse impact has been remarkable. As Vicki mentioned, we have fully captured $1.1 billion of overhead and operating expense synergies and are repositioning our 2020 cost base with an additional $1.2 billion of overhead and operating expense reductions that we expect to be fully realized this year. We have also further reduced our full year capital budget to a range of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion, which will lower our second quarter capital spending to approximately $500 million. Looking towards our 2021 and 2022 debt maturities, we are taking significant steps to preserve liquidity, including the Board's announced intent to reduce our common stock dividend and the payment of the preferred dividend in common shares in lieu of cash in the second quarter. We are intent on raising as much cash as possible from divestitures and expect to raise over $2 billion in the near term. It may take us longer to close divestitures in excess of this near-term estimate as we are not prepared to sacrifice value in today's challenging environment conditions. As we pursue divestitures across our portfolio, we are also actively reviewing and evaluating our capital structure and options available to manage our near-term debt maturities. In this context, we continue to review our debt management options which could include the utilization of free cash flow, continued asset divestitures, utilization of liability management solutions, such as debt exchanges and extension maturities, the refinancing of debt and accessing capital markets. Additionally, we are monitoring the 2036 0 coupon notes as they could be put to us in whole or in part this October based on where the security is currently trading. We may be required to retire up to $992 million of debt depending on the number of 0 coupon holders that choose to exercise their redemption option. At April 30, we had $6 billion of liquidity, including cash of approximately $1 billion and our unutilized $5 billion credit facility. To date, we have provided financial assurance through a combination of cash, surety bonds and letters of credit made available to us on a bilateral basis and have not issued any letters of credit under our credit facility. Moving to Slide 9. Turning to our financial results. The first quarter of 2020 is the first quarter since the acquisition closed that we reported Oxy's financial results without consolidating WES. In the first quarter, we announced an adjusted loss of $0.52 per diluted share and a reported loss of $2.49 per diluted share. The difference between adjusted and reported results is mainly due to $1.8 billion of charges, including the impairment of goodwill related to WES and other oil and gas properties and $148 million of costs related to acquisition, partially offset by a net positive mark-to-market gain on crude oil hedges. Through the first quarter, we have expensed approximately $1.8 billion in acquisition-related costs and anticipate expensing an initial $150 million in integration costs this year. In the first quarter, we had cash outlays of approximately $800 million related to these expenses, bringing the total, including the amount paid in 2019, to $1.7 billion. For the remainder of 2020, we expect to have acquisition-related cash costs of approximately $250 million. Moving to Slide 10. We have provided guidance for the second quarter of 2020 and expect to return to providing full year guidance and cash flow sensitivities once basin differentials and market conditions stabilize. The production ranges we have provided for the second quarter are wider than the previous quarters as we are accounting for the uncertainty of potential shut-ins beyond our forecast. In the second quarter, we are forecasting shut-ins averaging 45,000 BOE per day, of which approximately 2/3 is voluntary due to individual well economics, with the remaining 1/3 due to OPEC+ restrictions. We expect shut-ins to peak in June around 75,000 BOE per day. Our guidance does not account for potential involuntary shut-ins related to flow constraints. All oil and gas guidance now includes Algeria as a continuing operation. I will now turn the call back over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Despite our activity reduction, all of our long term core differentiators remain intact. Our leadership as a low-cost operator, track record of operational excellence and a portfolio of world-class assets are competitive advantages that better position us for success when market conditions improve. These attributes, combined with our differentiated low carbon strategy, are expected to drive our success and sustainability into the future. We're now open for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Vicki, I know maybe it's too premature and then you guys are just focusing putting out the fire. But with COVID-19, if we're looking at some point that it will pass on post COVID-19, how this event have changed your operating and financial parameter on a going-forward basis?
Vicki Hollub: I'm sorry. What was the last part of your question, Paul?
Paul Cheng: That in the post COVID-19, if we're looking at over the longer haul, that how that may have changed your financial and operating parameter? Like before that, I think, after the merger, you have been talking about potentially a 5% long-term growth rate that you guys may be targeting and that maybe a debt-to-EBITDA ratio in the 1.5x. With the event that we just passed through or went through, how that may have changed on those parameters?
Vicki Hollub: So certainly, for us, what the COVID-19 situation crisis has done for us is it's caused a bit of a near-term focus for us to do differently than what we had set out. As you know and as you mentioned, we had a 5% growth plan going forward. But what our near-term priority is, is to protect our cash flow, so preserve cash and generate then growth in our cash. But the way we'll do it, we have plans for the near term. We have plans for cash flow neutrality, breakeven and eventually a low-growth plan. But for the next few months and into maybe the end of this year and through the recovery, our focus is going to be on base production management. So we have not abandoned our long-term future growth plans. But for now, what we're going to do is keep the capital as we've just said for 2020 and focus on mitigating our base decline. As you know, as we've often said, our base decline right now is about 25%. So our near-term focus will be on optimizing the performance of our existing wells and existing reservoirs to ensure that we're getting all we can out of those and focusing on for incremental barrels that help to mitigate the decline. We'll focus on developing behind pay -- pipe in the existing reservoirs. So there's going to be a lot more focus on our base production in our current assets rather than drilling new growth wedges in this near term. So we're really excited about the fact that with this vast base of assets that we have, everywhere we are, we have stacked pay. So that stacked pay enables us to, in the wells where we don't see opportunities, to optimize existing production, to develop other intervals and bring those intervals on at much lower cost than it would cost to drill and develop new wells. So the near-term focus is just that, is to mitigate our base production decline, that's optimizing performance from existing wells and using that infrastructure to help to lower our cost on a per unit basis. Doing that probably through the rest of this year and into the recovery, depending on how long that lasts will be our focus. Ultimately, I'm sorry, go ahead, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Vicki, I'm sorry. I fully understand near term what you're trying to do. But I'm trying to understand that on the longer-term basis, has the event changed the way how you look at the business model and have you changed what is the criteria or parameter that you're going to use? Are you going to use it at a lower growth rate going forward from the 5% and that even a more stringent target for the debt-to-EBITDA or that a lower leverage ratio or that you think you're still business as usual? I think that is really is more of my question.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Our highest priority will be to lower the debt. So rather than generate or have a growth target, our target is more to take free cash flow to lower debt. And we'll structure our capital programs around ensuring that we can do that. We believe that with the assets that we have, we can get to a scenario where our sustainability price is such that we can generate free cash flow in a lower price environment. That free cash flow would then be used to lower debt. So debt will be the highest priority in the near term. And when I say near term, I'm talking over the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Muhammed Ghulam: This is Muhammed on behalf of Pavel. So can you guys provide an update about the status of discussions with the State of Wyoming regarding the sale of surface acreage there?
Vicki Hollub: Yes. We are running a process to sell the land grant. And that process, we kicked off this year, early this year. We've just completed Round 1 of the bidding process for the land grant. And we were pleased that we had 13 bidders for the land grant. So now we'll take that to Round 2 of the bid process. And that's really about all I can disclose about that, but we're excited about what we've seen thus far. We would expect to be able to close on that asset in probably late Q3 or early Q4.
Muhammed Ghulam: Okay. Understood. And so you guys have talked in the past about some of your carbon capture projects or investments in carbon capture technologies. Given that the 2020 budget has been cut so much, can you guys talk about how carbon capture fits into that program? Are any of the projects being postponed?
Vicki Hollub: The way we're structuring our development of the carbon capture was such that we were not going to have to put out a lot of Oxy capital because what Oxy is providing to potential partners in our Low Carbon Ventures projects going forward is the opportunity for others to come in and be a part of it. We bring the reservoirs for the CO2 sequestration. We bring the land to build the facilities. And we bring the expertise to take the CO2 from those facilities and sequestered in our reservoirs. So what we bring to the table is our experience in our existing assets. What others could, as partners to us, bring to the table are the funds that will help us build those facilities.
Robert Peterson: I'd like to add to that and also say that in the pursuit of the cash generation, lower cost basis, that this not only drives the cash flow neutrality, but there's also the opportunity to reduce our overall cost through it. So it's still very much part of our portfolio or our cornerstone to future development.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. And the way we do that is that for our CO2 enhanced oil recovery operations, the two largest costs in that operation, in fact, 40% of the cost is associated with the cost of CO2 and the cost of the electricity that's required to inject that CO2. We're addressing both of those. This Low Carbon Ventures is, it's a lot more about sequestration. It's just sequestration. It's also about lowering our cost so that we can make our current CO2 business better, as Rob was saying. But by making it better and less expensive, we can also expand that out into our shale play. So that gives us the option to grow that a lot more and over the expanse of all the shale play, not only in the Permian, but then taking that once we have that model built and working and applying it in Wyoming and Colorado as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate: And Rob, welcome to a bit of a baptism by fire, I guess. I wonder if I could start, Rob, with you, your slides on the options for debt. And I was just wondering if you could walk us through how realistic these options are. What discussions have you had with banks on potentially exchanging refinancing? Is a convert a possibility? And if you could clarify why it looks like you burned over $1 billion of cash in April? And I've got a follow-up, please.
Robert Peterson: Okay, Doug. Let me hit the second question first. The primary reason of the cash was the payment of the dividend in April. So that was the predominant use of cash in the month of April. Normally, obviously, we don't provide an April cash on hand during the earnings call, but we thought it was important to put the most current information out in front. With regards to discussions we specifically had externally, I won't comment on those. But we do believe we have adequate liquidity for the near future based on the cash flow from operations, the known asset divestitures and the cash savings with the associated operational expense reductions that we've talked about already today. We're also well hedged for the balance of 2020, and we've taken that in combination with the steps to reduce our cash flow neutrality, which is going to help conserve the cash in a low price environment. We continue to look across the portfolio but recognize we may not be able to satisfy all those 2021 and '22 debt maturities without a significant market recovery. But we do believe that at our disposal, certainly beyond what we currently have in place is, we do have the free cash flow, the asset divestiture proceeds, exchanging the debt and extending maturities and then refinancing in the capital markets. So I think we're taking those actions. I do think those are all opportunities for us to address those near-term maturities that are in front of us.
Douglas Leggate: So to be clear, you think refinancing, the markets are open to you?
Robert Peterson: Absolutely.
Douglas Leggate: Okay. My follow-up is on the underlying decline. Vicki, this one's probably for you. You talked about 25%. I assume that's unmitigated on the base business. But can you walk us through what that looks like as an exit rate, including what assumptions you have for asset sales? And obviously at the back of my mind is Ghana now that Algeria isn't going forward. So what does that exit rate look like? And if you could, what do you think the sustaining capital for that exit rate is if there's such a number going into 2021? I'll leave it there.
Vicki Hollub: Well, we've said our base decline is 25%. And the reason I'm hesitant to give you a number for what it's going to look like in Q4 is because of what we're doing now to refocus our teams. As I said in my script, we're going to take these incredibly talented people who have done a great job growing Permian Resources and we're going to supplement them into our base production management teams. And that's not to say we don't have also great people operating our base production management. It's just that when you're in a high-growth mode, sometimes some of the base management doesn't get done as diligently as it should and can in an environment like this. So we don't expect that our decline will stay at 25%. What we expect is that we're going to have teams that find ways to mitigate that decline by, again, by optimizing production from existing wells by virtue of changing artificial lift types, by reducing back pressure on the wells and/or by doing cleanups, just doing acid treatments on perforations and things like that. So there's optimization opportunities with the existing wells that are producing today. The other thing that's there is, we've always had this inventory of zones above and below the existing producing intervals in our wells that have capability to produce. It's just that those were not going to get us to the higher growth rates that we were executing over the last few years. They're perfectly suited for mitigating a base decline but not for an intense growth program. So we expect that those will help to mitigate the decline, that 25%. So it's hard to tell you right now what a Q4 exit rate would be. We haven't put together all of our plans. The teams are working them. But I am very confident that from Q3 to Q3, we're not going to have a 25% decline. We're going to have something much less than that.
Jeff Alvarez: Doug, and this is Jeff. I'll hit on your sustaining capital. And like Vicki said, I think the important thing to remember, and you've covered us for a long time, if you go back before the unconventional boom when we really brought all that great inventory forward, we were a base management company. You look at our EOR business and what we were doing in Oman and Colombia and Qatar, that is what we did. So a lot of the parts of our business have been -- continue to stay focused on that. Now we'll bring that to the rest of the business even to a higher degree, and we have a whole new data set to do that. But on sustaining CapEx, I think what Vicki said, it's worth pointing out why we don't give a specific number. So let's talk about what we have disclosed. Previously we said, in 2021 at our previous plan, our sustaining capital would be $3.9 billion at $40 WTI. And remember, that was growing into 2021. So let's now talk about the building blocks and how we're doing against those. Vicki talked about the decline rate. We've mentioned that. It's going to continue to get better. The other thing that helps that decline rate is we're not bringing on a bunch of unconventional barrels, high decline barrels this year. So you'd expect that to be better than what we said before. Starting production level, it was going to be higher than what we previously or what we think now just because we're not growing into 2021 like we previously thought. So that also gets factored in. Capital intensity, as we've shown, best-in-class capital intensity on our growth areas, and we continue to get better. So when you look at the barrels we can add for every dollar spent, not only is it best in class, it also continues to get better. So again, a helper on what the sustaining capital will be. Now what's going to work against that is obviously, as Rob said, spending $350 million a quarter in the last couple of quarters, that sustaining capital that we put out before was kind of on an ongoing basis to where you spent something similar the year before and you had an activity set. So when you start back up from the level we're at, we do expect to have some start-up capital, let's call it that. It's things like just when I spend $1 today, I don't get production for a couple of months from that. That will impact that period when you look at that first year of sustaining capital, the learning curve impacts, which always happen when you start back up on programs. But the great thing about that, if you look at the records Vicki talked about in the Midland Basin, that's an area we shut down and restarted. And within a few months, we're setting records from an execution standpoint across the business because they took learnings from other parts of the business and were able to immediately apply them. So while we do expect in that first year you would see some of that start-up capital come through in that sustaining capital number, we don't think it will be huge, and then we'll quickly work through that. So again, as you think about that sustaining capital, you can take all those components in place and look at how the business is changing and what you would expect it to be, but we do continue to be able to believe we can drive that down.
Vicki Hollub: I'll just use one more example. Back in 2000 when Steve Chazen bought the Permian Basin Altura, the criticism of that was that he was buying harvest mode assets. And I can tell you, in Denver City now, all these years later, these decades later, we're still adding reserves to the Denver unit, still finding ways to increase the reserves and the production there. That is our niche. And we do it well. And we just got to refocus on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: I wanted to first start with just a couple of clarification questions on a couple of points that you made. First, I think you said, Vicki, in your comments that you expect $2 billion of divestitures coming in the near term. Can you clarify whether that includes versus excludes Ghana and includes versus excludes the land grant? And then also, I think it was also mentioned that accessing capital markets was a possible solution on the financial side. Can you talk to whether that is or whether there is a consideration of equity common equity issuance?
Vicki Hollub: So I'll talk about the divestiture. The $2 billion does not include Ghana. That's all I can say specifically on that. Rob?
Robert Peterson: Yes. With regards to the issuance of common stock, it's not something that we're considering right now in light of the price of the stock.
Brian Singer: Great. And then my follow-up is more of a bigger picture. You have a slide on the change in corporate governance on the back of today's presentation. And given some of the recent changes, both in the Board, parts of management, the dividend, can you broadly discuss in the conversations you've had with the Board any shifts in focus or priorities generally or specifically relating to the urgency and levels of delevering, M&A and the breadth versus concentration of assets within the company?
Vicki Hollub: Well, I'll say one thing that from a personal perspective, I'm incredibly excited that Steve Chazen came back on to the Board and as Chairman of the Board because specifically we did need help with dealing with the debt situation in this environment. And so from my perspective, what I see with the Board now is his ability to help lead us through what's a very, very challenging environment for every company in the world, but especially for us since we had these maturities coming up. I think the other experience that was brought on to the Board in Nick Graziano and Andrew Langham is also an ability and experience with debt exchanges and also with dealing with the debt situation. The experiences of those 3 that we just brought on is going to help us through this environment and already helping us and creating value for us. So I think that we've strengthened our Board in the way that we definitely needed to do in this environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Simmons.
Ryan Todd: Great. Maybe a couple of questions on the -- a question first, I guess, on the CapEx and OpEx cuts going forward, pretty impressive cost reductions in the near term, in particular, the additional $600 million on the OpEx side. Can you talk about how you view the sustainability of those cuts going forward, I guess, both on the CapEx and the operational side? Are those the kind of things that necessarily ramp back up as you start ramping back up activity levels or how much of those do you think you can kind of structurally capture?
Vicki Hollub: I think that certainly the full $600 million incremental in the OpEx is that full $600 million is not sustainable because one of the things that we did just to get us through this quarter because we expected Q2 to be the worst quarter, while some people are encouraged by prices where they are, we still have a concern about storage. So we expect the end of May, 1st of June to be particularly challenging for us. So we wanted to make it through Q2 at the lowest possible cost structure. So the $600 million in OpEx, probably about 60% to 65% of that is sustainable. The part that's not is where we're going to need to bring back some of our well service rigs because currently we're in a mode where since we need to reduce production anyway to help with the oversupply issue, as some of our wells fell right now, we're not putting those wells back online. So as we get beyond this difficult period over the next month or 1.5 months and start into the recovery, that's when we'll start bringing some well service rigs back at the point where we feel like it's necessary to start and we have the cash to be able to do that. So that will increase our cost a little bit, but we drop those rigs significantly. There are some other minor things that we would do differently, but I believe that our teams may find as we're doing this other opportunities to offset some of the cost and the activity that we'll need to start back.
Robert Peterson: And I'll just add to that, I mean, building on Vicki's point that. One of the unintended benefits of the slowdown is it allowed us to really step back and take a very deep look at the way we do things and how we pursue the business and give us time to really impart this passion for cost reduction, margin generation and make that equal our passion for the growth we've had in the past so that we can really internalize into our culture that this is the way we do business and hold on to that as things turn the other direction eventually on the recovery. One of the challenges if it's such a short shock to the system, it's really difficult to move the culture of the business. But the things that we've done and the inspiration within our people to really get passionate about cost reductions and margin generation, to hold on to that moving forward will pay dividends for the company.
Vicki Hollub: I think the quality -- I'm sorry, just to finish that. I think it speaks to the quality of our employee base that they are motivated, that they found these things so quickly and that they're excited about the challenge that we have and ready to address it and achieve it. And your next question is?
Jeff Alvarez: Ryan, can I add one thing? Because I think it's a pretty remarkable thing with what Rob and Vicki said. If you look at our SG&A, where we'll be on overhead, we'll be at a level lower than we were as Oxy stand-alone in 2018. So the costs that have been driven out of the business by the teams is remarkable and we basically doubled the size of the company and we're back to the same overhead before we did that.
Ryan Todd: That's impressive. I appreciate all the clarity there. Maybe a follow-up on the Permian. I mean, it gets lost in everything else that's going on right now, but well performance year-to-date in the Permian is again showing pretty significant year-on-year improvement. Maybe any comments on talks about the drivers of this? Is this high grading from lower activity levels or is that something that's more sustainable as activity eventually re-ramps in the basin?
Jeff Alvarez: Yes, definitely sustainable. It's basically a continuation of everything we are doing and applying those things on the new assets and combining the learnings from both. So taking some of the learnings from the legacy Anadarko acreage and applying that in New Mexico on things like regional sand or landing points and development philosophy on the APC acreage. I mean, we showed you that Silvertip slide. You can see the level of improvements that are being made. I mean, that's probably the most disappointing thing for me in the whole thing that's going on is all of that momentum that the teams have built up and those improvements that we expect to be sustainable are now going to kind of be put on the back burner, but we strongly believe we'll get it back quickly. The other thing I'll point out on the slide you're looking at, Ryan, is that now includes wells on the former APC acreage that has the new design that we've talked about, that Atlas design. Those are in there. And they're driving that performance improvement as well.
Robert Peterson: Again, I'll just build on that, too. One of the investment thesis still remained. And if anything, coming out of this because we have such a vast portfolio, we can high-grade even further than we would have been able to as stand-alone Oxy. Our ability to come out with lower cost, lower capital intensity wells and choosing those is much greater than would have been without the original Oxy assets.
Vicki Hollub: And I can't let this conversation end without also adding the DJ Basin. The performance there has that team, that drilling team has been incredible. So we have to give a shout-out to them. They continue to improve their performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey with Mizuho.
Paul Sankey: In trying to forecast your volumes, can you give us a bit more detail on the base decline rates and talk about the various regions and the various mitigations so that we can try and get towards a number that is obviously less, as you imply, than the 25% decline, but exactly where we should come out on that? My question essentially is, can you talk through the decline rates from the various components of your portfolio and how you're going to mitigate them?
Vicki Hollub: Well, I think that it's important to note what Jeff has said earlier, is that when you -- as you know, the highest decline for the shale play is right in the first year, first 1.5 years, two years. So as we're slowing down, the decline of our shale production is going to start to mitigate itself just by virtue of the fact that we won't be drilling as many new wells, in fact, very few new wells. So that decline is going to be less than it traditionally is. The EOR business, we've said in the past, is normally a 4% to 5% decline, and that's when we're fully using our CO2. We have shut some of our CO2 wells in. So that decline now could be actually a little bit mitigated, but it's going to be versus a slightly lower volume, not a lot of production to shut in there. So the Middle East, the conventional reservoirs are lower decline. But overall, it's hard to go through and look at each of those as we're modifying what we do everywhere. So it's really hard to give you a number that you could then roll up into a single number. Just know that we're working on the decline everywhere. The shale decline will be less. EOR will be less with the production that's on. So lower than that, 5%, probably down to 4% with what's producing today.
Robert Peterson: And I guess the other piece of that, too, is that unlike typical or historical quarters when we've been executing a development growth plan. We're building a significant backlog of existing wells that won't need to be redrilled or anything to bring that production back online. It's really the activity set that Vicki mentioned around downhole maintenance, et cetera, that will bring barrels back online in a way different than we've seen in prior year quarters, which is really difficult to measure in light of not knowing where prices or the recovery trajectory right now.
Paul Sankey: And then the second and final, this was an awkward quarter to calculate the cash flows because of the mix of oil price. Can you talk about what sort of cash flows we can expect from you at the current price environment? And let's say, for example, the sensitivity, if we believe the strip, which is currently about $25 a barrel for next year -- actually, excuse me, $32 a barrel is the April next year strip. Could you give us a sense for how much cash flow would be generated in those 2 environments, current and future?
Vicki Hollub: Paul, I can tell you, this is not going to help you at all. I was trying to think of a way to help you with your model here, but pretty much where we -- once we get past Q2, we'll be able to balance our cash inflows with our outflows. So we'll be neutral in Q3 and Q4, but I don't think we've given you our price assumptions either. So I'm not sure that helps you at all. But the sensitivities, I would say that as our production declines a bit, the sensitivities have gone down a bit. They're not at the $1 change in oil prices equal to 250. So they're not quite there yet. They've declined a little bit. Again, what that ends up, that sensitivity ends up being depends on how much we can mitigate the decline as we go.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers Investment Research.
Jeffrey Campbell: We've kind of beat on the dead drum quite a bit, so I thought I'd ask a couple of different questions. One is looking forward, is Oxy continuing to test technical solutions to reduce headcount and improve performance? And to give an example of what I'm thinking about, automated directional drilling seems to be gaining some increasing traction.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. We're going to push the envelope on everything now, and that's part of the reason we've been able to reduce our SG&A significantly as our teams are leveraging technology and automation as much as we can. We probably have one of the most automated areas in our Permian EOR business. With respect to the drilling, yes, we're pushing the envelope there, too, because you've seen the improvements in how we're drilling our wells. So as much automation as we can install, we are. And part of that automation has gotten us beyond where in the drilling area where we need the typical tool pusher on the drilling rig or the driller to manage the process, we actually build models by which the computer can basically do the drilling of the well. But it takes an engineer to help to build those models. But once they're automated, then it's a process of just then tweaking to get better. That's on the drilling side. On the field operations side, our CO2 operations are very highly automated. We can actually manage those from a central control room. So we're managing that. As we've improved and started to better rely on our artificial intelligence with respect to well productivity and those sorts of things and what wells should be doing versus what they are, that's part of what I was talking about when I said we're modifying our production processes. We'll depend more on letting those tools help us manage which wells really need any kind of physical or visual on-site versus being able to completely manage from a control room. So there's a lot of automation that we've installed that's going to help us move toward a lower, much lower SG&A environment.
Robert Peterson: Yes. And the thing I'll add on that too is also, we're doing a vast look at our portfolio, too. When you have a portfolio as large as Oxy's, you can't apply the same sort of techniques and approaches to every bit of the portfolio. And so this is allowing us time and again to reprioritize and bucket our portfolio in areas where, in some cases, we may be very quick to bring a well back to production or in other cases, we may leave wells down for an extended period of time or not use the same type of approach to actually how we're going to maintain the well or how we're going to automate the well. And this sort of not a one-size-fits-all approach is also bringing a lot of savings. And not only that, but also the number of people required to continue to operate the fields we operate in.
Jeffrey Campbell: I appreciate the detailed color. And just to quickly get back to something that you mentioned in the prepared remarks regarding Algeria. I just want to make sure I understand this. Is it your intention to operate there now until price recovery or have you decided that it is a core asset going forward, notwithstanding receiving an offer to buy that can't be refused?
Vicki Hollub: It's a core asset going forward. And if we got an incoming offer for Algeria that was something that we couldn't refuse, we would certainly need to coordinate that with Sonatrach and with the Ministry of Oil because we do have partners. And that's the way it is working internationally. Sometimes the decisions need to be coordinated and we need to be committed there. We're committed to be there and to do our best to increase value and enhance the operations, and we believe we have the opportunity to do that. It's a great asset. It's one of the best assets that's in that region. So we're excited about it, and we're going to stay. Again, if someone came in and made an offer that we couldn't refuse, I'm sure the ministry would be interested in that as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc.
Leo Mariani: Just wanted to ask a couple of housekeeping items on some of the guidance here into the second quarter. You guys talked about 45,000 BOE per day of shut-ins. I was hoping to get a little bit more detail around kind of what regions that's kind of split up to. And also on your midstream guidance, I think you guys are saying negative $310 million and minus $350 million, I guess, pretax income. Significant change versus first quarter. I was just hoping you could kind of elaborate on some of the reasons and the big change on the midstream.
Jeff Alvarez: Leo, this is Jeff. I'll start with those and then Vicki and Rob can jump in. So as you mentioned, for second quarter, we're estimating 45,000 barrels of shut-in production. 1/3 of that, as Rob said, is OPEC+ related. So you can realistically assume that's from Oman and Algeria. The remainder is domestic and that's economically driven. And the best way to think about that, half of that, the domestic part is from the Permian, which is the EOR and resources. And then the other half is in the Rockies. And just to give you a little color, so that 45,000 barrels, about 3% production compared to our guide. The number of wells we're shutting in is about 9% of our well count with that. So as you would expect, you've got a proportionate -- a lot more wells being shut in because you're on the low end of that economic curve, and you do production being shut in. That first 1% of production we shut in is about 5% of our wells. So that just gives you some perspective and color. And when people talk about shutting in wells, they use all kinds of descriptors, whether they're temporarily abandoned with a bridge plug or just turning off the artificial lift or things like that. And we're definitely doing this in a way that ensures we protect the reservoir and the well integrity and also that we can start back up at the lowest possible cost. So your question about midstream, we can go through this offline in a lot more detail because, as you know, that business has a lot of moving pieces. But the primary difference in the Q2 earnings estimate versus what we saw in Q1 is almost entirely timing-driven. We recognized a large mark-to-market gain related to our hedge position. And as prices fell at the end of Q1, that impacts Q2. So in Q2, the same low prices are impacting the revenue we'll realize on our physical barrels when they're delivered. We can talk through that more offline, but that's the primary driver of that change.
Leo Mariani: Okay. No, that's helpful for sure. And I guess just second question here in terms of philosophy. I was just trying to make sure I'm sort of reading it correctly in terms of what Oxy's plan is for the next couple of years. It sounded to me as though, just given the pending '21 and '22 maturities, that the company is going to continue to focus on just mitigating declines until there is much better line of sight for taking care of a lot of those maturities or for actually taking care of them with refis or exchanges or whatever. Just wanted to make sure I'm sort of understanding that correctly, if that's the message you guys are trying to deliver today.
Vicki Hollub: It depends on the price environment, but primarily this year, it will be a decline mitigation. Going into 2021. It depends on how strong the recovery is and what prices we see in 2021. There's the potential that we could add a few more rigs back. But it would still be a scenario where we need to generate some free cash flow as well. So we would balance what were the activity level with achieving some free cash flow generation after capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Silverstein with Wolfe Research.
Joshua Silverstein: As part of the debt paydown strategy, and I'm sorry if you touched on this before, but would you consider equity as part of this as well? It looks like at least the base plan right now is to pay the preferred with $200 million in shares each quarter. So why not just do a larger equity deal to help derisk the balance sheet right now?
Robert Peterson: No. We did touch on that a little earlier. And the share prices, we don't have an intention on issuing any additional equity to pay down debt.
Joshua Silverstein: Got it. Okay. Sorry about that. And then you mentioned the $5 billion credit facility that you have available right now. How much of that can you use to pay down debt right now? And then secondly, you had an asset sale target before that was used to pay down debt. You guys now have an absolute debt reduction target of where you wanted to get to?
Robert Peterson: So we can draw on the credit facility at any point in time. We're not drawing on it because we don't feel like there's any risk of drawing out at any point in time that we need it. In terms of a debt structure, a total debt number to get to, the goal is ultimately over time to get back to an investment-grade type rating. That's what our current path is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: I just wanted to follow up quickly on Josh's question right now. In terms of debt management and the revolver, right now, I believe it's unsecured, and I don't think there's a trigger on it just because you're going from IG to high-yield status. But do I have that correct? And do you anticipate that sometime down the road that you might need to move to an RBL facility that might have a leverage covenant as opposed to a current debt-to-cap covenant?
Robert Peterson: Jeanine, you do have that correct on the current RCF facility, and we don't see a need to go an RBL type facility.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Tullis with Capital One Securities.
Richard Tullis: Going back to the midstream quickly. I know you guided pretax losses the first half of the year, partly driven by the timing issues that Jeff just discussed. What do you see as a more normalized yearly pretax income run rate for that business going forward?
Jeff Alvarez: Richard, this is Jeff. I'd put that in the category of, we didn't guide full year. So I mean that, there's just so much volatility in all of those markets that we didn't feel comfortable providing guidance beyond the quarter until we see more clarity on how things play out from a recovery differential standpoint and all of that. So we'll defer that. I would tell you, I mean, you understand the building blocks of the business or assets that go into that in the Middle East and cogen and some of the other things, those are still there and still good assets. So they're there. It's just the volatility around all the other aspects on the marketing side.
Richard Tullis: Sure. Fair enough. And as a follow-up, if Total does not move forward with the Ghana acquisition, do you see almost immediately putting the asset right back on the marketing sale block or maybe you're doing that now? And then secondly, are there other assets that maybe you weren't looking at divesting at the time of the Anadarko acquisition announcement that maybe you look at now in a better commodity environment just given the difficulties closing the Algeria deal, et cetera?
Vicki Hollub: I would say yes to that. Ghana is an asset that we still consider to be up for sale. Whether Total buys it or not, it would still be up for sale. And there has been some interest in it. So that's something that we would still pursue divesting. I think I said earlier, but let me reiterate that. At the early beginning of the year, when we looked at Algeria and Ghana's divestiture targets, we wanted to have an alternative. And the alternative that we came up with would deliver similar proceeds with a similar reduction in cash flow. So we started marketing in early this year an alternative to the sale of Algeria and Ghana. We started that process. And as we got into the process, all the travel restrictions were applied. And this is one of those things where we need people to come in and we need to do management presentations. We need to dive into details with the technical team that's assessing the value of that asset. So it's one that requires a little more interaction. So we have put that on hold right now as we wait for travel restrictions to be lifted and for the environment to get better. But we do have other assets to sell. The alternative that I'm talking about is just one. There are other things that we can do with some of the acreage in the Permian and potentially even in the DJ with respect to, even if it's not outright sales, it's JVs where we could generate some cash upfront and then a potential carry. There are lots of other options, but what we don't want to do is do it in this environment. It really depends on when the recovery occurs, how strong it is as to the timing of those. And that's why we're not going to put ourselves in a situation where we get closer to debt maturities and then where we found we can't execute the divestitures before the maturities occur. We've still got asset sales that we can do and we'll do as they make sense to do, but we're going to make sure that we can get maximum value for those.
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session as well as today's conference. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Occidental's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Elisa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive officer; Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ken Dillon, President, International Oil and Gas Operations; BJ Hebert, President of Oxychem; and Oscar Brown, Senior Vice President, Strategy, Business Development and Integrated Supply. This morning, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on Slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this morning. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. The integration of our business into one Cohesive Oxy is progressing extremely well. We are ahead of schedule to fully capture value from our $2 billion synergy program. We have repaid approximately 1/3 of our debt related to the acquisition, and we have the best people in place to leverage our superior assets to deliver outstanding operational results.  As many of you may know, 2020 marks Oxy's 100-year anniversary. Success of Oxy's first century was driven by technical expertise, the ability to adapt quickly and our ceaseless drive to lead our industry forward through innovative problem solving. These same attributes, combined with our unique and defining approach to sustainability in a low-carbon world, will be integral to ensuring our leadership and success over the next 100 years.  Before I touch on the fourth quarter and value-capture progress, I'd like to thank our remarkable employees who continue to work hard and responsibly deliver excellent results, whether their focus is on drilling the best wells with industry-leading capital intensity, operating our chemical plants efficiently, maximizing product margins or delivering on our value capture and deleveraging targets. Our teams continue to lead with passion to drive positive results.  Every day, our people demonstrate that they are exceptional at what they do, while achieving the best safety performance in our history.  Moving to Slide 3. As an innovative and sustainable energy leader, we intend to be at the forefront of our industry. The opportunity before us is immense, and our teams are energized and ready for the challenge. Our technical expertise, particularly in subsurface characterization is a competitive advantage that allows us to maximize the value of our assets. All of our core assets are free-cash-flow positive and maintain dominant positions in the prolific basins or markets in which we operate.  Our focused portfolio includes multiple decades of high-return short-to-medium cycle development opportunities with primary, secondary and tertiary recovery options. The short cycle, high-return nature of our unconventional assets, combined with our low-decline conventional assets provide the flexibility to allocate capital to maximize cash margins, especially when taking into account our advantaged midstream position.  Leading the industry as the low-cost operator has always been important to us as this metric will become progressively relevant in the years ahead. As secondary and tertiary methods become more attractive in recovering additional barrels from basins currently and primary recovery, our advanced technical excellence and decades of industry leadership in CO2 enhanced oil recovery position us to be the lowest-cost operator across multiple basins.  As the assets we acquired are developed, we will utilize our subsurface and operating expertise to improve productivity and reduce full-cycle cost. Our diversified portfolio with decades of high-return inventory and our ability to produce high-margin barrels, enables us to generate sustainable free cash flow to return to our shareholders.  Foremost, in the form of our dividend, which is one of the defining characteristics of our company. As an innovative and sustainable leader, Oxy must boldly drive improvement on all fronts, including reducing emissions. Our commitment to sustainability is woven into the fabric of our organization. I'm proud that we were the first U.S.-headquartered oil and gas company to endorse the World Bank's initiative to reduce routine flaring globally. This important effort is fully aligned with our strategic commitments.  We plan for the future through lense of being a best-in-class operator with an unmatched portfolio of assets and the goal of reducing our greenhouse emissions while executing our strategy to excel in a low-carbon world.  Now moving to Slide 5. The fourth quarter was our first full quarter as a combined company, and we continued to demonstrate our position as a best-in-class operator. Our businesses outperformed across the board. Our production of 1.4 million BOE per day from continuing operations exceeded the midpoint of guidance by 78,000 BOE per day. We accomplished this while spending $400 million less than our full year combined company capital budget of $8.6 billion. This demonstrates that our long-standing commitment to capital discipline remains paramount.  Pro forma production for full year 2019 also exceeded guidance by 28,000 BOE per day. And we expect to grow production by 2% in 2020 off this higher base, and we've lowered our already reduced 2020 capital budget by another $100 million. Spending less to produce more barrels demonstrates our industry-leading capital intensity and the value we will create for shareholders. That said, as global commodity prices have declined sharply in recent days, we are prepared to reduce our spending if the current environment does not improve. We are monitoring the situation closely and retain the flexibility to adjust our budget if needed.  We continue to execute on our divestiture program. In January, we closed the sale of our South Africa block to Total for net proceeds of approximately $90 million. This follows the close of an aggregate of $1.5 billion in divestitures in the fourth quarter. We applied the proceeds from these asset sales and $500 million of free cash flow to repay $2 billion of debt, and we recently announced our 182nd consecutive quarterly dividend, an outstanding record that few companies can claim. Returning cash to shareholders through our sector-leading dividend is an integral part of our philosophy.  In the fourth quarter, we returned approximately $710 million of cash, an amount we fully expect to continue to grow.  Moving now to Slide 6. We continue to perform -- outperform expectations and capturing value through synergies. Since closing the acquisition and on a run-rate basis, we have completed 60% of our $2 billion synergy target since closing the acquisition, including $799 million of overhead synergies, $83 million of operating synergies and $323 million of capital synergies. We expect that our success in lowering cost will enable us to fully achieve our $900 million overhead synergy target in 2020, a year earlier than originally promised.  We also have announced divestitures totaling $10.2 billion net of taxes since closing the acquisition, demonstrating significant progress towards achieving our target of $15 billion. We repaid 32% of the debt raised for the Anadarko acquisition with proceeds from the divestitures closed to date, along with the $500 million in free cash flow that I referenced earlier.  Our total balance sheet debt has decreased by approximately 30% since the close. We repaid $7 billion of debt in the second half of 2019 and have a clear line of sight on closing the remaining transactions necessary to meet our divestiture target.  Operationally, our achievements are as significant as our cost reductions with the potential to accomplish much more.  Moving now to Slide 7. As an example, let's look at what we have accomplished on the legacy Anadarko, Texas Delaware acreage. We are recovering more barrels per section with fewer wells and are lowering cost by applying our unique subsurface capability and development approach. Similar to the advancements we made on legacy Oxy Delaware acreage.  Already, we have drilled a record well in the Silvertip area, showcasing our ability as a premier operator in the Permian Basin. We are enhancing our best-in-class Permian capital intensity by continuously improving time to market.  We drilled our first five 10,000 foot wells in Silvertip, 18% faster than those drilled prior to closing the deal, and this is just the start. We have many more improvements to implement. We are already saving $1.9 million per well completion by utilizing Oxy's advanced Atlas casing design. We're able to pump frac stages, particularly at the toe of the well at much higher rates with lower trading pressures. Our completion design produces improved stimulation, faster pump times and uses significantly less water.  Put simply, when including the optimized well count, we are spending 26% less in total capital to recover 7% more oil. Oxy's asset operability is unmatched and has greatly improved across the acquired assets by applying our base management expertise and best practices.  Our relentless drive for efficiency has reduced production downtime by 22% on the acquired Delaware Basin acreage. We're also seeing downtime improvements across many of the other acquired assets, which is further improving cash flow and value.  Additionally, we are working diligently with our partners and leaseholders to significantly reduce obligation wells and short laterals, allowing us to maximize value by focusing near-term activity on long-term development in our core areas.  As we had committed to do, Slide 8 shows the measures we'll update each quarter to track the success of our progress. We have created the company with ample opportunities to efficiently allocate capital from a position of strength across the portfolio with sector-leading returns. We have made significant progress in divesting assets, reducing debt and capturing synergies. As part of our commitment to creating long-term value for our shareholders, we will continue to reduce debt, strengthen our balance sheet and enhance our ability to return even more cash to shareholders.  I'll now hand the call over to Cedric, who will walk you through our financial results and guidance.
Cedric Burgher: Thank you, Vicki. I'm also very pleased with how well our integration is proceeding. Completing our value capture program ahead of schedule is well within hand. And as Vicki mentioned, our teams are delivering outstanding operational results. As our integration progresses, we remain steadfast in our commitment to capital discipline and returning capital to shareholders.  We demonstrated our ability to excel operationally in 2019, while spending $400 million less than our combined capital budget of $8.6 billion and lowered our operating costs on a BOE basis. Our capital intensity and value-capture advancements have enabled us to lower our 2020 capital budget by $100 million to $5.2 billion to $5.4 billion for the year.  Since closing the Anadarko acquisition, we have strengthened our balance sheet by repaying 32% of the new debt raised, and we will continue deleveraging as additional divestiture transactions are closed. We have already achieved 60% of annual run-rate synergies, and I am confident that our 2020 financials will illustrate the progress we are making.  In 2020, we expect to fully capture $900 million of overhead savings, meeting our target a year earlier than originally stated. Furthermore, we expect to capture more than 75% of our operating and capital synergies this year. In 2020, we remain focused on maintaining our dividend by optimizing free cash flow and operating in a capital-efficient manner.  We have implemented a significant oil hedging program for 2020, encompassing 350,000 barrels per day, which represents over 45% of our oil production. This will enhance cash flow in a low oil price environment. As we have previously mentioned, it will be a transition period before our financial results fully reflect our rapidly improving operational performance and synergy realizations.  In the fourth quarter, we announced an adjusted loss of $0.30 per diluted share and reported a loss of $1.50 per diluted share. The difference between adjusted and reported results is mainly due to a $1 billion loss reflecting Occidental's equity investment in WES at fair value on December 31 as well as $656 million of costs related to the acquisition.  Turning to our business segments. Oil and gas adjusted fourth quarter income of $630 million represented an increase compared to the prior quarter, primarily due to a full quarter of production from the legacy Anadarko assets, and partially offset by lower international crude oil volumes as our contracts in Qatar terminated in early October.  OxyChem surpassed guidance with fourth quarter income of $119 million despite scheduled plant outages and softer overall demand, which lowered production and sales volumes across many product lines. Marketing and midstream adjusted fourth quarter income of $200 million, which includes WES, decreased compared to the third quarter due to noncash mark-to-market losses, the tightening of the Midland to MEH differential and lower equity investment income due to the sale of our Plains units in the third quarter.  For the fourth quarter of 2019, we reported a balance sheet without consolidating WES. Starting in the first quarter of 2020, we will present our full financial statements without consolidating WES.  For the first quarter and full year 2020, we have provided guidance, which includes annual production growth of 2%. First quarter production guidance reflects planned downturn -- planned turnarounds at Dolphin and Al Hosn as well as the timing effects of several large pad developments in the Permian Resources.  As we continue to reduce debt in 2020 by applying asset divestiture proceeds and free cash flow, we will update the debt reduction tracker in our earnings presentation, so investors can see our progress towards our divestiture target of $15 billion net of taxes and in deleveraging.  I look forward to providing future updates on our progress. I'll now turn the call back over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: As Cedric said, we will provide updates over the next few quarters as our continuing improvements and enhancements become increasingly evident. For decades, Oxy has proven its ability to innovatively recover more hydrocarbons from reservoirs. We have the technical expertise to operate and develop our unique portfolio of high-quality, short-to-medium cycle assets that are perfectly positioned to ensure we will maintain our leadership as a low-cost operator.  This strengthens our ability to continue our long and steady track record of returning excess cash to shareholders. This, combined with our differentiated low-carbon strategy will ensure our success and sustainability into the future. We'll now open the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question today comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate: Vicki, I've got two questions, if I may. The first one is on disposal progress. Obviously, there is a fairly significant macro change underway right now. I'm just wondering, your November 14 press release suggested line of sight to the upper end of your $15 billion target by the middle of this year.  So I'm just wondering if you can give any color or confidence to reiterate that timeline and that target. Any color on the associated assets? And specifically, an update on Algeria and Ghana, where there seems to be some mixed news on whether the buyer is still -- has the appetite for those assets.
Vicki Hollub: Okay, Doug, I'll let Oscar actually give a full update on our divestitures.
Oscar Brown: Great. Thanks, Vicki. Doug, so regarding -- we'll start with Africa. Regarding Africa, of course, we continue to work with Total and the governments of Ghana and Algeria towards a positive resolution of the divestitures. So there is an increased risk, as you point out, associated with both timing and closing certainty, so that's become clear. We'll report more when we have something more substantial to talk about.  And just to be clear, it's hard to comment beyond what's public already. In Africa, as again, we remain bound by our definitive agreement with Total around these assets, but we're also cognizant that these assets, to these countries are very important to them and their interest in retaining foreign investment is very sensitive in -- to all their constituents. So we want to be careful with that. But a couple of things I think I can say. As you probably know, the assets in Ghana and Algeria are very high quality, produce significant cash flow and we've used that to pay down debt as well.  In the case of Algeria, the -- I guess, the one thing I can observe, which is obvious, is that since our -- the announcement of our deal with Total, Algeria has voted in a new president, has brought in a new administration. So that situation, in particular, is pretty fluid. So as we -- if you look at all that, we continue to run numerous sales processes as our commitment to hit the $15 million of asset sales hasn't changed, and that is something we'll hit with or without the remaining Africa divestitures.  So a great example that's come up again, we really like to keep these processes private. We found that's the best way to protect value, but another asset sale, as an example, to address your broader question that is in the press is the land grant. So that asset is primarily in Wyoming. There's been some press on that. It has over 1 million surface acres and over 4 million mineral acres and includes revenues from producing royalties, primarily from trona, but also from oil and gas, coal, other hard minerals and surface use, such as wind farms and grazing and so forth.  So while the state is clearly communicated a lot of interest in this asset. It is a competitive process, and there's a large number of qualified participants in that. And the winner of that asset will be one of the largest land and mineral owners in the United States. So that's an example, again. We don't want to list off a whole lot of those ideas and other things that we're actually pursuing. But we do think -- we do -- we're going to get to our $15 billion.  And everything we do, it's really important, too. As it relates to timing, we're focused on value. And we understand in this market environment, our timeline may need to be a little flexible to protect that value. But we still stick by our original announcement, original schedule we committed back at the announcement of the Anadarko deal. 12 to 24 months to get these transactions done from closing. We're about 8 months in since the acquisition, and I remain confident we'll get to the $15 billion within the original time frame.  So again, we're focused on value. We're focused on certainty of closing in terms of dealing with counterparts and all of our divestitures. We're still confident because, look, we've got -- as we've mentioned, over $100 billion of assets in our portfolio. We've got a good team and a good track record of success. So hopefully, that helps give a little color.
Douglas Leggate: That's very thorough. My follow-up, Vicki, is really just on the synergy number. And first of all, pretty rapid progress on getting the operational synergies done. I know it's only, I guess, Oscar said 8 months in. But I can't help but ask, well, you're -- you've obviously done it quicker. I'm wondering if you're seeing other things. There's a potential to reset that synergy target at some point. And if so, and what time? I'll leave it there.
Vicki Hollub: I think, certainly, we can reset the synergy target at some point. But now we're focused on making sure that we capture the synergies that we have that we've outlined as a goal. And I can tell you that progress has been actually amazing. And I want to emphasize that part of the reason for that progress is that we got the structure done and completed pretty quickly. We -- as you know, we've been working on our own company, our own organization and our own approach to business and to Shell versus EOR and all the other things that we do.  We've worked on and optimized those over the past few years. So we had a business model that we felt was working well for us. So we brought the Anadarko assets into our structure and have now started working with their business units. We rolled the Gulf of Mexico up under Ken Dillon, who manages our international operations and major projects. He has the most offshore experience of any of our leadership team. So he's managing those, brought in some good Oxy people, but most importantly, we retained an incredibly good the Gulf of Mexico team from Anadarko.  And then the Rockies business unit, we created the business unit there and just brought it under our domestic operations under Robert Palmer's leadership. And so the -- bringing the organization in was one thing that we did right off the bat. But the second thing that we were able to do very quickly was to start to work the culture. And fortunately, we found that culturally, the Anadarko employees that we brought with us and kept were -- had the same or similar culture to what we have. And I credit Jim Hackett for that. It's just been really good to bring those guys in.  And part of the thing that has driven the synergy capture so quickly for us, too. It's not just the amazing and outstanding performance of Permian Resources, and they're certainly ahead of schedule there. Thanks to Jeff Bennett and his leadership, but it's making sure that this was a process that we owned. Some companies will bring in consultants and use them throughout the process. We have an internal team working this and full of -- and then composed of ambassadors that are working throughout the organization, and they're the ones that go out and help to ensure that our business units and teams know where we are, know what the goals are, know the specific numbers, we're tracking them weekly.  Our board is very engaged on those 2. We actually have a board that's -- has an integration committee led by Dick Poladian, and Dick has done a great job to drive -- dive into the information and be a part of that team, driving progress very, very quickly. So culturally, organizationally, we're there.  The synergies are coming sooner, but other things are happening in our other business units. They may -- we may not call it a part of the synergies. But there are good things happening elsewhere where we're continuing to advance our technical capability, some of that in our own operations, and some of that in the Anadarko assets that we picked up. So I'd like to just kind of turn it to Ken Dillon for him to cover some of those. I think you'll find this as -- these are some of the things that will quantify over time and share with you, but these are the kinds of things that we're working on.
Kenneth Dillon: Thanks, Vicki. If we talk a little bit about Gulf of Mexico synergies with renegotiated contracts to date, we potentially see between an 8% and 15% reduction this year in the cost of the capital program. We've started to roll out Oxy Drilling Dynamics, and we're already making savings on the first wells with optimum sequencing. We expect a reduction in shutdown durations of 20% this year.  The Oxy maintenance programs will lead to a further 20% improvement next year in uptime. And recently, we were delighted that members of the Oxy Board of Directors visited the Deepwater Horn Mountain spar to emphasize commitment to HSE per staff and our contractors offshore and this follows their visit to Safa' in the desert in Oman last year.  Moving to Oman. We saw records this year in block 62 of 29,000 BOE per day, and we've developed new tools in-house for something we call Oxy jetting. It's a new completion technique, which we piloted on 15 wells. So far, we've seen improvements of between 200% and 300% on IPs of new wells for an increase of 5% in the D&C costs. It's not tracking, and I'm looking forward to being able to talk more about it on future calls. We previously talked about the Oxy field optimizer in Mukhaizna. So our high-speed reservoir models are now running in the cloud. And the system is making actual recommendations for steam allocation at Mukhaizna to the engineers. In the pilot area, which covered 3% of the field. We saw increases in oil production of about 1% with a decrease in steam of 14%, and we continue to increase the pilot area.  In Colombia, we increased the production at Llanos by 17% year-on-year, and we kicked off the Teca continuous steam flood project. So far, we've drilled 16 wells, and we're optimizing the development plans with our good partner, Ecopetrol. In exploration, our teams delivered 52 million barrels of resources at a binding cost of $3 a barrel in 2019. So if you look over the last 3 years, they've added 200 million barrels of resources to our portfolio.  Abu Dhabi, we saw a record production at Al Hosn of 86.6 MBOE per day as part of our winter plant trials. And on schedule, we awarded the feed this quarter to AMAC in the U.K., so we're on track for increasing capacity to 1.45. So overall, a good year with the HES performance, peak production and continue to innovate and break records.
Vicki Hollub: And just one last thing on the divestitures. Remember, we're repaying 3% debt with proceeds and have no 2020 debt maturities. So while we share, certainly our investors' sense of urgency around lowering the debt. We do have flexibility as it pertains to retaining cash flow, for example, the Africa assets are generating right now around $700 million of annual cash flow at $60 Brent. So we do have some flexibility with that.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Sankey of Mizuho.
Paul Sankey: Vicki, the investment case for oil is really very much about the dividend and no less at Oxy. Can you reassure us that it really is your highest priority to keep paying the dividend that the environment being as difficult as it is? And would you actually be -- want to cut CapEx in order to keep paying it?
Vicki Hollub: Thanks, Paul. Yes. Our dividend policy is what it's been for the last probably 20 years are. And we approach it based on our cash flow priorities, which is, first, to maintain our operations. And after maintaining our operations, certainly, it's the dividend and capital share repurchases, those things come after that. So we do have the flexibility to do other impacts to our cost structure that -- to continue to pay our dividend.  Our intent is to balance our cash flows, but we -- again, with the flexibility of this enormous portfolio that we have today with the things that our teams are doing to drive efficiencies and improvements and cost reductions. We're actually in a good scenario, I think, because we don't expect this situation to last, but we can last through this situation.
Paul Sankey: Understood. And just to be clear, could you talk a bit more about your flexibility to cut? I mean, at the moment, you're growing, obviously, you could conceivably go growth flat or growth negative. And if you could just talk about some of your flexibility because it is important for people.  Secondly and finally, could you just reiterate on the divestment program, because I think that's the other very important thing to people? Obviously, you've gone through it line-by-line. But to be clear, you're reiterating that by midyear, you will have done the $15 billion. Is that what I've read or already said, sorry, then seen re-reported online?
Vicki Hollub: I'll address the dividend first, and you're right. We have built a scenario around currently -- certainly, the environment we're in. We don't know how long the -- this coronavirus impact will last. So what we've done is we've actually initiated our business continuity plans. And we started to look at various scenarios and what we would do in a situation where this looks to be lower for longer. So we have the flexibility to first lower our growth to no growth. Beyond that, we have the flexibility to go even lower than that and still maintain our production.  So -- and beyond that, we -- I think we've said in the past that because of the high-growth assets that we have, we could actually allow our production to decline a little bit. If we're in a scenario where the lower prices are being driven by an event, and this is that case. Because remember now, prices were $55 or above before the coronavirus hit. So we believe that this is not a scenario that's going to last for so long that it would put us in a scenario that we can't deal with it -- with the situation that we have. So we've got those scenarios built in, and we've got time lines on when we would make decisions and pull triggers. So we're well prepared to address this.  And with respect to the divestitures, we're very confident that we will achieve the $15 billion. But given the scenario we're in today, I think every company is now looking at what their plans are. And trying to decide what do you do in this scenario? And what are the things that will -- that you should start to adjust?  We believe that we will achieve the synergies but I'm going to pass it Oscar. But I believe that some of the situations that we're in right now, our timeline could be impacted by just the fact that some of the interested parties can't travel. They can't leave their countries. And so there are some travel impacts that could have -- could lay some of what our interaction with counterparties would be. Oscar do you have more on that?
Oscar Brown: Yes. I think that's totally fair, Vicki, and you summed it up pretty well. So we've got -- what I'd say is we've got line of sight to midyear and the processes we have going, but we've got to be cognizant of this environment whether it's travel, the volatility of the commodity, all of that.  I think, again, we're focused on value. So the timing needs to slip a little bit to protect that. I think it's understandable if we look for that flexibility, I think you'd agree.
Vicki Hollub: But I would say that if we believe that we still -- we'll still work the process with Algeria and Ghana, but we do have a plan Bs, as Oscar alluded to, we can go to plan Bs and replace the proceeds we would have gotten from Algeria with other asset sales that essentially have about the same cash flow impact.
Operator: The next question comes from Devin McDermott of Morgan Stanley.
Devin McDermott: So I wanted to build on some of the questions that were already asked around synergies, specifically. And I was hoping if you could comment on, given the reduction in capital spend that you've already made here for 2020 versus the original plan and the fact that you are on track to you -- achieve your synergies ahead of the original schedule, how that impacts the kind of capital budget ranges for 2021?  I understand it's far out to give preliminary guidance there, but you previously talked about $6.6 billion of spend for 5% growth. And then also talked about a maintenance CapEx scenario there. How have those ranges? Or how has that range changed based on what you been to achieve so far in terms of synergy realization?
Vicki Hollub: Well, the $6.6 billion that we said with a 5% growth was based on the synergies that we expected to capture in that timeline. And as you just said, the timeline has been accelerated. So we have not laid out what the scenario would look like yet, and we're working that. But we -- we're certain that, obviously, that we get the 5% at $6.6 billion, but we do believe that there's the opportunity that we could get to 5% with -- certainly, with a lower capital. We just haven't calculated that number. What we'd like to see is how some of these other ideas and opportunities play out. So we're -- I would just say that now, I'm pretty excited about 2021 and about what we can do based on what we're seeing today.
Devin McDermott: Got it. Great. That makes sense. And I wanted to ask as my second question, a bit of a longer-term one, and it relates to some of what you're doing on the Low Carbon Ventures front. And I think Oxy is in somewhat of a unique position, given the large CO2 enhanced oil recovery business you have. And I like the proactive approach with the Low Carbon Ventures and work to use anthropogenic CO2 in that business. But I was wondering if you could talk specifically to the opportunity set that you see there, kind of the return profile of some of those investments, and how you're thinking about that fitting into the business in a more meaningful way longer term.
Vicki Hollub: Longer term, we actually think that, that's going to be a business that will generate significant cash flow and earnings for us over time. With what our team is seeing today, there's a lot of interest in partnerships with companies that don't have the capability to otherwise lower their carbon footprint. So there are a lot of situations out there where that exists.  For competitive reasons, I can't talk specifics here. But I will say that, that there is now so much interest in -- by all types of companies that this is going to be a scenario where we have partners that come in and invest and/or we can sell ultimately CO2 offsets. And we can generate our own electricity cheaper to also provide CO2 for our operations or we can provide electricity to others through the technology that we've invested in today.  So with the combination of anthropogenic from industry with net power generating lower cost electricity for our CO2 operations, while also providing the CO2 for our operations. And then the the direct air capture, which is a process that we're doing a FEED study on now, and we'll ultimately start construction, we believe, late 2021 or 2022.  With all of those, plus the interest and others to come in and invest and/or buy offsets, it's -- there's lots of opportunity for us to start making that a business line. And at this point, I really can't say more than that. But we will -- as we can, we will share much more information. And I think by the end of the year, we'll have a lot of exciting things to tell.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Todd of Simmons Energy.
Ryan Todd: Maybe a couple of follow-ups here. I mean, you've talked a lot about divestiture program and about, I guess, maintaining the dividend there in this period. I mean, what do you see as the trade-offs or the downsides of just -- I was just targeting maintenance CapEx until debt is reduced to a certain level on a multiyear basis. How do you view the trade-offs between modest growth you're targeting over the medium-term versus the potential to pull forward debt reduction? And maybe the trade-offs of the benefits of targeting a larger -- the larger divestiture program to get the debt down faster and be in a position where you can start to talk about distribution growth?
Vicki Hollub: Well, I think Oscar could say a little bit more about going beyond the $15 billion here in a minute. But to start with, I would say that our -- we do want to get our debt down. We want to get our debt down to -- at a $60 WTI to be about 1.5% ratio, but in doing that, remember now, our investment in organic growth delivers incredibly good returns.  So what we're trying to balance is delivering returns to our shareholders while repairing the balance sheet. We think we can do both. And so we're working to do both over time, and the divestitures are really what we are targeting to help to lower that debt a lot faster and with what we have in the portfolio, we believe we can do that. Oscar, if you want to make a comment or two?
Oscar Brown: Yes. I guess, just simple math. So we said, clearly, we've got processes ongoing or prepared to launch well in excess of $15 billion, whether or not we close on Africa. So to be clear, we do have -- we've kind of done what you're suggesting, right? We've got a lot more in the market than we need under really any scenario just for this purpose to be competitive across assets, be able to pull deals that we don't like, to sell things we do like.  The land grant is an interesting one, where it's relatively immune from volatility in the oil and gas price. Its value is elsewhere. And so these are kind of things we'll try to accelerate. So clearly, where we can protect value moving forward, we're moving them forward. And where this volatility, if it slows down a couple of them, it slows down a few of them. So it's a portfolio approach, and it's a big effort.
Ryan Todd: Okay. And maybe one, you have a slide in the presentation where you run through the kind of the multiyear timing outlook on a number of your conventional assets around the world. What sort of timing requirements do you have on the various conventional assets globally? I mean, is there a limit to how far you can defer activity in places like Oman, Abu Dhabi and Colombia?
Vicki Hollub: We are currently meeting all of our commitments on all of our international conventional assets. So I think we're doing a very good job of that. We work very closely with the governments and our partner companies in those areas to make sure that we're delivering what we said we would do, and we optimize where we can, and some of the activity that Ken talked about in Oman, in particular, is delivering better results with less capital than we had originally anticipated. So I think that we're doing well with all of our conventional asset commitments.
Kenneth Dillon: Yes, it's Ken here. I think I walked through quite a few of the ones on the sheet earlier. I think we're on track for 2019, 2020, 2021. And we studied the well in Abu Dhabi. Things are going well there, Shah expansion, our Al Hosn expansion is going well. White Energy project is moving ahead, target 40 million scalps per day. It's in design with a company we like working with. We've got plenty of places to put the CO2, which takes you through the 2020-2021 timeframe. In Oman, seismic has gone well. We're interpreting the 3D seismic we captured last year on the main blocks.  Exploration wells. We've got a 75% technical success rate there, just under 50% commercial success rate and our binding costs are about $3, barrels. That's going well. So overall, I think for all of the items listed, Colombia, we kicked off Teca. First 16 wells, drilling costs coming down facilities, well mapped out, moving ahead. I'd say, completions, we're working jointly with EcoPetrol. And then we're getting ready for the Teca ramp up. So I would say generally meeting everything on that Slide 21 in terms of dates, which is the on-time, on-budget is one of our mantras.
Operator: The next question today comes from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Vicki, just curious that, once that you get your debt under control. Is there a target ratio of how much is the cash flow you want to reinvest, and how much is going to return to the shareholder? I'm not talking about the next month or 2 years, obviously, the way the debt repayment is going to be the priority, that may change it. But in the longer term, how should we look at the business model? How you're going to use on the cash flow? Is there a ratio that you are targeting?
Vicki Hollub: Well, under the scenario that we're working today, you can model it that. We were assuming that a 5% growth is the cap of where we really feel like we need to be over time. So the -- no matter what the oil price is, whether it's $70 or $80, we don't think that we need to have more than a 5% growth.  So the excess cash beyond what we need to invest organically to deliver that growth would go to generally the share repurchases or other investments like that. But from a capital standpoint, growth standpoint, we think 5% is sufficient. So I don't know what our ratio, it will change over time, actually.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And the net is under, say, call it, $55, $60 Brent price, what will be the target growth rate for you guys then?
Vicki Hollub: $55 to $60 is still the 5%. We're not going to adjust and run our capital -- our organic capital investment up as oil prices go up. We're really going to manage the business at an optimum investment rate. And that investment rate generally will deliver that 5% growth. And so we don't want to get ahead of ourselves with respect to maximizing net present value of our developments.
Operator: The next question comes from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov: When you said a few months ago that you will reduce your stake in Western midstream to less than 50%, the yield on Western midstream units was maybe 10% or so. To date, it's almost 20%. Given how distressed those units are trading, does it make sense to divest any of them under current conditions?
Oscar Brown: It's Oscar. I'll take that one. No. Generally, no. But -- that's a short answer. But clearly, we've got a commitment in terms of what we've done and then standing less up independently and deconsolidation and all of that, where we do need to get below 50%. But we do have timing flexibility on that as well.  It's not something that necessarily needs to be done right away. But we agree, we're the largest shareholder. We pay the price as much as anybody more. So probably, so some patience around that is clearly something that would make sense.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. One more on the decarbonization aspect to the story. Most other companies that have put out a net 0 target have given a timetable, 2050 or something else. Realistically, when do you anticipate being ready to give a timetable for your net 0 status.
Vicki Hollub: Our teams have already worked out a fairly detailed strategy around getting there. In fact, this strategy that they worked is not an aspirational goal. It's the outcome of a defined program, where we actually have on a time line milestones for the development of direct air capture anthropogenic CO2 and the installation of net power over time. So the last I saw that -- and we're not saying this is a target, but the last I saw of what that would deliver, well, it looks like in the 2040 to 2045 timeframe, we would be carbon neutral.
Operator: The next question today comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: I wanted to start with a couple of follow-ups on questions from earlier. First, with regards to a lower commodity environment, given the low-cost of debt from your financing round last summer. How would you weigh going to no growth going to decline versus taking on additional debt to keep the dividend sustained? And then separately, since you brought up the land grant, can you characterize where you see free cash flow coming from there right now?
Vicki Hollub: I would say that we will not take on debt. We don't feel the need to do that. We think that with the flexibility that we have in almost any scenario, especially given the fact that we've hedged 350,000 barrels a day. That, along with the fact that $40 oil is just not sustainable for our industry over time. So we have the time to work through this, and we would actually allow our production to decline a little bit because now with the Permian Resources business with the DJ Basin, and even ultimately, the power Powder River, those are very fast production cash flow recovery engines.  And so we would have the ability to recover from allowing our production to decline. Remember now, back when we just had conventional assets, that were -- that had a much lower growth profile over time. That would not have been possible. But today, we have that flexibility. So we would not take on debt to pay the dividend. We would -- what we'd do is allow our capital investments, organic capital investments decline.
Oscar Brown: Real quick, it's Oscar. On the land grant, we haven't disclosed the cash flow associated with it. But the way I think about it is like this, the value inherent in the assets. So again, a lot of surface and a lot of minerals and minerals of all kinds, hard and liquid and so forth, that -- at least as much value is in the optionality and the future development of the -- of that surface in the minerals and just the value of it there as to the value of the current cash flows today. So we do like the potential value of this asset in terms -- while it will have some impact on cash flow, because it has cash flow, we expect the multiple of the asset value to be higher than you'd expect with more traditional asset sales.
Brian Singer: Great. And then my follow-up is with regards to two plays within the E&P portfolio, the Permian and the Powder River Basin. On the Permian on Slide 28, you highlight the significant increase each year in well performance and wondered what your outlook is for 2020 and the extent to which longer laterals will drive well performance versus other measures? And then just any milestones that you expect in the Powder River Basin this year and now you see that play developing within the portfolio?
Vicki Hollub: I'd say on the Permian Resources business, I was really surprised. Well I had forecasted the 2019 from 2018 improvement to be in the 5% to 10% range. And you can see they clearly at that. With some of the things that our team is talking about today, differences in the way we do, not just our -- where we've put our laterals, but the way we pump our frac jobs.  Going back to the improvements I've made previously. I believe there's still room to further stimulate the near wellbore along the full lateral and to recover more near wellbore reserves. And I think that they can work on some things to do that over time. So I think that -- I'd hate to give a number, but I do expect us to improve. I don't think we'll plateau from 2019 to 2020. I think we'll see improvement this year and improvement going into next year as well.  With respect to the Powder River, that's an exciting area. We've done some appraisal work. The team and the sparking Powder Rivers, all legacy Anadarko, they're incredibly good. They've looked at the offset operators, looked at what they're doing. They're now -- they've shared their information with our internal people on the Permian Resources, we're learning things both ways. That team is going to -- that team will make some significant noise in the Powder river, I believe. Once they get started, we won't be very aggressive there this year. We'll pick up activity, probably the -- toward the middle to the latter part of next year.
Operator: The next question today comes from Jeanine Wai of Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: This is Jeanine. My first question is on Permian maintenance CapEx. We've had a lot of discussion on that play so far. Can you or maybe quantify how Permian maintenance CapEx trends over the next couple of years? So I mean, we're thinking depending on the growth rate, the decline rates could moderate and potentially facilities-related spending could also decline, and both of those would be tailwinds.
Vicki Hollub: The way we look at that really is from a capital-intensity standpoint, and we see that our capital intensity right now is down in the low 20s. And so we believe that with the efforts that we can make around optimizing our base production. And designing our fracs so that they are recovering more ultimate reserves from essentially the same sort of designs, I think that the maintenance capital shouldn't significantly increase over time. Jeff, do you have any numbers around that?
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. I mean, what Vicki said, and Jeanine, I think is what you're getting at is, the maintenance capital, obviously, as your base gets bigger, that drives maintenance higher. But what's going on is, with the lower growth rate, you get a lower decline. And then with what Vicki said, with the capital intensity continuing to improve, we wouldn't expect maintenance capital for Permian Resources to go up significantly even on a much larger base, which normally you would expect that to happen.  We shouldn't see that because of the improvements in performance, lower decline. And as you mentioned, we will get lower facility costs with time because you're not opening up new areas or new fronts, you're able to leverage the facilities that are already in place. So that business will continue to get better on that front.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. That's really interesting. My second question is just on activity, and Vicki, following up on your prior comments about willingness to respond to a potentially lower-for-longer scenario. You said that you could go ex-growth or maybe even decline a little bit, depending on the environment.  Does that imply that there really isn't any non-D&C CapEx could be pushed off and that reducing CapEx for the year with just all the non-D&C activity. So we noticed that in the oil and gas CapEx budget, facilities and exploration between the 2 of those, it's about 24%. So maybe there's potentially a scenario that you could push some of that off and still kind of keep the machine going.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. And that would be the first to go. We've tiered our capital so that as we go through this, and we start having to having lower capital, the less productive capital goes first. Now that would mean that there could be a point in the future where our facilities CapEx could be a higher percentage. But given where we are in optimizing our developments in this kind of scenario, that's exactly what we would do.
Operator: The final question will come from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: I guess, one thing I'd like to touch on, if possible, on the Gulf of Mexico on the chart or Slide 21, you mentioned the Eastern Gulf of Mexico exploration discovery, and then obviously, targeting additional exploration in the out-years. As we think about the sensitivity of CapEx in a, call it, lower-for-longer period here with oil prices, where does the exploration need in the Gulf fit in with the general idea that you were going to keep production relatively stable there in the Gulf, sort of that question that's been asked about the Permian and maybe overall in the company? How do you manage constraints on one end with goals on the other and keeping that business on a sound footing?
Kenneth Dillon: It's Ken. I'll take that one. Essentially, it's not only keeping production flat. It's -- the Gulf of Mexico generates a large amount of net free cash flow. So our goal is really to have a 10-year plan, which focuses on keeping the net free cash flow relatively constant over that time frame. As I mentioned on a previous call, we love Horn Mountain. That was one of our assets originally continues to look better and better. Central gun looks really interesting also.  So we see really good opportunities for near-field tiebacks. And we're also participating in ongoing activities where we can consolidate around those areas. So that's -- the goal is maintain long-term steady net free cash flow from barrels, which are really, really high-margin barrels that can compete with everything in the portfolio. And we have great teams, long history, going all the way back to the Oxy in past years ago.
Roger Read: Okay, great. And then a follow-up question. You mentioned, obviously, the change in the Board structure that's gone on, some of the other things in terms of accessibility for shareholder initiatives and all that. Since the next time you have an earnings call, we'll probably be deep into the proxy season. I was just curious, has there been any change on that front you'd want to comment on?
Vicki Hollub: Sure. Recently, we announced that Andrew Gould would join our board, that's going to be effective March 1. And we think that adding Andrew complements the addition to Bob Shearer to the board in July of last year. Andrew's decades of operational and financial execution leadership in the industry will further strengthen our Board of Directors. So those two adds were part of a process that we feel like we're really excited about that's brought some new and different experience to our Board.  And also as a part of the independent chair succession plan, the board approved last year, Gene Batchelder will step down as chair after this year's annual meeting, and he'll be succeeded by Jack Moore, who is our Vice Chair this year. Accordingly, Gene has indicated that he will not seek reelection to the Board. But I do appreciate Gene and Jack, as they've gone through this process, this has probably been the first formal succession to the chair role that Oxy has ever had. So that process has worked well this year.  Additionally, Spencer Abraham has served us for a while now, has indicated to the board that he has decided not to stand for reelection. So we're grateful for both Mr. Batchelder and Mr. Abraham for their contributions and their service to the board. And then the other thing I wanted to highlight is, I already mentioned that the 2 new committees this year I mentioned that Dick Poladian was leading the integration committee. He's also our audit chair. So he's been a big part of helping us structure the metrics and follow the integration and make that as successful as it's been.  But -- also, I want to highlight that Peggy Foran has been appointed Chair of the Sustainability and Shareholder Engagement Committee. Peggy's proactive shareholder outreach and thought leadership on key governance issues has earned her, really, the global recognition as a leader in corporate governance, and we appreciate the leadership and expertise that she brings to this committee and to our Board. That committee, we want that committee to help us be much more engaged and further proactive around shareholder concerns and engagement.  So with that, what I'd like to do is one last information is to, again, reiterate that, that I'm very, very pleased with the acceleration of our synergies. And those -- that acceleration of synergies was only made possible by the fact that we accelerated the integration of our two businesses.  I wanted to pass it to Cedric to talk a little bit about the one-time charges that have occurred and what you can expect in the first quarter, both fourth quarter that you just saw and first quarter coming up?
Cedric Burgher: Yes, great. So there's been a number of questions logically so around the timing and magnitude of the one-time costs and also some confusion, we're going to try to clear up here with respect to when the costs are expensed and when they actually are paid out in cash because the timing will be different.  So through the fourth quarter, we incurred approximately $1.6 billion in integrated related costs, and that is an expense item. And this year, we expect to incur an additional $400 million to $500 million in integration cost. So through the fourth quarter, $868 million was paid out in cash and the remainder of that total balance will be paid out -- expected to be paid out this year in 2020.  So as we looked at it, the paybacks are phenomenally good with these moves. They're very good paybacks. And so incurring these costs earlier in the process will enable the benefits to flow to our bottom line sooner than it originally expected. So as Vicki mentioned, we are significantly ahead of plan and schedule. Very excited about that. And we think that the financials are going to reflect that beginning this year.
Vicki Hollub: Okay. I'll close with another thanks to our employees and to all of the -- all of you who participated on our call today. Thanks again, and have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Occidental's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ken Dillon, President, International Oil and Gas Operations; BJ Hebert, President of OxyChem; and Oscar Brown, Senior Vice President, Strategy, Business Development and Integrated Supply. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki.  As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements or more fully described in our cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements on Slide 2. Our earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules and our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com.  I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to welcome you to our first earnings call since closing the acquisition of Anadarko on August 8. I'd like to thank our employees who are hard at work updating our development and capital spending plans and implementing our team-based structure across the combined organization with an emphasis on safety, collaboration, creativity and results. Our integration and value capture team is working with our business units to capture synergies at an early stage so we can deliver the full potential of this transaction for our shareholders. As we work through the integration process, we become more confident every day in our ability to fully realize annual capital overhead and OpEx synergies of $2 billion, which I'll provide more detail on in a few minutes.  For those of you who know Oxy well, you'll see our third quarter financial statements include a number of changes due to the completion of the Anadarko acquisition mid-quarter. Our income and cash flow statements capture legacy Oxy results for a full quarter and include Legacy Anadarko results as well as consolidated WES results for only 53 days. WES is now consolidated in our financial statements as a fourth operating segment, and our balance sheet reflects the consolidated company, including WES as of September 30. For transparency for our shareholders, we have provided a schedule in our earnings release, breaking out key financial and operational information from Oxy and WES on a stand-alone basis. As our financial statements do not include a full quarter of Legacy Anadarko and WES results, we understand that Street consensus was not able to reconcile all of the line items affected by the acquisition this quarter, for example, DD&A, tax and interest.  Going to Slide 4. Oxy's complementary assets and the alignment of our Upstream, Chemical and Midstream businesses, including our ability to compete in a low-carbon world, position us for a full cycle success. Our leadership in each area where we operate, combined with our enhanced portfolio of high-return, short-cycle cash-flow-generating assets will facilitate profitable free cash flow growth, which we will utilize to reduce debt and also to return additional cash to shareholders. The substantial free cash flow we will generate in higher price environments, combined with our ability to pay a sector-leading dividend throughout lower commodity price environments, is unmatched.  Post-acquisition, Oxy's diversified portfolio provides numerous competitive advantages. Oxy is now the largest oil and gas leaseholder in the United States on a net acreage basis, providing us with ample opportunities in the Permian, DJ, Powder River and the Gulf of Mexico to selectively deploy capital in a way that optimizes capital intensity. Oxy was the largest U.S. producer of oil and liquids on a combined company basis in the first half of 2019. This will allow us to maximize cash margins on a BOE basis, especially when taking our advantaged Midstream position into account. Through the acquisition, we acquired approximately 450,000 square miles of modern 3D seismic data in our core domestic development areas. This included a 40% increase in our already extensive Permian seismic inventory. The advantages that Oxy's diversified portfolio provides, coupled with our unmatched subsurface characterization ability and the execution excellence that Oxy is known for, ensures that we are positioned for full cycle success in the years ahead.  As we continue our integration efforts, we are aligning WES to work seamlessly with Oxy's Upstream business. We're standing WES up as a more independent operation and to improve operating performance to benefit both Oxy's Upstream business and WES, inclusive of enabling WES to be more competitive for third-party business. We're also evaluating alternatives that could result in the deconsolidation of WES in the future. However, we expect to retain a significant economic interest in WES for the foreseeable future as we recognize their tremendous value that WES provides, and we plan to drive long-term value for both companies.  Before providing additional details on synergy capture, I want to turn to the excellent operational results that our businesses continue to deliver. Since completing the acquisition of Anadarko, we continue to make quick progress towards fully achieving our post-acquisition divestiture and deleveraging goals. During the third quarter, we divested our Plains interest for net proceeds of $650 million and closed the sale of our Mozambique LNG stake for $3.9 billion. Upon completion of the divestitures contracted since May 2019, we will have essentially reached the lower end of our $10 billion to $15 billion divestiture goal net of taxes. We applied the proceeds from our closed divestitures toward reducing debt and have already eliminated our 2020 debt maturities. I'm very proud of the progress our teams have made over the last few months. We know that we have more to do on the deleveraging front, and I look forward to being able to make that additional announcement as we move forward towards the top end of our goal.  Our integration and value capture efforts are proceeding exceptionally well without shifting focus away from our core business, which is evident from our strong third quarter operational results. Oxy continues to deliver the best wells in the basin, having delivered 25 of the top 100 wells in the Delaware Basin while drilling less than 7% of the total wells. We accomplished this using less proppant than peers, which results in lower cost for us. We also designed our developments with a full cycle -- with our life cycle approach using appropriate well spacing that we expect to deliver optimal results now and in the future.  While we tend to highlight the Permian as it is a growth asset for us, all of our businesses continue to perform well. Since the close of the Anadarko acquisition, single day or monthly production records have been set in the Gulf of Mexico, DJ, Al Hosn and Permian resources for both legacy Anadarko and Oxy assets. This demonstrates the quality and expertise of both the former Oxy and Anadarko employees as they stay laser-focused on delivering superior results even during this integration process.  As proud as I am of all of our teams for the operational excellence they have maintained during integration, I'm even more pleased with our outstanding safety record. Our teams are continuing to look for ways to further improve our safety performance as operating safely is and will continue to be a core value for us.  Our consistent industry-leading operational results, combined with our ability to fully deliver on value capture, positions us for a full cycle success and enhances our ability to generate increased excess free cash flow to reduce debt and to return cash to shareholders. Returning excess capital to our shareholders is a part of Oxy's DNA. In the third quarter, we returned approximately $600 million to shareholders.  Going to Slide 7. I'm thankful to have had the opportunity to engage with many of our shareholders over the past few months to discuss the free cash flow potential of the new Oxy. Interest in our 2020 capital plan is high. While we typically do not release our full year capital budget until our fourth quarter earnings call, we're able to provide many details of our 2020 capital plan this morning. Our 2020 capital budget of $5.3 billion to $5.5 billion will deliver expected annual total company production growth of 2%. This represents an approximate reduction of $3.6 billion from Anadarko's and Oxy's combined 2019 capital budgets.  When we communicated our annual synergy target of $2 billion, we also stated that capital spending would be reduced by $1.5 billion, lowering our company-wide annual production growth from approximately 10% to 5%. We have gone further than this for 2020. We anticipate that the combination of lower capital spending and production growth will generate greater free cash flow, enhanced by our industry-leading capital efficiency, which I'll touch on shortly.  2020 production growth on the company level will be driven by Permian resources, while we expect production from other areas to be flat or grow at a reduced rate compared to 2019. We expect Permian Resources production to grow by approximately 5% in 2020, operating 15 gross rigs and 8 net rigs. The rough breakout for specific areas is 5 rigs in new Mexico; 6 to 7 in Legacy Anadarko, Texas Delaware; and 3 to 4 in the Midland Basin JV. In the DJ, our plan represents approximately three operated rigs.  As Permian resources shelf production becomes a larger portion of our total oil and gas production, we expect our oil and gas base decline rate to increase to 25% in 2020. However, we do not expect our base decline rate to continue to increase in future years given our moderated growth rate. Similar to 2019, our 2020 capital program is dominated by short-cycle investments. At approximately $35 WTI, our 2020 program would generate a double-digit rate of return. Oxy remains flexible throughout the commodity cycle. And if necessary, in less than 6 months, we can reduce capital spending to sustaining levels.  Looking past 2020, we know that capital discipline will continue to be important to investors. Our intent is to cap our annual production growth at an average of 5% as we balance the vast opportunities in our portfolio with growing free cash flow. Our planned activity in 2020 should enable us to grow production by 5% annually in 2021 with a capital budget of $6.6 billion. As for 2019, capital discipline, as always, is intact at Oxy as we remain on track to spend within our combined capital budget of $8.6 billion, excluding Africa.  Since the acquisition closed, we've had the opportunity to take a deeper dive into the company that's combined, Oxy/Anadarko, and are as excited today as we have been at any time during the last 2 years about the opportunities in front of us. Through the strength of our combined companies, we've identified approximately 150 specific capital synergy initiatives across our enhanced portfolio, which we plan to incorporate into our development plans. Applying these initiatives will lower well costs by $3.1 million per well in Texas Delaware and by $600,000 per well in the DJ Basin.  In drilling and completions, we are implementing efficient development concepts utilizing Oxy drilling dynamics to improve the trajectory of the bid and wellbore, which reduces drill times and costs. For example, we expect to improve our drilling rates or footage drilled per day in the Texas Delaware about 35%. The technical work completed by all of our teams to identify savings initiatives and to improve well productivity has been outstanding, and I'm extremely confident in our ability to execute and realize the full synergy targets.  On Slide 10, we provide a bottom-up view of the $605 million of drilling and completion synergies based on expected savings per well and estimated 2021 net well counts to achieve annual production growth of 5% in 2021.  On Slide 11, in addition to realizing $900 million in capital synergies, Oxy's best-in-class capital intensity is expected to continue to improve. This often underappreciated measure of operational excellence and competitive advantage truly sets Oxy's capabilities in the Permian apart from other operators. As a reminder, capital intensity is defined as the total net annual capital required for 1,000 net barrels per day of average annual ledge production.  Fully capturing our capital synergies and improving our overall capital intensity through faster time to market and better well performance will contribute to driving efficient wedge growth, enabling Oxy to deliver expected production growth of 5% in 2021 with $6.6 billion in capital. We've been a top performer in capital intensity for multiple years, and we will substantially improve the capital efficiency of our newly combined Permian resource portfolio. We expect the largest improvement in intensity to originate from legacy Anadarko Delaware acreage, along with continued improvements from legacy Oxy acreage. Our unmatched Permian capital intensity reflects significant improvements in time-to-market through our efficient operations and SIMOPS planning, applying Oxy's advanced subsurface characterization to improve well results and limited inference to reduce infrastructure costs in our legacy acreage from the reuse of existing facilities and the high grading of inventory as well as implementing our Midland Basin joint venture with EcoPetrol.  In 2020, improvement in capital intensity is aided by the deceleration in capital spending. Moving into 2021, we will maintain our intensity in the low 20s -- $20 million range, even when production grows from Permian Resources is increased to support annual company production growth of 5%. While this example applies to our Permian Resources business, we continue to make notable productivity and efficiency gains across all business segments. We will highlight some of the exciting initiatives in our other areas in next quarter's earnings call.  On Slide 12, overhead synergies will be derived from aligning our workforce to meet the current needs of our company and carving out costs related to assets that will be divested in reducing real estate and other costs. In terms of reducing OpEx, Permian cash operating costs continue to be at the lowest they've been in a decade, driven by our long-term, high-return investments, including facilities and infrastructure. We expect this trend to continue, especially with our large footprint in the Permian.  On Slide 13, as I mentioned earlier, we have had many initiatives underway to fully capture the synergies promised. You can see on our energy tracker, we've already made progress in adding both overhead and capital synergies. While our progress in realizing synergies may not be linear, we will continue to provide updates so investors are able to clearly see our progress each quarter.  Turning to Permian Resources. We again delivered the highest number of top wells in the Delaware Basin on a 6- and 12-month cumulative basis, and we continue to drive significant productivity improvements. We also continued to reach new milestones, including a record 10,000-foot lateral drilled in only 10.7 days and a record 267 completion stages in 1 month completed by one frac team. This is a record for Oxy and also for our main frac provider in the Permian.  Following my earlier comment on safety, I'd like to draw attention to our new Mexico completions team, which went in an entire year without a single OSHA recordable incident for employees and contractors. That includes over 2 million work hours, conducting high-pressure frac operations without an incident. This is a remarkable achievement.  The next slide reinforces our unique development approach and subsurface expertise, one of the key factors that continuously enables us to deliver the best wells while using less proppant than others, resulting in significant capital savings. Oxy's combined acreage portfolio supports nearly 1/3 of the top wells in the Delaware Basin, including Anadarko's 6 record wells. The subsurface potential in the acquired acreage is prolific, and we can't wait to unlock more top wells using our development expertise, combined with Anadarko's best practices.  I'll now hand the call over to Cedric, who will walk you through our financial results and updated guidance.
Cedric Burgher: Thanks, Vicki. As we move forward as a combined company, our commitment to capital discipline and returning capital to shareholders remains unchanged. We remain on track to spend within our full year pro forma combined capital budget of $8.6 billion, excluding Africa. Furthermore, we have an established -- we have established a capital budget for 2020 that we expect will fully optimize free cash flow and position us to grow production in a capital-efficient manner while maintaining the safety of our dividend. In the third quarter, we returned $660 million of cash to shareholders through our dividend, protecting our dividend as a top priority, and we look forward to continuing to return significant capital to our shareholders.  Continuing with our third quarter results, taking into account the mid-quarter completion of the acquisition, we announced adjusted earnings of $0.11 per diluted share and reported a loss of $1.08 per diluted share. The difference between adjusted and reported results is mainly due to the $969 million of onetime costs related to the Anadarko acquisition and $325 million of oil and gas impairment charges.  With respect to our segments, oil and gas adjusted income decreased in the third quarter compared to the prior quarter, mainly due to lower international production and lower realized oil prices. Total third quarter reported production from continuing operations of 1.1 million BOEs per day included contributions from legacy Anadarko operations of 377,000 BOEs per day. As Vicki mentioned, all of our U.S. upstream businesses are performing exceptionally well, with several single day or monthly average production records having been set since completion of the acquisition. Oxy's legacy Permian resources operations exceeded guidance with production of 300,000 BOEs per day due to best-in-class well results and execution. Actual production of 655,000 BOEs per day for Anadarko's legacy U.S. businesses exceeded guidance of 585,000 to 630,000 BOEs per day due to improved operability in the DJ, Permian and Gulf of Mexico.  To assist investors with reconciling reported and pro forma production for the third quarter, we have included a table in the appendix of this presentation, breaking down actual total company production of 1.4 million BOEs per day by operating area.  OxyChem surpassed guidance with income of $207 million for the third quarter despite vinyl margins coming under pressure from increased ethylene costs, which were driven higher by industry-wide ethylene cracker downtime. Higher ethylene costs were offset by stronger sales and production across most product lines. Our Marketing and other Midstream business reported third quarter adjusted income of $155 million, excluding $111 million gain on the sale of our Plains interest driven by a Midland to MEH differential of approximately $5.30. Compared to the second quarter, the decrease in earnings was largely driven by the narrowing of the Midland to MEH differential impacting Marketing margins. As the differential compresses and impacts Marketing income, currently, 70% of the impact will be realized as an income benefit to the Upstream business.  For the fourth quarter, we have provided guidance on a combined company basis and expect Permian Resources growth to slow as we have begun moderating our capital spend going into 2020. Fourth quarter international guidance reflects the termination of the Idd El Shargi North and South Dome contracts in Qatar in early October. The continuous improvements we are making are evident in our operational results and outlook. Our revised fourth quarter production guidance represents an increase of 28,000 MBOEs per day compared to the implied fourth quarter guidance provided in Oxy's second quarter earnings call and the updated guidance we released for legacy Anadarko operations in early August. Pro forma production guidance for full year 2019 is included in a table in the appendix to this presentation. As has been the case in previous years, fourth quarter guidance for Oxychem is not representative of our full year outlook as chloro vinyls -- as the chloro vinyls market is typically subject to seasonal factors in the fourth quarter each year.  In the third quarter, we applied the proceeds from our sale of Mozambique asset and Plains interest as well as free cash flow from Algeria and Ghana, to pay down $4.9 billion in debt. We have now retired all of our debt maturities for 2020 and will apply proceeds from future sales to retire debt due in 2021 and beyond.  As we continue to apply asset divestiture proceeds and free cash flow to debt reduction, we will update the debt-reduction tracker shown on Slide 20 so that investors can see our progress in meeting our divestiture target of $10 billion to $15 billion net of taxes and in deleveraging. I look forward to continuing to provide updates on our progress on both of these fronts.  I will now turn the call back over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Cedric. As a leader in our industry, Oxy must drive improvement on all fronts, including reducing emissions. In the coming quarters, we will provide updates on the progress our Low Carbon Ventures business is making and supplying anthropogenic or man-made CO2 to the Permian for the purpose of carbon utilization and sequestration. While Low Carbon Ventures is leading our strategy to produce the lowest carbon barrel of oil, we are also reducing greenhouse gas emissions. We are doing so by working to eliminate routine flaring, monitoring infrastructure for methane emissions and reducing miles driven by transporting supplies into the Permian via rail through our Aventine Logistics Hub. On an annualized basis, we reduced 1.9 million truck miles per year, which is equivalent to 1,700 metric tons of CO2 reductions.  Also in this quarter, in the Permian Basin, we brought online the largest solar facility in the state of Texas that directly supports oil and gas operations. The latest publicly available emissions data shows that on a like-for-like basis, Oxy is a leader in greenhouse gas emission intensity in the Permian. While we are pleased to be ahead of peers on this metric, we are not satisfied with where we are, and we're committed to continue working on reducing emissions across all of our assets.  Going to Slide 23. To Oxy, being an innovative and sustainable energy leader means maintaining leadership in each area that we operate. Our teams are relentlessly focused on value creation through the application of advanced technical excellence, applied technology, breakthrough innovation and operations and capital execution, all of which helped to make us a lower-cost operator and will translate into higher-margin free cash flow growth. The cash will be used to delever the near term and to return more cash to shareholders through a balance of our dividend and share repurchases in the future.  Sustainability also means planning for the future, which we do through the lens of a best-in-class operator with an unmatched portfolio of world-class assets. Our focused portfolio includes multiple decades of high-return, short-to-medium cycle development opportunities that will include primary, secondary and tertiary recovery options. The diversity of our enhanced portfolio strengthens our strategy to operate profitably in a low-carbon world. The combination of technical and operations excellence applied over a vast set of diverse assets and a strategy to lower our carbon footprint sets us apart from other energy companies. This will enable us to further strengthen our value proposition and ensure our success and sustainability long into the future.  In closing, I want to stress how much potential our newly combined company now has in terms of what we can achieve both financially and operationally. There is much to look forward to for our shareholders and for Oxy.  And now we'll open it up for questions, and while we're lining up the questions, I do want to give a shout-out to our DJ Basin team for also achieving record production. Our DJ Basin team achieved almost 301,000 barrels a day just here recently, so we're excited about what they're doing and the improvements they're making and the commitment they have to operational excellence.  Now we'll move to the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley.
Devin McDermott: So my first question is on the synergy targets, and it seems like you've made some really good progress so far post the integration. I think the additional detail on the specific drivers of synergies is definitely helpful. It seems like you identified a lot of clear items that get you to the overall targets. My question is more on -- now that we're a few months into the deal post close, what you identified or what opportunities you've seen that might be incremental to or different than your expectations going into the deal, and specifically, if those might drive upside over time? And as part of that, I was hoping you could address some of the difference in capital efficiency between some of the legacy Anadarko, Permian wells and Oxy. And how much, if any, improvement in that productivity is baked into the synergy targets and also 2020 guidance?
Vicki Hollub: Well, what we baked into our synergy targets were the things that we knew about, the things that we could see. And in the Permian Basin, we had the data there so we knew that we had the opportunity to significantly lower cost and to do that through a combination of our drilling expertise and our subsurface characterization. So we've looked at that. Our teams have delved into that. That's why we're very, very confident of the Permian resources synergies that we've outlined. We know that we can achieve those there.  In the DJ, not only based on what we knew with respect to our Oxy drilling dynamics, we've been incredibly impressed with what the team up there is doing from a drilling perspective. They're -- and also completions. They have started to work their completions differently, and they are bringing some best practices that we believe are really advanced. We think that we can still improve that with the subsurface characterization that we've applied to the resources business. But I would say on an operational perspective, from drilling and completing, those guys are doing a great job, and they're doing a great job operationally, which is how they achieved their record production of almost 301,000 barrels here in the last couple of weeks.  So what we're really excited about is that now that we've had a chance to work together, the 2 teams, we're coming up with more synergies. The ones that we identified in my script and the ones that we had counted on initially to deliver what we expected are -- we already had a little bit more than those because we wanted a little bit of cushion to ensure that we did deliver what we said we would. But now I'm really excited about what Anadarko's expertise is bringing to the table for us. And I believe that, that's going to be exciting news when we could roll it out. What we need to do first is quantify the value that it's going to add, but we know that they have some best practices that are really important to us. One, I can tell you that's not even related to the shale is their seismic interpretation. Some of the things they're doing there are very, very impressive, and we're going to be applying that to some of our international operations.
Devin McDermott: Got it. Great. And just to clarify on the Permian operation. So as we think about the 2020 plan, how quickly can you implement some of the Oxy best practices, subsurface characterization, drilling techniques into the Anadarko development program. When might we see some of those productivity improvements show up as we move through 2020 and beyond?
Vicki Hollub: Well, what we have found is that the subsurface work, that's going to be pretty immediate because those guys are starting to work that now. So from a completion cost perspective, that will start happening right away. Now the results of that, the improved recovery per well, you'll see that have a bigger impact from a production standpoint next year, but we'll see the efficiency improvements in using less proppant to still manage to frac and complete more effectively. That will start happening as we start drilling on the Anadarko acreage in a big way.  The Oxy drilling dynamics, everywhere we've rolled it out, even internally, it takes a little while to get the teams used to it so that they can start to make it happen and work for them. There's always a little bit of a learning curve with that, but we do expect that we will achieve that process by the first quarter of 2020 for it to start taking hold. And so by the mid to later part of 2020, you'll start seeing, I believe, some improved drilling in the Permian, along with the efficiencies of the completions by midyear. So that by the end of the year, I'm quite confident that, that drilling and completion program will be much improved.
Devin McDermott: Excellent. I look forward to seeing the progress there. And I have one more on a separate topic, and that's just on some of the asset sale and leverage reduction targets. So I mean, you've achieved the lower end of the $10 billion to $15 billion target so far. I was wondering if you could comment just on the overall market or backdrop for these additional divestitures, what your thinking is on the opportunities there.  And then I understand it might be hard to comment, but any additional color on how you see that deconsolidation of WES potentially playing out with the intention of, as you mentioned, containing or retaining a large economic ownership but deconsolidating some of the debt and overall financials there.
Vicki Hollub: Okay. I'll just say that one thing that we really want people to understand is that we are very focused. We're very intense on ensuring that we get the asset sales done because we believe we must get our debt down. That's an internal target. We talk about it every day. We're getting help throughout the entire organization because I don't think there are very many of our employees that you wouldn't walk up to and that they wouldn't be able to tell you that the highest priority we have as a company is to save every dollar that we can save and to become as efficient as we can be, as quickly as we can be, because making sure that we have the dollars either from cash flow or asset sales to lower the debt is critically important for us.  And just as when we first rolled out our plan to achieve cash flow neutrality at $40, we had a plan to do that in 2 years, and we made that promise to the shareholders. As you all know, we achieved that 6 months ahead of schedule, and we did that because our teams are incredibly focused and determined to deliver results and to deliver what we say we'll deliver. We're taking that same intensity to this debt reduction. So we are approaching asset sales very aggressively and intently. But with that said, one of the things that we're not doing is we're not compromising on the value that we can get from those assets, and so we're balancing both of those. And I feel confident that with, not only the intensity that we're approaching it, but the creativity that I hope we've shown you all in the way that we've approached the asset divestitures thus far. So we will -- there will be some creativity. There will be some things that you might not expect, but none of those we can talk about or we compromise our ability to make it happen. So I appreciate you recognizing that.  With respect to WES, I'm going to hand it over to Oscar to tell you a little bit more about how we're thinking about that.
Oscar Brown: Sure. And as Vicki made earlier comments, obviously, we're focused on the integration right now and helping WES improve operations and really become more competitive, not only with the supporter of Oxy's upstream operations, but with third-party operations. So all that's ongoing. We've been working with our auditors to focus on the accounting deconsolidation of WES. So there's some work to do, but we think we can do that pretty quickly. That really not changed too much our ownership interest in WES. And so as Vicki said, we have the option to retain a substantial stake in WES economically both in terms of ownership, but also, obviously, we're tied together as their largest customer going forward. So all that's progressing just fine, and we hope to have some news on that in the near future.
Vicki Hollub: I will add to that. I'm really excited about the new management team at WES. They're very operationally focused, and they're working on -- that's why I said the part about picking up third-party volumes, they're really focused on improving operations and efficiencies and being a really strong competitor to other midstream businesses in the Permian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy.
Ryan Todd: Great. Maybe to follow-up. At a high level, is it fair to characterize the large cuts to the 2020 program as an effort to demonstrate your priorities in terms of deleveraging in dividend and the 2021 plus outlook as a normalization of the business? And if that's the case, what sort of checkpoints would you have to see to normalize things again versus staying in belt-tightening mode? Is commodity price hitting certain checkpoint on debt metrics? What would you have to see to kind of renormalize in 2021? Or not?
Vicki Hollub: Todd, thank you. You just answered the question for me. So thank you for that, but it really goes more beyond just trying to get back to normal. What we really would need to look at and evaluate when we get closer to 2021 is how oil prices look, what we've achieved on the debt reduction and what we've achieved with respect to the synergies and also how well our teams are performing from an efficiency standpoint. All of those factors will be considered as we go and move toward 2021 because the reality is that we don't have to be at the 5% right away. What we wanted people to know is that, over time, the 5% is what we believe is the right growth percentage to enable us to, not only start to grow our dividend more meaningfully again, but to also be able to, at the same time, return cash to our shareholders through buybacks.
Ryan Todd: Okay. And on the leverage side, is there anything that you're looking at to say kind of until we get to this place, we'll probably keep things tight.
Vicki Hollub: I would say that we have aggressive internal targets, and if we haven't met those, then that would play a big role in what we do in 2021.
Ryan Todd: Okay. And maybe a follow-up on the 2020 plan. I mean, should we think about everything outside of the Permian resources as being held roughly flat from a production point of view with all the growth coming from the Permian Resources? And if that's the case, under a normalization to $6.6 billion in 2021, do some of these other assets, Rockies, EOR, et cetera, kind of return to growth? Or does the majority of that incremental capital will just go back to Permian? I guess on a multi-year view, should we think of ex Permian resources as being largely held flat? Or will we see growth outside of the Permian?
Vicki Hollub: What we like to do with our teams internally is let them compete for capital, and they have to compete for capital by submitting projects that can beat the Permian. And actually, we have -- we believe that some of those projects, both in Oman, Abu Dhabi, Colombia, the DJ and probably in about 2 to 3 years, the Powder River, we believe -- and Gulf of Mexico. Looking at the data that we see now and the performance that we see, the margins and the returns, our returns from almost -- from everything that we have the opportunity to invest dollars in is double digits at $40 or above. And so we have -- this is what -- this is the value of this tremendous portfolio we have today. We have lots of options. We have lots of flexibility. And what the teams have to do is they just have to make their projects competitive enough to get the dollars. And ultimately, the way I see it now, in a $6.6 billion environment and by 2021, essentially, we would be potentially growing all of our areas, except Gulf of Mexico and maybe Powder River. But certainly, all the other areas would have the opportunity to grow because of the projects that they have in their inventory today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Vicki, earlier, you said that -- from your standpoint, 5% is the wide growth rate. Can you elaborate why 5%? I mean, given the size of the company, today and long-term or demand growth looks like it's going to be 1% or below. I think the market is actually will be more happy if you grow at 3% instead of 5%.
Vicki Hollub: It would be -- commodity prices always come into play when we're deciding what our growth rate would be. And what I -- a better way for me to say it is that we're going to average a 5% growth rate on the average over time. So in those times when commodity prices because of weaker demand, we would grow at a lower rate. So we're going to adjust.  And I think at one time, we showed a chart that showed that we would potentially grow from a certain oil price to a different oil price above which that our growth would be capped. We'll have that same scenario going forward. And as we delever and get back to the scenario where we'll start taking into account the opportunities to grow at that 5% cap, then we'll start looking at those metrics and providing those to you again. But it really depends on commodity prices, efficiencies, where we are from a leverage standpoint.  And I guess, what I'm really trying to say is that once we put all the variables in our model and we run the various scenarios, it's -- at the end of the day, it's a value calculation. And whatever creates the most value is -- and then delivers the most return to the shareholders is what we'll do.
Paul Cheng: But just my two cents is that given the increasing number of the journalists, there's a concern about the long-term oil demand outlook and correspondingly, that the longer-term commodity prices. The notion saying that we grow at 5%, I think the easy way to look at it is that most investors today probably one burn on hand and 2 burn in the bushes.  The second question, quick one on Permian, how much is your percent of your land position, just in the federal land? And how much of your production today is in the federal land?
Vicki Hollub: So in the Permian Resources business, we have a very low percentage of what is total federal lands. I can't remember overall. I think our overall percentage is about 2%. Let me hand this to Jeff. He's got those numbers.
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. So domestically, of our 14 million acres, 2 million of that is federal, but half of that is offshore. So if you think of onshore, about 1 million acres is federal. And if you go to the Permian, about 270,000 acres across the Permian. And then if you continue to narrow that down into the Delaware Basin, that's where people want to talk about the most, approximately 20% of our acreage in the Delaware Basin is on federal land. And if you look at the DJ, it's less than 1%. It's very, very small there.
Operator: Our next question is from Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov: On the low-carbon initiatives, as I look at the slide breaking out your 2020 CapEx, if it's there, it seems awfully small so I thought I would just ask. What level of funding you're planning to allocate to the low-carbon effort this coming year?
Vicki Hollub: Our strategy for Low Carbon Ventures is more around a target and goal of the activities and what we need to accomplish. And how we accomplish that with respect to a capital standpoint is a part of the Low Carbon Ventures team. Strategic initiatives is to look at the best way to fund those. I -- ultimately, I'm so excited about this business because this is a win-win-win business in that we are going to be able to lower emissions both in the United States and in the other areas that we operate while also taking the anthropogenic CO2 and using it to increase oil production, thereby creating value for royalty owners, for the states and for the country in which we operate, wherever it is. And in addition to that, we're going to be able to ultimately, in my view, make -- and our team's view, make a business of this in that we will be able to build this into a business that generates cash flow and earnings for our shareholders.  So the way we intend to do that is a bit -- at this point, something that's proprietary in terms of how we want to -- how we think about it and how we're building that to happen. But it's a win-win-win, and it's a great -- the team is doing just a great job in making this happen.  And we've made some investments in some new technologies. Those have been direct investments. We have a -- one of those was net power, which generates a lower cost of electricity and still provides a CO2 stream, almost pure CO2 stream for use in enhanced oil recovery. And the other thing we've invested in, and we've even announced that we will build, we're evaluating building one of the largest or the largest direct air capture unit in the world in the Permian. And what that will do is take CO2 from the atmosphere, and we can then use that in our enhanced oil recovery projects.  And the reason all of this is so important to use in enhanced oil recovery rather than sequestration is that using it in an oil reservoir still sequesters about 40% of what you're cycling every time you cycle through the reservoir, so you get the sequestration part of it. But what you also do is by using that, you're able to generate a lower-carbon intensity barrel of oil. And so the -- I believe that for the world, the last barrel of oil produced in the world, whenever that happens, should come from a CO2-enhanced oil recovery reservoir because then it will be a net lower emission barrel. And our teams are working toward that, and they've got some very creative commercial ways to deal with it.
Pavel Molchanov: That's helpful. And then lastly, on the Board changes or the changes in the charter that you outlined at the very end of your slides today. Do these proposals that will be voted on next year potentially settle the disagreement with Icahn?
Vicki Hollub: I'll say that when Mr. Icahn brought up the concerns he had, these were a part of his concerns. And that's one of the things that is -- a result of him bringing up is the reason we looked at it. We're not out to settle anything with this. What we're out to do is just to do the right thing for our shareholders, and we felt like he brought up an issue that we needed to address, and the Board did that.  And the Board has actually gone further than that. We -- I'm -- not only are we responding to shareholder feedback on the 2 proposals to lower the percentage required for a special meeting, but also the procedure lowering the requirement for the written consent vote as well. But what I'm even more excited about is what the Board has done with respect to the creation of a committee now that specifically addresses ESG, and specifically addresses it in a way that engages the Board more with the shareholders. So what's sometimes missed in what that proposal was is it's yet to -- they're going to focus on the ESG things that fall sort of in between the Health, Environmental and Safety Committee and the Governance Committee. So there are some things that we were struggling with, where do we include that, who takes the ownership of that. So creating this committee clearly has a committee on our Board focused on our specific ESG initiatives that are not really so much safety- or environmental-related, and those that are not specifically governance-related puts them in this committee. So this committee is going to be focused on that.  But the other things that our Chairman wants this committee to do is be a lot more engaged with the shareholders, both on the ESG side and on the portfolio management side to ensure that they are more engaged to know how our shareholders think, what are the topics that are top of mind for them. And if there are issues that we need to address, they're getting that feedback now directly. And so I think that's been a huge change for us, and I think it's going to be a positive thing for all of our shareholders going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: With regards to the Permian, you talked about the rig split earlier. But can you talk a little bit more with regards to how you view the Anadarko Permian properties competing relative to the legacy Oxy Permian properties? And to the degree that you were to ramp back post 2020 to deliver a 5% growth rate, would that ramp-up occur more from Anadarko side versus the Oxy side?
Vicki Hollub: I think our Southeast New Mexico area still remains, I believe, the top and the best that we have. And I believe the legacy Anadarko acreage is going to be very close in line, not even a second, maybe a 1B in terms of the priority. The acreage is really, really good. Subsurface is excellent. So I would say that our Texas Barilla Draw area would be probably second. And so behind 1A in Southeast New Mexico, 1B in legacy Anadarko acreage.
Brian Singer: Great. And then to follow-up on the earlier question with regards to WES, I think in the past, Oxy said that the process to improve performance operationally could be done by early 2020. Is that still the case? Or what do you see -- and what do you see as the scope of the improvement and how you would measure success? And then one additional one on that thread is I think you commented on the potential for deconsolidation, but retention of economic interest. Does that mean that you would divest a portion, but not all of your interest in seed control? Sorry, I know there were a lot of questions in there.
Vicki Hollub: I would say I'll address the operations one and throw it to Oscar for the structural one. But from an operations standpoint, what has been, I think, a huge change is the collaboration between the field upstream operations and the facilities guys and the WES team. I think that what they did early on is they decided to have a team approach, how we're doing business today, how Wes is doing their business, how we're interacting and where -- how we connect with them, and to look at ways to [indiscernible] and improve efficiencies. They've already outlined some specific things that they're addressing. One of the deals was that we were a bit surprised by the downtime that WES had, and it's just kind of unacceptable to us to have that level of downtime.  And so combining the current management team's perspective with their designee, working with the Oxy side of it, these teams now have come up with ways to specifically address the downtime and get the downtime much lower. And that's -- those are inexpensive barrels of just making sure that your uptime is the best that it can be. That's the quickest and easiest way to get barrels, and I think we'll start seeing -- we have to change some infrastructure first to make that happen. So I think you'll start to see that happening in Q1 of 2020. And Oscar?
Oscar Brown: Sure. It's Oscar. So on the deconsolidation front, one of the key things is the business -- WES has matured greatly over the years. And then everything that Vicki is talking about to improve operations and, most importantly, set up this company to really be aggressive in its ability to win third-party business, I think all those things are aligned with a company that can stand on its own, and being an independent company, and ultimately, a convenience for us is the deconsolidation on the accounting front. So all those things align.  In terms of the specifics on how much control Oxy would need to give up and is there a related need to sell down some interest -- economic interest in the company, we're still working that with our auditors. But the key is that the company can -- is getting the company to a place that has its own employees that can stand-alone its own officers, great operations, it's a complement to our businesses. And then again, the real growth upside, the next stage for WES, beyond what we can do and we'll continue to do with Oxy to support WES is the third-party business, which is one of the great opportunities there. So again, more to come on that, but that's where we stand today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hall with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
Michael Hall: I just wanted to, I guess, review a little bit on the capital efficiency or intensity disclosures you provided on the Permian Resources business. I'm just curious how you think about the ability to maintain that level of capital intensity, the 2020 level, as you think about kind of reentering more of a normalized or growth-type scenario in 2021. Is that a kind of a sustainable level? Or is that being kind of dragged down by the slowdown in 2020?
Vicki Hollub: Well, that was one of the things that we took into account, is that -- and when we decided to lower our capital, how it would impact 2021 was a factor that we thought about and considered. And so we do have a plan to on-board rigs, should we go back up in 2021. We would make that decision at a point where it would give our teams the time to make that happen. Because every time you shut down a rig and you release crews, you have the issue of bringing those crews back, getting them back to the efficiency level that they were when they shut down. Obviously, you recognize that, and that's what your question is centered around.  We have a more robust process around doing that because it's always irritated us that even though we know it happens, that it always happens. And so we try to -- we're trying to figure out now and have some people that are involved in trying to make that -- the reboot and the start-up, again, of a rig that's been idled to make that more efficient. And so as we go toward 2021 and see how that's looking, we'll take the steps to try to get the -- that rig, whatever rigs that we bring on, up and running and without too much loss of efficiency initially. Did you have anything to add on that, Ken -- Jeff?
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. So to add, Michael, I mean to your point, and Vicki commented in our script, we do expect 2021 plus the capital intensity to be in the low 20s. So as synergies flow through and all that, we expect that to be in that level as we go forward. And if you spend time -- I know going through with our Permian resources leadership, they've got very, very definitive goals to drive it down from there. So I do think that is our new normal.
Michael Hall: That's helpful. And then I guess, continuing on this thread. What's the base decline on the Permian Resources business, I guess, exiting 2019 pro forma, the combined businesses? And then how that looks coming out of 2020 as you look at it in these capital intensity figures?
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. So without doing decline curve analysis on how it applies at cap intensity, I'll give you a couple of quick numbers. So the base decline exit-to-exit for Permian Resources is in the mid- to high 30s. So say, about 37%. But as you know, that's an exit-to-exit number. And when we do the capital intensity calculation, we use the real decline, which is exponential. So it's not straight. It's kind of concave. So just for easy math, if you think about the wedge we're adding in Permian Resources next year, there's about 105,000 barrels a day. So if you take the 2.2 billion, 105,000, that's what gets you to the $21 million capital intensity number. Is that answer what you're looking for, Michael?
Michael Hall: Yes. And I guess I was also trying to understand like how that changes as you exit 2020 into 2021. It seems that, that would be a tailwind to the...
Jeff Alvarez: Actually, it improved.
Michael Hall: Yes, that's kind of what I was getting at. I'm just trying to understand how...
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. So that's the point. As the base gets bigger and that you have less of those new high-decline barrels coming on, that base decline actually improves as you head into 2020.
Operator: In the interest of time, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, there's another couple of things we'd like to address before we go. But first, I wanted to pass it to Ken to -- there've been some questions offline about Gulf of Mexico. I'd like for him to share some mental on that.
Kenneth Dillon: Good morning. Thanks, Vicki. So far, we're really excited about both the people and the assets. The subsurface characterization opportunities, we believe, can lead to being able to extend the plateau with modest cost over a long period. Our latest K2 well come in with really good logs, and it'll be on stream in Q1. Next year, we plan to spend $100 million on near-field exploration and also drill development wells from platforms.  Artificial lift synergies are something we didn't build into our thoughts, and it's something we're working on together as a team here, and we see that as real potential upside to come. We see Ghana [ph] as a long-term steady cash flow business that has great significance, and everything we've seen so far supports that.
Vicki Hollub: Okay. Then lastly, I'd like to say that in closing, that we are really positioning Oxy for long-term success. The acquisition of Anadarko has positioned us to more effectively address what I think are the 3 most critical issues facing our industry today. Those are climate change, geopolitical volatility and the regulatory environment in the U.S. So with the position that we have now, building on the fact that we're the largest handler of CO2 for enhanced oil recovery in the world, we intend to utilize now our position as the largest acreage holder in the United States, and with a vast amount of that being shale play to execute CO2 enhanced oil recovery in the shale. That will fit perfectly into our Low Carbon Ventures strategy and enables us to continue to grow and get the most out of the shale than anyone else over time. And we think these -- that these assets sit perfectly, and they're perfectly compatible with the conventional assets that we'll be developing in Oman and the UAE over time. So I think I'm really excited about our portfolio. We have an opportunity to continue to go into the future with the portfolio, the structure, the people and the sustainability to withstand oil price cycles while also maintaining a social license to operate globally in a low-carbon world. So thank you all for your questions and for joining our call. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-01 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Occidental. Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode.  Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Alison. Good morning everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleums second quarter 2019 conference call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer, Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, Ken Dillon, President, International Oil and Gas Operations, B.J. Hebert President of OxyChem and Oscar Brown, Senior Vice-President, Strategy, Business Development and Integrated Supply. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicky.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you Jeff and good morning everyone. Before covering our second quarter highlights, I would like to mention an organizational update and congratulate Robert Palmer. Robert was recently appointed to the position of President, Domestic Oil and Gas Operations with operational responsibility for Oxys domestic onshore, oil and gas assets. Robert was most recently Senior Vice-President of Technical Support. He's an engineer, and has operating experience in the U.S., Peru, Oman, and Russia. He'll play a key role in integrating Anadarkos domestic operations and ensuring that our combined assets deliver the highest returns for our shareholders. As many of you know we expect to close on our acquisition of Anadarko one week from today. The combination of our two companies will strengthen our long term strategy and position us to drive profitable growth and return excess cash to our shareholders. We're truly excited about the many benefits that the combination of Oxy and Anadarko will bring to our shareholders, and we're encouraged by the feedback we've received from shareholders regarding the transaction and our discussions over the last few months. We also look forward to providing quarterly updates on Synergy capture, deleveraging and the integration process. I'd like to start this morning with the excellent operational and financial results that our core businesses delivered in the second quarter of 2019, along with some other key accomplishments. The strength of our integrated business model, confidence in our future performance and commitment to returning cash to our shareholders enabled us to increase our dividend for the 17th consecutive year. And we're committed to continue to increase the dividend. We returned approximately $600 million to shareholders in the quarter representing 33% of cash flow from operations before working capital. We remain focused not only on returning capital to shareholders, but also on generating higher returns on capital. Our ability to achieve best-in-class returns through investing in our high quality assets continues to be evident as we generated a top tier, annualized cash flow, return on capital employed of 22%.
Cedric Burgher: Thanks Vicki. For the second quarter, we reported core earnings of $0.97 per diluted share and earnings of $0.84 per diluted share as all of our business segments continue to perform well. The difference between reported and core income is due to onetime costs incurred with the Anadarko Trans acquisition. Also in the second quarter, we returned approximately $600 million of cash to shareholders through our dividend, and as Vickie mentioned, increased our dividend for the 17th consecutive year to an annual rate of $3.16 per share. Over the past 17 years, our track record clearly demonstrates our commitment and ability to consistently grow our dividend and to ensure returning capital to our shareholders remains a top priority. Oil and gas core income increased in the second quarter, compared to the prior quarter reflecting higher crude oil prices and volumes partially offset by lower domestic natural gas prices and a negative non-cash mark-to-market adjustment on carbon dioxide purchase contracts. We are very pleased to have lowered our operating costs on a per barrel basis across the board, both year-over-year and compared to last quarter. These cost improvements reflect higher volumes, improved downhole maintenance costs, and lower energy and surface operations costs. So a big congrats to our field operations teams, who continue to excel and lead the industry with low cost operations. Total second quarter reported production of 741,000 BOEs per day exceeded guidance due to continued best-in-class execution and well productivity and Permian Resources, which exceeded guidance at 289,000 BOEs per day and International production exceeded guidance at 295,000 BOEs per day, driven by increased production in Colombia, due to new exploration wells coming online. OxyChem surpassed the guidance with income of $208 million for the second quarter. Income decreased from the prior quarter primarily due to lower realized caustic soda prices along with fees received under a pipeline easement agreement executed in the first quarter.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Cedric. Now I'd like to share how Oxy is uniquely positioned to extract the most value from this acquisition by applying our core competencies across the combined portfolio to maximize shareholder value. We have proven ability and decades long track record of innovatively recovering more hydrocarbons from conventional reservoirs than others could. We are continually improving and maximizing efficiencies and recovering hydrocarbons through water flooding and enhanced oil recovery. Today, we routinely recover more than 60% of the oil from large Permian conventional reservoirs and sometimes reach almost 70% recovery. Doing this cost effectively has required the development of extensive automation, advanced methods of artificial lift and materials expertise, as well as downhole subsurface expertise. These tools will serve us well to maximizing recovery from other less mature assets. This is a competitive advantage for us in the future.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question will come from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Good morning, Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Good morning.
Doug Leggate: Vicki on page 23 of your slide deck, I don't know if you should take the 6.6 billion as a capital guide, but it looks like that at least gives us an idea of how to frame our thoughts going forward. So that, if the combined company is doing closer to 9 billion, even adjusting for the African assets, that still suggests that the combined capital is already falling on your plan by substantially more than the 1.5 suggested. So I just wondered if you could speak to that, and related maybe speak to how the capital allocation on what you're thinking about as a preliminary thought, particularly in the Permian Basin. I've got a follow-up.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. The combined capital was 9 billion, and we had committed to reduce activity levels to what would be the equivalent of $1.5 billion. But when you consider the synergies that we will achieve, that gets that 7.5 down closer to 6.6, as we achieve our $900 million of capital synergies.
Doug Leggate: So in terms of how that gets allocated in the Permian. Well, let me explain what's behind my question. To drop activity, the working interest that Anadarko had was only 40% on the acreage. So clearly dropping a rig there has a much lower impact on capital than dropping a rig in Oxy but then Oxy has much better wells. So I'm trying to think about how do we think about relative activity within that capital budget in the Permian Basin.
Vicki Hollub: Well, we view it from an investment level, not a rig count per se. So if you're developing on wells that have a lower working interest for you, then that's just more wells, you're going to drill, potentially more wells you'll run but you'll get the same synergies. So we look at it from an investment standpoint, not from a rig level standpoint.
Doug Leggate: I understand, but presumably you'll give us greater details on that as we go forward. My follow-up is obviously this deal with Ecopetrol looks extremely capital efficient. Line of sight on asset monetizations. I wonder if you could share any additional thoughts and specifically, obviously, everyone myself included, is still quite focused on how you deal with the midstream of WES not least because it's giving you a better than $600 million income right now from the unit distributions. So any updated thoughts on those and Ill let someone else jump on
Vicki Hollub: Thanks, Doug. I'd say that from an overall perspective, the good, the other good, really good thing about this portfolio is that we do have a lot more levers to pull with the combination of OXY and Anadarko in terms of monetizations. So there are some things that we can do, the joint venture with Ecopetrol was one example of how we can do something creative without negatively impacting ourselves. So we will look at those kind of opportunities and with respect to WES, we'll have to after close, when we can take a deeper dive into what's happening there. We can make some analysis of that, but I'll say that the good thing about it and the reason we're so confident about our asset divestitures, is that we have a lot of incoming calls about various things. And so we're able to -- we'll be able to high grade what we want to do over time. The difficulty we have right now is that we can't signal really what we want to do, because that would, that would compromise our ability to negotiate.
Doug Leggate: Can you confirm the press speculation about whether or not you had hired an advisor on WES?
Vicki Hollub: We always use advisors and so we have some advisors that are helping us with various things. So I think it's -- I think that as we look at lots of aspects of our business we'll be bringing in advisors to get their feedback. That should not signal anything in particular that we're thinking right now because we have no decision made, on that.
Doug Leggate: Understood. Thanks so much, Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Devin McDermott of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Devin McDermott: Good morning and congrats on the solid results.
Kenneth Dillon: Good morning.
Devin McDermott: I wanted to start by actually following up on one of Doug's questions, just on synergies and also some of the activity in capital reductions. With the deal closing now potentially next week, its earlier than the initial target. So I was wondering if you could address how, if at all, that impacts the timing of synergy realization versus the initial plan, and also on the 1.5 billion reduction in growth spending, how quickly post close can that occur? Is that something that happens fairly immediately or will it be staggered over time and where were those reductions occur? If you can provide some guidance on that.
Vicki Hollub: So we're going to meet our capital plan for this year. So, we'll meet the $4.5 billion for ourselves this year, we'll have to after close look at what's happening with Anadarko to determine what we do with the rest of their spending for the year. But the real-- the full $1.5 billion capital reduction in activity level will come in 2020. And I would say that, that getting that really depends on what we see after close and certainly the acceleration of the closing date is going to help us get a jump-start on our synergies. We had committed to 1 billion in synergies in 2020. So being able to do you get started here before the end of August, when initially we thought it could be a much later than that that's going to be very helpful for us.
Devin McDermott: Got it. Great. And then my second question's actually on the OpEx side, just for Oxy stand-alone. You had some nice reductions quarter-over-quarter there, and it looks like some of the drivers are a mix between lower downhole maintenance and lower energy costs. I just wonder if you could comment a bit, in a bit more detail on what's driving those cost reductions, opportunities for further cost reductions over time and how initiatives like utilizing solar power in the EOR business might drive cost down going forward as well.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, so our Resources business has been continuing to drive down OpEx as they get better with the artificial lift, the artificial lift in these shale wells was really challenging early on because it's too deep to make being pumping optimized. So too deep for that, too shallow, and the fluid production, a little bit too challenging for ESPs. So our team has worked really, really hard to find the right kind of artificial lift to use, and how to optimize it. And as they do that they are beginning to get much better at selecting the right kind of lift, and lowering the cost on that and of course, energy helps. And with respect to the EOR business in the US, it's our biggest cost one of our two biggest cost in the EOR business is the purchase of CO2 and energy in general. So, with respect to CO2 our Low Carbon business strategy is certainly going to help there because we're going to be able to ultimately install net power in the Permian Basin, which will further reduce our electrical cost, while also supplying a pure stream of CO2 for use in our operations. So once we get that -- start installing that in the Permian that will help a lot, but in the interim, we put in some solar already and plan to install a little bit more over the next year or so, and the solar is really good to reduce OpEx in our EOR operations and it reduces it at the most expensive part of the cycle. So that's very helpful. So it's going to take a combination of things over time to continue to reduce it, but we do have a strategy to do it, and I believe that that's going to be one of the key drivers to helping us start to take off for the growth in the EOR business in about 3 or 4 years.
Devin McDermott: Alright Great, thanks so much.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Coming back to some of your comments Vicki, about the ability to evaluate the acreage, decide where you want to move forward, just curious how, how long it takes to do that? And as a second part, or the second question really, if we look at what's happening with some of the other players in the Permian today, if you could give us a little bit of an idea, tying that evaluation, into the performance you've had and how you've been able to avoid some of these problems we're seeing, the too much well density, or the parent-child issues all that just maybe one big wrapper there, around that whole package.
Vicki Hollub: Okay. Certainly, I appreciate the question. But let me -- let me address the OpEx one more point on that. I forgot to give kudos to Anadarko because there, they've really manage their OpEx well, they have a low OpEx and they are apparently doing a really good job to manage that. So the combination bringing that expertise in to us, for the types of wells that they're operating will be helpful too. But to your question, it's going to take us a little bit of time, because what we have to do, the way we do our business to our subsurface characterization is, we drill appraisal wells and that helps get us some data, so we get some petro-physical and geophysical data from the logs that we run when we drill the well. We take that data and we combine it with our 3D data -- 3D seismic data, combining those two, then we can perform data analytics on it, and with the data analytics now, we can take that even a step further with a paradigm shift, we had a couple of years ago, on how to look at the subsurface differently, with respect to how the frac is going to be perform in the zone as you're trying to pump it. So not to say too much about that, but that's, but we went through that process to get us to where our productivity was a couple of years ago or about a year and a half ago. Now what we've done is, we've been able to incorporate 4D frac designs, which is helping us to more accurately understand what's happening with the frac and then not only what's happening with the frac, but what's happening with the drainage area. And that's all really key to spacing and how you design your wells, where you land your wells and all of that. So our subsurface models are much more sophisticated today than they were about three or four, five years ago, and the kudos on that go to our subsurface teams that have worked it really hard, but also our business unit who watch these wells every day, figure out what's happening with them and collaborate with our subsurface team to really get down to trying to figure out what's happening in the subsurface. We've seen some operators that just do this on a statistical basis deal, but you really can't do that and optimize what you get from these wells and the value of these wells. This -- this takes a lot of science and it takes science that -- it goes beyond what we've ever had to do with conventional reservoirs. So the companies that that only drill conventional reservoirs around the world-they haven't dealt with what we are having to deal with here, from a complexity standpoint. We've conquered that, but it's taken a lot of data to do it. It's taken some patience and time, and it's taken getting it to the point where you know it's working, because now we can, and we're predictive with that we can blind wells that we've drilled in the past and run the model and the model will tell us --will match what we're seeing from the wells that we're producing. That's why we're very confident that this model, what we're using now will not only work in other areas outside the Delaware Basin, but in other basins. That's why we're very comfortable that in the D.J. and in the Powder we're going to see increased productivity there, based on the model that we're using. And we think it takes a lot of science and it takes patience so that's why we've said that some of our synergies we can't get in 2020, some of our synergies are going to come in 2021, because we're not going to spend dollars to do trial and error. We're really going to need to have our model and then that's going to take drilling some appraisal wells, and making sure that we have the 3D to match it, and the data analytics around it, but that's why it's going to take a little time to get all the synergies. But we're very confident that we'll get the synergies. Jeff, do you have anything to add to that?
Jeff Alvarez: Hi, Roger. The only thing I'd add, Vicki did a great job covering that, but I think, and you know this that is our secret sauce. So I mean we've been like Vicki said, advancing that for years now and not only is it our secret sauce. It's a secret sauce worth having, and because of the value that it creates and I mean a couple of things that she hit on, I think are really important to stress, not just the integration of the work close with geo-modeling, geo-mechanics, petro-physics, stimulation, reservoir simulation, but it's really the combination of the people, tools and data, because the thing we get asked all the time by other people is, how easy is it replicated. And I think the important thing is, if you remove one of those things, the people, the tools or the data, the other two don't work is optimal as they will, if you have them altogether. So that's why we show on Slide 18, 19 and the performance results. It's not just one thing that goes there you need all of those ingredients to really extract the value, that's what makes us so excited when we look at other reservoirs and being able to apply it because we think it definitely works, not just in the Wolfcamp or the Bone Springs, but in all unconventional reservoirs.
Roger Read: Thanks, build a better mousetrap and you win. Congratulations.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Will Atkinson of UBS. Please go ahead.
Will Atkinson: Good afternoon. I was wondering if we could touch on the rationale for a joint venture, rather than a complete divestiture, especially given the depth of your inventory across the Delaware.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. The reason for a joint venture, is we like the acreage in the Midland Basin, it's quality acreage, quality assets, and we think over time. Again, we haven't built us into our near-term model and we didn't include it in the --in how we evaluated this acquisition. But the upside over time is to use our enhanced oil recovery to get more of the reserves and resources out of the wells. So we are preserving our opportunity to get significant upside in the Midland Basin, through the application of CO2 enhanced oil recovery ultimately, and we think the more that we have of this, the more upside that we have over time and that we believe will give us an edge into the future on being able to get more out of existing wells rather than having to go drill new wells.
Will Atkinson: Perfect. Thank you.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel Molchanov: Yes, thanks for taking the question. As you think about deleveraging, obviously the Ecopetrol deal marks the first step. Are you seeing other instances of this kind of rather unusual model, where a player that may not be in a particular geography that you're operating in, is going to rely on you for skill set development and sort of that kind of active partnership beyond simply selling acreage.
Vicki Hollub: Well you are giving me an exciting opportunity to talk about our low carbon business strategy and that, we are getting calls from all over the world, with people wanting our help to -- to help them also figure out how to capture CO2 from industrial sources, and then what to do with it and oil reservoirs. We have the processing capability, we have the ability to design it and we're the largest handler of CO2 for enhanced oil recovery in the world. So what's happening with these calls that we're getting for technical assistance is that, in some cases, there has been offers, allowing us to come in as a participant in the project, so these are not only opportunities to earn some revenue for our low carbon ventures business through technical providing -- technical services and valuations, but also to, to look at projects around the world for possible participation. So that's one way. That's one unique and different thing that that we're seeing happening to our group now, and that's really exciting, because as we go forward, there's going to be more pressure on companies to do something about their climate change story, and so that's making a lot of people get much more interested in what we're doing than just a few years ago. So that's one example. There -- we are always trying to look for ways to monetize things but without losing the potential eventual upside. So, we are getting creative and continuing to look at ways to do that.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. Well since you mentioned ESG, let me follow up on that. I could not help noticing that your U.S. realized gas price in the quarter was $0.23 obviously some kind of one time shifts in there, but the -- is there a point where you would, have to resort to flaring in the Permian, because the economics of selling the gas are just lopsided.
Vicki Hollub: We would not do flaring as a normal routine practice, we don't agree with that, and we wouldn't do it, so we will always try to find a way to utilize the gas and the net power concept that I just mentioned earlier, I should probably explain that a little bit better. Our team, last year or maybe it was the end of the year before, invested in a new way to generate electricity and it's called NET Power. What it does is, it takes natural gas combines that with oxygen and burns it together, and that's what creates electricity and it creates that electricity at lower costs, especially if you are using gas that cost like $0.10 or $0.15 or $0.20, which gives us this great opportunity because we're piloting that now, we have a pilot project where part-owner. We've invested in it and we are strategic partner to eight rivers, the group that developed the concept and put the pilot in place to start it. It's, it's in -- the pilot is just South of Houston here. So that's one of our solutions, is to put that in the Permian. It will utilize our gas that that if we sold it would make nearly as much. So it will, not only will it give us a way to utilize that lower-cost gas. It also, as I said earlier, provides that pure stream CO2 off of it, for use in our enhanced oil recovery. So it's a dual benefit of having a way to better utilize our lower priced gas, and also create the opportunity to you CO2 to increase our oil production. It's a really unique way of dealing with the scenario that we have in the Permian that we expect to be able to have that installed over the next two, three years. It's a little bit out, but in the near term, we don't see that we're going to have to flare. We have the capability to get it out it's just that it's certainly there. There are other ways to better utilize our gas and to get more value for it then selling it for $0.23.
Jeff Alvarez: Hey, Pavel one other thing I'd add to Vicki's comment. EOR, so injecting we've been advancing EOR not just with CO2 but also hydrocarbon gas. And the cheaper the hydrocarbon gas, the better the economics get for EOR because you're basically replace and oil for gas. So that's another thing, we continue to advance, so that you don't flare. But you can extract value from.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. Very useful. I Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. First, Vicki you made a comment in your prepared remarks, you expect a combined Permian business to be free cash flow positive at $45 WTI in 2020. So I was just wondering, for a little more detail on that, first part would be is that including EOR or is it just more of the standalone Resources business. And then, what level of rig count and CapEx and just underlying details to help us think about that in the context of this overall CapEx reduction plan that you have, through 2021. Thanks.
Vicki Hollub: So in 2021, it would be the Resources business and it's at the capital level that we projected for 2020. So that would be capital for us and 2020 would be at the $6.6 billion -- have we given -- any additional. Okay. So the run rate of the 6.6, the actual 6.6 is in 2021.
Phil Gresh: Right. So you are going from 9 billion to 6.6 and I think you said in 2020 you expect Permian Resources to be free cash flow positive at 45. Correct?
Vicki Hollub: That's correct.
Phil Gresh: Okay. And so I would be an equivalent level of cap, Resources' CapEx baked into the 6.6 to get to that.
Vicki Hollub: Right, let's say the 7.5; make sure you use the run rate of 7.5% before the synergies of 900 million, which will be fully achieved in 2021.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Okay, got it. Second question, I guess just on the balance sheet, Cedric any latest thoughts here. I think your target all along has been to get to sub 2 times. You've given numbers with and without WES obviously you announced the JV today but any new thoughts there about how quickly you can get to that leverage level and what other levers you might be wanting to pull to get there? Thank you.
Cedric Burgher: Yes. Thanks, Phil. The asset sales obviously are the primary lever there. We've given you kind of a timeline of 12 to 24 months, we think will be on the early side of that. So, and then also as Vicki mentioned earlier, we have expect to have excess free cash flow and if need be, if we for whatever reason hit a snag we direct more of that than planned to delever, is at the very top of our list of priorities. We don't expect to need to do that. We think that that they asset sales will get us there and get us there fairly quickly. These things don't happen overnight, but. But we think we can easily get there in the timeline, we've allotted. The second thing I would say is that our target, we've said that 1.5 times debt-to-EBITDA that $60 oil WTI by the end of 2021 is kind of our target and base plan, and we're not going -- we're not going to stop there, that is we know for our weight class, we have too much debt, it's our highest priority to knock it down. We have the means to do it. We have a lot of levers, we can pull and so we're going to aggressively do that and we're not stopping at the end of 2021, but we expect to go through that, and get down too much even lower level -- leverage levels beyond that time. So we expect to basically be back to where we are, or better from a credit metric standpoint prior to the acquisition.
Phil Gresh: Okay, thank you.
Cedric Burgher: Yes.
Operator: The next question will come from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning. I had a follow-up actually, just a series of questions with regards to slide 18, given the strong productivity gain shown there in every year but particularly 2019. The first is, if we looked at this on an oil only basis with the gap between 2018 and 2019 look the same, second, what do you see as the longevity to continue to drive productivity gains on Oxy space assets and, third is, what is your base case I realize is an appraisal process to that you need to go through, but what is your base case for how Anadarko well performance and well costs will ultimately compare relative to Oxy's?
Vicki Hollub: I'll take the second one. And I'm going to toss first two to Jeff. We really haven't gotten into their specific data well enough to know, we see the results of the wells, but what we want to do is dive a little deeper, see what data they have, and do our full analysis on it before we can answer a question like that but, we'll be doing that as quickly as we can. And fortunately, getting them to start doing that on a, on a deeper level here in about a week. So I'll pass it to Jeff.
Jeff Alvarez: Hey, Brian. I think I got your first question was, what would it look like on a oil basis? It would look roughly the same. And the reason I would say that is, if you look at our, our oil cuts for Permian Resources over the last 2.5 years -- we've range from about 59 to 62. This year we've been right around 60, last year, we were 61 to 62, the year before we are just a hair below 60, so that's the kind of variability you get on total resources oil cut. So it wouldn't materially impact that curve when you look at it. Now obviously this year has been a percentage point or so less and that's just a function of where we're drilling different reservoirs that have different gas oil ratios with them, it's not anything that's problematic or something we didn't expect. It's just where we're developing.
Brian Singer: Great, thanks.
Jeff Alvarez: And then what was your other question, Brian. I'm sorry
Brian Singer: The second one was the longevity to continue to drive productivity gains. Just on the Oxy assets. In other words, how many more years in the tank do you think you have faced in the processes of that you've, the technologies that you've talked about.
Jeff Alvarez: Yes, again, I mean, this one is so hard. It is, it's always difficult to know, we can see what the teams are advancing. I mean, every time we talk to the teams working on advancing our performance, I just kept blown away at the things they're thinking about, and working on , like we talked about the 40 models that Vicki talked about, when you look at that our ability now to understand how frac geometry changes, not only in a single well over time, but how it changes in a multi-well section development over time. Two years ago I never thought we would be able to understand how frac geometry changes over time, or how wells would interrelate with each other given the time component. Now that we can understand that, we're able to figure out better landings, better placements, better frac designs, that continue to propel the advancements. So I would answer it is, I don't know how we will improve next year, but I guarantee you that the teams are going to figure out how they continue to make well performance better, and they've done it every year since 2015 when we really started aggressive development. So it's hard to believe that's going to stop any time soon. I think it will just come from different areas, different things will drive it, just like different things drove it from '15 to '16 and '17 to '18 and so on, but I do continue to think or we're going to get better and if you put this over and you focused on value instead of rate. I think that has even more running room than just rate and volume performance, but on the value side.
Brian Singer: Great, thanks. And then lastly on outside of the Permian, can you talk about any key learnings in the Anadarko, Gulf of Mexico are DJ Basin assets and any impacts that those have on your commitment to maintaining and retaining those assets in the going forward combined company, and on the capital and growth outlook there?
Vicki Hollub: Well, Ken's been very involved in that. We'll let Ken answer that one.
Kenneth Dillon: Yes, thanks. We're looking forward to operating again in the Gulf of Mexico. I think one thing I have to say, we're operating as two separate companies, at this time, but I think we're really pleased of our former asset Horn Mountain returning to Oxy again, we were involved with it since the Varstar days even before BP were involved in it. We always believed it had long-term potential. So I think we're looking forward to the picking that up. I think our goal with Gulf of Mexico so far is to the deliver long-term stable cash flow through step wells close to the existing facilities. So very similar to Anadarko's approach and with Horn Mountain back I think we can see that potential running in for some time.
Brian Singer: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Leo Mariani of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey guys just wanted to follow up a little bit on the asset sale. Topic here, just wanted to get a sense, has kind of OXY at this point really identified what they want to sell. I know obviously, you'll be price dependent on ultimately what you sell, but you feel like you kind of have your punch list, sort of down. And have you guys integrated the rating agencies as well in kind of some of these discussions, as you look to hit your leverage targets over time.
Vicki Hollub: I would say that we certainly, we have a punch list of things that we'd like to do, and that's why we want to keep that quiet for our negotiating power, but we do have a punch list and every now and then something comes up that that's unexpected and out of the ordinary and we look at those too. So that's why we're really encouraged that we'll be able to achieve our targets and Cedric will address the credit agencies.
Cedric Burgher: Yes, we've had, we've for years, but even especially this year had extensive ongoing dialog with our rating agencies. We have a confidential arrangement with them, so we're able to share a little more information. All I would really say though is that you --so they are very well-informed on our plans and you can see some of the actions we're taking to today. In fact, some of that information or news comes out, but what I would say is that we've got a longer list and we have needs and so we think we can easily achieve our plans and I think the agencies understand that.
Leo Mariani: Okay. And I guess just a brief follow-up to that, is there any update at all on the timing of the Africa sale and then additionally, Cedric obviously you got off the significant hedge. Are you guys considering other hedges for 2020, given that was portion of your production. But you still have significant remaining oil production unhedged?
Vicki Hollub: I'll take the Africa question, we really, until after close would we really can't make any comments on timing or anything like that, we'd prefer to get a little bit further down the road and we'll update you when we can.
Cedric Burgher: So on the hedging. We're very pleased with what we're able to pull off in actually a very short period of time I was skeptical, we'd be able to achieve what we've done. But as Vicki mentioned earlier in her prepared remarks, we've hedged just under 40% of our combined company oil volumes if you take a Anadarko's second quarter in our second quarter for oil volumes just under 30%, 40% there. And then if you exclude PSC volumes for us, you get approaching almost 50% of our volumes hedged. If you look at not just in the second quarter basis, so very pleased with the position, not going to be speculative about future hedging doesn't help us to do that other than to say, we'll be opportunistic. I would expect this to be primarily focused on when we're in a more leveraged situation this is giving us a great deal of additional support in a low price environment, potentially in 2020. But beyond kind of the deleveraging that we've talked about, we're not I'd expect us to kind of go back to the way we've been, which is a very little to no hedging but we'll be opportunistic and we could see ourselves putting on more hedges or possibly not doing that as well.
Leo Mariani: Okay, thank you.
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, I'd like to say thanks to the OXY employees for operating safely and delivering great results. And to say we're excited to bring on the Anadarko employees, looking forward to that and then it can't happen soon enough. Thank you all for your questions and for joining our call. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-07 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Occidental's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Allison. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ken Dillon, President, International Oil and Gas Operations; and Oscar Brown, Senior Vice President, Strategy, Business Development and Integrated Supply. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements, as more fully described in our cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements on Slide 2. Our earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules and our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by recognizing that many would like to discuss our proposal to acquire Anadarko, which we will address. But first, I plan to cover the excellent results we achieved in the first quarter and reiterate that our commitment to our value proposition remains unchanged. Creating shareholder value continues to be our #1 priority. Our integrated business is delivering outstanding results, and we continue to be a leader in each area we operate. We are dedicated to returning cash to our shareholders, delivering industry-leading returns and executing our strategy. During the first quarter, we did just that. We returned $800 million through dividends and share repurchases driven by excellent results from all 3 of our business segments. Since 2002, we've returned $34 billion of capital to our shareholders, and our assets continue to generate free cash flow for future distributions. In the Permian Basin, our operational expertise and deep knowledge of the subsurface is unmatched. And the well productivity data is clear: we get more oil from our wells in the short and long term, which generates high value and low development cost. We are rapidly advancing our geomechanical and flow unit modeling, driving breakthroughs in completion design and well spacing, and mitigating parent-child impacts. Oxy has delivered 23 of the top 100 horizontal wells in the Permian, which is the most of any operator, whilst only drilling 4% of the total wells over the same time period. We also continue to delineate our acreage and new ventures for future development with outstanding results from 5 different ventures in New Mexico. Our leadership extends far beyond the Permian. We have a strong international reputation as a low-cost operator, maximizing the value of new and old fields, and delivering major projects around the world on time and on budget. Over the last year, we grew our position in Oman, the UAE and Colombia by a total of over 6.5 million gross acres, and these assets will greatly enhance our value proposition for shareholders. We recently implemented a new completion design in the Middle East, which is generating more oil and improving returns for Oxy and our partners. We're excited about the impact these breakthroughs will have on our future development plan. Our unique Low Carbon Ventures business is also making progress on reducing our carbon footprint by advancing technologies and policies that support the capture and sequestration of anthropogenic CO2, which will reduce carbon emissions while enhancing the economic development of our reserves. We're currently working to advance the Midwest industrial carbon capture strategy that can capture a significant amount of industrial emissions and reduce our total carbon impact through the use of the CO2 in our EOR operations. This project will take partnership and advancement of technology that we are motivated and have begun engagement to help promote this opportunity. We look forward to sharing more details on this project in the future. We also plan to release our 2019 climate report this month, which provides further details on the significant progress we've made on our long-term climate and sustainability strategy. On Slide 5, I want to highlight how our value proposition delivered leading return on and return of capital in 2018. Our ability to achieve best-in-class returns through investing in our high-quality assets was evident as we generated return on capital employed of 14% and cash return on capital employed at 27%, both significantly higher than 2017, an upper quartile performance versus our peer group. This was also the highest return on capital employed that we've generated since 2011. In addition, we returned more than $3.6 billion to shareholders through our sector-leading dividend and share repurchases. No other company in our peer group has such a consistent record of providing a high return of capital to shareholders. These achievements reflect our commitment to our sustainable value proposition, the strength of our integrated business model, the high quality of our assets and the incredible performance of our employees. After we have finished our review of our first quarter, we'll discuss the acquisition. So now I'll turn the call to Cedric.
Cedric Burgher: Thanks, Vicki. For the first quarter, we had reported earnings of $0.84 per diluted share as all three of our business segments continued to perform well despite a lower commodity price environment. We are also pleased to report that we returned $800 million of cash to our shareholders in the first quarter through our dividend and share repurchases, so overall, a very strong quarter across the board. Oil and gas core income increased in the first quarter compared to the prior quarter, reflecting lower DD&A rates as well as a positive mark-to-market adjustment on carbon dioxide purchase contracts, partially offset by lower crude, oil and NGL prices and lower sales volumes due to the timing of liftings. Total first quarter reported production of 719,000 BOEs per day exceeded guidance due to continued best-in-class execution and well productivity in Permian Resources, which came in at the high end of guidance at 261,000 BOEs per day. International production exceeded guidance of 298,000 BOEs per day driven by strong operational performance in Oman, as well as the oil price adjustment in our production sharing contracts. OxyChem exceeded guidance with earnings of $265 million for the first quarter. Earnings increased from the prior quarter primarily due to favorable feedstock costs, such as ethylene and natural gas, along with fees received under our pipeline easement agreement executed in the first quarter. The increase in earnings was partially offset by lower realized caustic soda pricing in addition to production being curtailed at various OxyChem facilities by a third-party tank farm fire in Deer Park, Texas. All OxyChem facilities have resumed safe operations. Our midstream business also exceeded guidance with a first quarter income of $279 million primarily driven by a higher Midland-to-MEH differential and a lower-than-expected mark-to-market impact. Compared to the prior quarter, the decrease in earnings reflected lower Midland-to-MEH differential, which decreased from approximately $15 to $9.78. Working capital changes included cash payments typical of the first quarter, including property tax and fourth quarter accruals. Both OxyChem and our marketing businesses also experienced a working capital draw as a result of a receivable build due to higher prices and volumes. Slide 9 details our guidance for the second quarter and full year 2019. We are on track to deliver annual production growth of 9% to 11% while staying within our capital budget of $4.5 billion. Due to our outstanding proposal to acquire Anadarko, we have suspended our share repurchase program. I'll now turn the call back over to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Cedric. Now turning to our proposal. As you have likely seen, yesterday, we delivered an updated proposal to the Board of Anadarko as well as announced a contingent agreement to sell Anadarko's Algeria, Ghana, Mozambique and South Africa assets to total for $8.8 billion when we complete our proposed acquisition of Anadarko. But before we discuss the details of those announcements, I'd like to quickly recap recent events related to our proposal and situate yesterday's important updates in the proper context. On April 24, we announced our superior proposal to acquire Anadarko for $76 in cash and stock. We continue to believe in the compelling financial and strategic merits of this deal, which would enhance Occidental's sustainable value proposition and benefit both companies' shareholders. On April 29, Anadarko announced its Board of Directors had determined that Occidental's April 24 proposal could reasonably be expected to result in a superior proposal, and our 2 companies have since been engaged for that determination. On April 30, we announced that Berkshire Hathaway has committed to invest a total of $10 billion in Occidental, contingent upon the completion of our proposed acquisition of Anadarko. We're thrilled to have Berkshire Hathaway's financial support for this transaction and believe it reaffirms what we've long believed that Occidental is uniquely positioned to generate compelling value from Anadarko's highly complementary asset portfolio. This is committed acquisition financing that provides us with the ability to increase the cash component of our proposal in a more balance sheet-friendly manner than issuing additional debt. Yesterday, we announced an agreement with Total to sell Anadarko's Africa assets, contingent upon us completing our proposed acquisition of Anadarko. We're pleased to have secured this agreement with Total as it fast tracks the divestiture plan we previously outlined in connection with our proposal. Our agreement with Total to sell these assets to a terrific company allows us to focus all of our integration efforts on the assets most valuable to Oxy. The almost $9 billion sale price funds a portion of the cash consideration to Anadarko while delivering on the majority of our $10 billion to $15 billion of planned asset sales. Importantly, this sale supports our expectations around synergies, and we continue to expect to deliver $2 billion of annual cost synergies and $1.5 billion of annual capital reductions from the proposed acquisition of Anadarko. The financial support of Berkshire Hathaway as well as the agreement we announced with Total also help us to de-lever our balance sheet while focusing our integration efforts on the assets that will provide the most value for us. Yesterday, we also delivered a revised and significantly enhanced superior proposal to the Board of Anadarko to acquire the company for $76 per share with the revised terms of 78% in cash and 22% in stock. Under the terms of the revised proposal, Anadarko shareholders would receive $59 in cash and 0.2934 shares of Occidental stock per share of Anadarko. Pro forma ownership of the combined company would be 84% legacy Occidental shareholders and 16% legacy Anadarko shareholders. The increased cash portion of $59 per share provides significant immediate value, greater closing certainty and enhanced accretion. This revised proposal represents a premium of approximately 23% to the $61.62 per share value of Chevron's offer as of Friday's market close. Our revised proposal does not require an Occidental shareholder vote, which has been cited as the explanation for Anadarko's Board's prior selection of Chevron's $65 offer over our $76 offer. Changing the consideration mix to be cash-heavy is more accretive to us and addresses the issue that Anadarko focused on as their reason for taking the lower bid last time. We firmly believe that Occidental is uniquely positioned to create significant and sustainable growth and value from Anadarko's assets. We've studied this opportunity for almost two years. This is a key long-term decision for us, and we understand what a great opportunity this is for us and our shareholders. We encourage Anadarko's Board to comply with their fiduciary obligations and accept this compelling proposal for Anadarko shareholders. We hope we can continue to execute this merger agreement without delay and proceed to bringing this exciting combination to fruition. We'll now open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: My first question is with regards to the legacy assets and first quarter results. First quarter CapEx was about 28% of full year guidance, and Permian Resources' CapEx was about 30% of the annual budget. Can you run through your expectation for the CapEx trajectory for the remainder of the year? And given higher oil prices, what do you see as the potential to maintain spending run rates and raise the annual budget later in the year, as was done in 2018?
Vicki Hollub: No, our plan is to hold the budget where it is at $4.5 billion. As we had mentioned I think in the last earnings call, we were going to be coming into the year hot, but we're going to be slowing down activity toward the end of the year to achieve our $4.5 billion capital budget.
Brian Singer: And can you talk a little bit more about how you see that or where you see that? And is it fourth quarter specifically?
Vicki Hollub: It would be a combination of third and fourth quarter, and they'll be mostly in the Permian Resources business.
Brian Singer: And then my follow-up is one of the advantages highlighted in your letter to Anadarko and in your comments for Oxy's revised bid for Anadarko is that it does not require a shareholder vote. Recognizing that the requirement for shareholder vote at 20% equity issuance threshold is a rule from the NYSE, how do you and the Board weigh the benefits of the stronger bid as a result of no longer requiring a shareholder vote and the cost of capital that's come to achieve that relative to the Board's Corporate Governance objectives?
Vicki Hollub: Well, I can say that in the 1.5 years that we've been engaged in making offers to Anadarko, we've always made offers up to this point that required a shareholder vote. So our objective in doing this was not at all to avoid the shareholder vote. It was to ensure that we had a reasonable chance to make this happen. We weren't playing on a level-playing field. From a governance standpoint, avoiding the shareholder vote is not something that we wanted to do. But rather than increase our price, we felt like it was in the best interest of our shareholders to hold our price where it is. And as you have seen, we put our last proposal in. And even though it has an $11 differential, our bid, still after 12 days, was not declared superior. So from our standpoint, we saw the two options as increase the share price or provide clarity of closing. We felt like clarity of closing was the lower cost even with the Berkshire financing because remember, our yield is 5% already. The incremental 3% of the Berkshire funds, for us, was well worth it when we took into consideration what the upside of this deal was versus losing this opportunity that for two years we've worked on. We know the upside pretty well. As you know, this fits within our core experience and expertise. So achieving the $2 billion in synergies is quite clear for us. And when you take all of that into consideration, we felt that our greater fiduciary responsibility from a governance standpoint for our shareholders was to make this deal happen.
Operator: The next question will come from Josh Silverstein of Wolfe Research.
Josh Silverstein: I'm just going to stick with the synergies since you ended there. You highlighted the $3.5 billion number on the initial deal, and I know why you're reiterating the views today. How does the Berkshire financing and the additional debt needed to increase the cash offer not eat into them?
Vicki Hollub: Well, the synergies that we have are an estimate. We believe actually that we can exceed those. They're a conservative estimate just based on what we are achieving today. We haven't built in the upside. And we really haven't built much of the upside at all into the model that helped us arrive at a $76 offer price. We believe that the upside in these assets is far more than what we modeled, but we're being conservative in what we see with respect to not only synergies but the incremental and recovery from these wells. We've built nothing into our model for the Powder River and nothing for the mineral rights trend, and then very, very, very conservative for DJ and Delaware Basin. And for more specifics on each of the buckets, I'll turn it over to Cedric.
Cedric Burgher: I'd just add that we have updated. We have two new investor decks out there today, one for the earnings, one for the revised proposal to acquire Anadarko. And on Slide 13, I'd just point you to those cash flow per share and free cash flow per share estimate for 2020 and 2021. They include our synergies, of course, but also the Berkshire Hathaway financing, as well as the sale of the African assets, so all of that has been updated. As you can see, this thing is very accretive, even more accretive than the prior deal on a cash flow per-share basis. And on a free cash flow per-share basis, you can see this deal is very powerful from an financial standpoint. And so when we looked at things, all things considered, it was just part of a more holistic approach to looking at the deal, what it took to get there versus losing it, especially losing it for non-financial reasons, the optics of a vote and so on.
Josh Silverstein: And just on those points, I mean you guys are obviously willing to go out and put another bid on the table without knowing what Chevron's response would be. It seems as if you're finding more upside in this transaction and more willing to go out and get this deal, if I'm reading that correctly.
Vicki Hollub: We believe this to be transformational for Oxy. It's very rare, in fact, generational. When you see an opportunity like this come along where you can check every box that you want to check from a value standpoint, it's accretive to cash flow. It's a, as Cedric just described, tremendous asset base with a huge upside. It's also it's got scale. And it's got things I believe that haven't even been evaluated yet, because Anadarko has been busy working on the DJ, the Delaware. They've begun working in the Powder, which I believe is going to be an upside. And Anadarko has incredible people, too. So we believe that the combination of their employees continuing to have the opportunity to work these assets and with the culture they have blending into our culture, which we think is going to be a fairly easy transition, we think that there's tremendous upside. And we've identified what we feel comfortable with and see today. But I think you're right, there will be more, and there are things we're excited about that we're just not quantifying yet.
Josh Silverstein: So there's more than just the Permian Basin here. I'm guessing that's the reason why you're not just going out and doing one to two Permian consolidation transactions?
Vicki Hollub: It's much more than just the Permian. It's the amazing cash flow from the Gulf of Mexico that's going to help to fund additional return of cash to shareholders because both the DJ and the Delaware are close to being free cash flow generating. And then you have to build on that ultimately as we go along the Powder River position. So we're really excited about it. It gives us so much more flexibility with what we can do with our dollars and the free cash flow.
Operator: The next question will come from Devin McDermott of Morgan Stanley.
Devin McDermott: So the first question I wanted to ask is just hoping you give a little bit more detail on the dialogue and process that you've had here with Anadarko's Board and specifically what the key areas of focus or concern are for them and what has or hasn't been addressed in the latest proposal. I understand the shareholder vote was a key one. That has now been taken out. But in your letter to the Board, you highlighted some others like the potential Board seats that Anadarko was asking. So I just wondered if you can talk a little bit more about what, in your view, has and hasn't been addressed and what some other sticking points have been in the conversation so far.
Vicki Hollub: Well, I think as we've gone along, we went back and did some rehashing of some things that we had previously looked at and we've got worked through all of that. Their management team with our management team has been very engaged. We've got it down to working just some of the details around employees and benefits programs, making sure that we're making fair and equitable decisions for both sets of the employees and both companies. So it's just been a 12-day process. And my concern is that as we were going along and discussing things that were getting to the point where they weren't quite material, that our proposal still wasn't deemed superior, which is why we yesterday submitted the increased cash offer.
Devin McDermott: And then my follow-up's on actually the balance sheet. So one of the changes with the revised bid is there's a higher cash component and we now have the preferred equity, as you noted, from Berkshire Hathaway in the mix. But the overall pro forma leverage with more cash does, at least on our estimates, look higher, and you've addressed that partially with the, I think, attractive asset sale here of the Africa portfolio. Can you just talk about how you're thinking about the balance sheet and de-levering plan here? Any dialogue you may or may not have had with the rating agencies as part of this revised bid?
Cedric Burgher: So certainly, it's a higher cash bid, so more leverage. We have mitigated that through the two transactions we've talked about: the Berkshire money and the African sale. So if you look at the updated numbers, 2021, we're still targeting a debt to EBITDA of 2x or less, and that's with the accounting consolidation of the MLP. Excluding the MLP, it's about 1.5x debt to EBITDA, and that's in a $60 scenario. At $50, if we were to go to $50 immediately, then 2021, excluding the MLP, would be just above 2x debt to EBITDA. So that is we think manageable, not optimal. And as we've said all along, we will be working hard to reduce our debt further below the 1.5x target ultimately. And we have had extensive dialogue with all 3 of our credit rating agencies. That is ongoing, and we still feel confident that we will be investment grade.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan.
Phil Gresh: Just I guess to follow up to the last question on the balance sheet. Cedric, on the last call we had, you talked about there being a lot of buyer interest in asset sales, inbound interest. And so I guess I was just wondering now that you've announced this transaction with Total, was that the main set of assets that you were referring to? Or do you feel like that there are other things you're working on in the Q that could get the balance sheet in better shape faster?
Cedric Burgher: That was definitely the largest set of assets we were receiving inbounds on. There are others, and we certainly have a pipeline of other transactions we think we can execute. And so we can continue to de-lever further and over-achieve our asset sales targets.
Vicki Hollub: I would just also reinforce that it's been really for us very, very encouraging to see the offers and the interest coming in and the fact that we believe that we will far beat what we've laid out to accomplish.
Phil Gresh: And then just to clarify on the Total deal. Is that a done deal no matter what as long as the Anadarko deal closes, i.e., there are no other contingencies? And then secondarily, Cedric, you mentioned the leverage metrics, excluding Western Gas. If you could clarify what it would require in order to deconsolidate that. If that were something you're interested in, just mathematically, what would need to be done?
Vicki Hollub: First, I'll start with the Total question. It is contingent only on the deal going through with Anadarko. And I will say we're really excited about that one because Total, we partnered with them for a long time in the Dolphin project. We know them well, and we know that they're going to be able to maximize the value out of the Africa assets and get more than anybody else could, we believe. And so we're excited about that arrangement, and we will continue working with Total on other opportunities in the Middle East and other areas.
Cedric Burgher: And then with respect to Western Gas MLP consolidation, Anadarko currently owns about 55% of the MLP. And because of the governance structure that's unique to MLPs, in this one in particular, you could sell down to 20% and still have effective control again through the governance setup for that MLP, so you would therefore, in that instance, if you sold down to even 20%, you would still consolidate for sure. If you sell down below 20%, you still likely consolidate because again, there's a lot of control mechanisms that trigger consolidation. So not sure exactly where the line is, it probably is close to zero, if not zero ownership position in the MLP before you would deconsolidate. But if you think about it from a standpoint of legal liability and obligations, that debt at the MLP is nonrecourse. And so in some respects, it's purely an accounting nuance in terms of the consolidation and who's responsible for the debt at the MLP.
Operator: The next question will come from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov: You noted that share buyback has been suspended. Is that a purely legal step for the duration of the uncertainty over the outcome of the current process? Or do you anticipate keeping the buyback suspended even after closing Anadarko if that happens?
Cedric Burgher: We think it's prudent to suspend the buyback now. We've actually done that for the last month or so, a little longer. Once we felt that this transaction had a higher probability of happening and there was enough material information that wasn't yet public, we thought it was the prudent thing to do to suspend it. So that was the first gate. Secondly, certainly, if we close on the transaction, we will be suspending the buyback. Our highest priority will be reducing debt, and we won't be buying back shares until we get down to the debt targets that we've established.
Pavel Molchanov: Can I also ask about the carbon comments, previously with obviously a much more simplified asset base, you've said that you want to be 100% carbon neutral. Will that target continue to apply to the greatly expanded and diversified production mix if, in fact, this deal happens?
Vicki Hollub: That will continue to be our goal. It could extend that out beyond where we had initially hoped to be, that's still our goal. We think we have the strategy that can accomplish that over time, and we think it's really our responsibility to do all that we can do to make that happen. And we're really excited about what our Low Carbon Ventures team is doing, the strategy that they're putting together. It's not just going to impact our operations, but they're actually in a position where they are influencing and helping others too. So we believe that the extent of the benefit of what we're doing will go far beyond just our company.
Operator: The next question will come from Leo Mariani of KeyBanc.
Leo Mariani: I wanted to see if you could provide with more detail around the $2 billion of ongoing annual cost synergies here. What I'm really trying to get at is whether or not there's maybe some breakdown as to how much of that you might see in the Permian versus the DJ. Just want to get a sense of what those synergies may be in the DJ given that's an area that I don't think you guys have operated in before.
Vicki Hollub: I'll start with this and then we'll give you a little more view of what the full synergy outlook looks for each of the buckets. But the reason we say that is we, over the past few years, our team, our subsurface teams working with our business units, the combination of those hand-in-hand looking at how do we improve our performance in the shale play in general, have made some key breakthroughs. And I have to say, it's all of our teams working together from the geophysicists, petrophysicists, geologists, engineers and even a person that we brought over from a NASA contractor who helped us look at or see a similarity between looking at composites and how they fracture in aerospace industry with how we look at our subsurface. All of that together and then applying data analytics has enabled us to, we believe, find a breakthrough in how we look at not only how fracturing works but what you should expect your flow unit to be. And once you've determined what you expect your flow unit to be, then you can tailor your frac designs more appropriately for what you're seeing in the subsurface. And then by tailoring it, you can then optimize your profit. And we have gotten into the point where we're not only having really good results, but we're getting predictive with it, and predictive where you have 3D seismic and you can look at your attribute analysis and make some judgments and assessments on what you expect to see that's similar to what you already have in your analytics database. So when you look at that and you look at how we've been able to do with 23 of the top 100 wells and using less profit than the other wells in the top 100, they use 37 -- I think it's 34% or 37% more profit. So when you look at that, what that means is you're basing this on physics. You're basing it on a science. We're taking a little bit of the art out of fracking and completing shale plays and so when you can do that, then based on the science, you can take that and apply it to other areas. And so it doesn't matter whether you're moving geographically or vertically within a wellbore, science works the same. And so in the Delaware Basin, we've taken it, we bonded some wells and found that its predictive capabilities are really pretty good. And so we know that we can do it in other shale basins as well. And I have to give a shout out to our subsurface teams. They've just done amazing jobs in the business unit and working with them to look at the possibilities and to try new things and to optimize as a team. It's been amazing. And I never expected us to see the continuing improvement that we've seen year-on-year, and we're still continuing. You've seen in the basin, in some areas where the productivity improvements have plateaued. They haven't with us. They continued to increase again from 2017 to 2018. So I think we'll see the same success on the DJ. Now I'll go to Cedric for a little bit more color around the rest of the synergies.
Cedric Burgher: Just looking at Slide 12 in the updated proposal deck that we put out this morning, and the synergies haven't changed, so the prior deck, same slide. But if you look at the 4 different categories of synergies we've laid out, the first one, the domestic capital operating efficiency, that really is just getting Anadarko well cost down to where we currently are, primarily using our Oxy Drilling Dynamics reducing drilling costs and the proppant loading reduction, which reduces the completion cost. So we're going to talk a little bit more about the drilling dynamics here in a second. Ken is with us to help in that front. So that's the first bucket there. The second one, procurement and supply chain. We've talked a lot about our Aventine Logistics Hub and the savings we get there for ourselves. Again, we can deploy that in the Permian. In that strategy, we can deploy elsewhere, but primarily we've attributed savings in the Permian plus our supply chain. And Oscar Brown is here who heads up global supply and strategy for us. He can address that a little further. And then the last, the third bucket there, general overhead and corporate. It's primarily people, real estate and aircraft. We have one corporate aircraft plus an all-employee shuttle, to therefore, corporate airplanes. And so we don't think we need all of those, and we can reduce that along with obviously people and duplicate offices and real estate. And then we've talked about the capital reduction synergies, as well as a fourth bucket for you. So now I'll turn it over to Ken to talk about Oxy Drilling Dynamics and the savings we've achieved around the world there and then follow that with Oscar on the supply chain.
Ken Dillon: First of all, I'd like to say we compete and partner with majors and independent oil companies all around the world, so we can actually see how far ahead we are in drilling dynamics, started in Permian and it rolled out around the world. So we're very confident in the drilling and completion synergies, working with the excellent Anadarko engineers in each of their assets. ODD is basically a holistic approach to drilling. It's mechanical-specific, energy-focused and we have our own equations which drive our software that we install in the rigs. We have our own processes, and it's more like a social network of drilling rather than a data book on how to design wells. We optimize bid design ourselves. We design stabilizers ourselves in real time based on the results of the last well. And we use data analytics to make formation-by-formation improvements. If you look since 2014, we've worked together with international contractors altogether, so Halliburton, Schlumberger, Baker are all in the same room as we're drilling each individual well. Everyone has a chance to have input, and the focus is on the best well, not the best individual company performance. We've improved HES, and we've integrated and optimized the supply chain processes. Since 2014, we've saved over $708 million internationally. And we're very confident about making those synergies that we've talked about in this proposal. I'd like to hand over now to Oscar on supply chain.
Oscar Brown: And I guess just stating the obvious. We'll be doubling our purchase power at Occidental with the combination with Anadarko. So that's a huge opportunity. We'll be maximizing our economies of scale in terms of purchasing power and combining the company, both companies' best practices in procurement. I'll just expand a little bit on Cedric's comments on Aventine and that model. Certainly, the Aventine Hub is only 40 miles from the heart of Anadarko's Delaware Basin assets. And so there's lots of capacity still available at Aventine for all the different services and products that are managed there. So there'll be a huge opportunity in terms of general logistics. And if you look on the map on Page 11, you can really see the sort of superhighway that's formed between the Southern and the Northern Delaware of the pro forma position. And you can see there may be opportunities to expand the Aventine-type model to other parts of the Delaware Basin. In addition, the combined purchasing power, I think we both have contracts where the increase in purchasing power will help us in terms of our cost, in terms of certain equipment, rig rates, OCTG, et cetera. So we believe there's great opportunities in supply chain to deliver the $600 million that's noted.
Leo Mariani: All right very, very thorough answer from you folks around the synergies here. Just in terms of a follow-up. I think, Cedric, you clearly pointed out that leverage will increase at Oxy post the deal, and thank you for those sensitivities around the commodity prices. Is there any thought process to maybe hedge some volumes out over the next couple of years to maybe eliminate some of that cash flow uncertainty in the deal here?
Cedric Burgher: It's certainly an option available to us. We don't think it will be necessary. As you've already seen, we're way ahead of schedule on what we can do to de-lever. And so we have historically not been an advocate of hedging for a number of reasons, but it is an option available to us to help reduce the risk if we feel like we need to fall back to that. None of the numbers we presented you with include any hedging.
Vicki Hollub: I'll also point out that our chemicals business and our Al Hosn and Dolphin provide -- and our PSAs in the Middle East provide some form of hedging for us, so we're quite confident that the cash flow in a lower-price environment will be there.
Operator: The next question will come from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: I just got two quick ones. I think it's really a follow-up to Phil's question earlier regarding Western Gas. For those of us who covered Anadarko for a while, Anadarko had pretty much built out their midstream facilities, so the control of that asset didn't really seem to be as strategic a requirement as it was in the past. So I'm just curious, given that you guys have made an arc ahead of retaining the takeaway rights while monetizing this deal, can you just give us a little bit more of a thought as to what you see as the strategic ownership requirement of West? My follow-up is really just a quick one on the Gulf of Mexico. Obviously, I know that Oxy had some interest in the long time ago, but clearly, Anadarko was using that to harvest cash. I'm just curious whether you see the role of that in your portfolio to continue to harvest cash or if you might consider yourself as perhaps a consolidator there as well, much as you expect to be in the onshore? And I'll leave it there.
Vicki Hollub: I'll start with the first one on Western Gas. As you rightly pointed out, Doug, we don't really feel like we have to necessarily own infrastructure to take advantage of it. We were quite fortunate and by design, actually, selected the companies that we did for the sale of our midstream last year to two, what we feel like are great management teams that are very well positioned to maximize the value of those assets and to work well with us. And so we have a great relationship with them. The same thing would need to happen for Western for us to divest of it because it's important that you're working with someone who has interests that are aligned with yours when you're talking about infrastructure. So I wouldn't take that option off the table. As with any of our infrastructure in place today, we would be willing to consider the monetization of that sooner rather than later depending on the potential buyer. With respect to the Gulf of Mexico assets, our strategy would be the same as Anadarko's there, and that is to just use that asset to generate cash. It would not be to consolidate or extend the growth. It's to maintain production flat and keep our cash flow flat. And Anadarko has done a great job doing that, and they have a superior team working in the Gulf of Mexico today.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Deckelbaum of Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: I just wanted to confirm, included in the assumptions on capital reduction, the $1.5 billion. Was any of that capital allocated towards the African assets? This is $1.5 billion standalone post the African divestiture?
Cedric Burgher: This is Cedric. Yes, it was. There was some capital associated with the African assets that's now been removed. So we're ahead of schedule on the capital reduction targets as well with that.
David Deckelbaum: So how much of that was included in the $1.5 billion? Are you saying there's still another $1.5 billion that remains in capital reduction after the sale?
Cedric Burgher: It was about $200 million, so that leaves about $1.3 billion remaining.
David Deckelbaum: So there was nothing from Mozambique included in there then?
Cedric Burgher: That's about $200 million for the next year, so a total of $400 million, excuse me. $200 million was ex Mozambique and then $200 million with Mozambique.
David Deckelbaum: Okay. I appreciate that. And then just as a follow-up. I know pro forma, you talked about the capital reduction and then slowing the combined growth rate down to 5%. Is that purely a function of trying to augment as much free cash as you can in the first couple of years just to de-lever more quickly? And then if it's not the case, would Oxy standalone be better suited growing at a lower rate?
Cedric Burgher: So yes, good question. We think that 5% is a very healthy growth rate. It's very sustainable for many, many, many years. And on a larger asset base, this would obviously be transformational, taking us up in terms of scale and size. We think that's an appropriate growth rate, and it certainly does help increase free cash flow so that we can de-lever more quickly. And then standalone, we have also considered doing that as well. As you know, in the last year -- up until the middle of last year, we were replacing a lot of cash flow that we had exited second-tier basins and countries and replacing that organically rather than through M&A. We accomplished that plan in the middle of last year. And then we were surprised with the loss of the Qatar cash flow, and so we've been replacing that as well. So we've been headed in that direction as well internally. We just haven't yet announced that, but I can tell you that's where we're headed fairly soon if we were to lose out on the Anadarko deal.
Operator: And the final question will come from Richard Tullis of Capital One Securities.
Richard Tullis: Vicki, in the past, Oxy has referenced about 3,000 drilling locations in the Permian Resources with breakevens below $50 oil. How would the Anadarko Delaware Basin properties generally rank within Oxy's existing inventory on a rate of return basis?
Vicki Hollub: I think that they would fit well within the top couple of tiers. If you look at the, as Oscar had referenced, Slide 11 previously where it shows the portion of their acreage that is in between Barilla Draw and Southeast New Mexico, there's some prime acreage in there and there's some certainly, we believe, quite a few tier 1 opportunities. I think their inventory there, we believe, could be over 10,000 wells. And we believe that it would be very, very similar to our inventory. And we expect that over time, because of the lower cost that we can imply as a result of the entire trend, our two areas with theirs, we can further lower cost and infrastructure synergies so that we'll be able to move more wells down into the less than $50 breakeven category.
Richard Tullis: And just lastly, not trying to jump ahead too much here, I know there's more work to be done, of course. But how does this pending acquisition impact further Permian acquisitions going forward that may materialize in the current environment that places more value on operational execution and free cash flow generation, albeit they may be smaller in the future?
Vicki Hollub: Well, we will continue doing the very small asset trades that our teams do, acreage swaps and things like that. We would continue some bolt-on where it makes sense, but not of any size. We would be looking at smaller bolt-on acquisitions. I would say that anything of any material acquisitions would be something that we would not do until we achieve our debt reduction targets.
Cedric Burgher: I'd like to add one thing that came up in a prior question just something we've had offline. I want to make sure we get it out there for everyone. For the transaction with Total, it's about $8.8 billion in gross proceeds. But after tax, net proceeds for the transaction will be about $8 billion, so about $800 million in tax and other cost.
Operator: And in the interest of time, this will conclude our question and answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks.
Vicki Hollub: I just want to say thank you all for your questions and for joining our call. We're really excited about this opportunity and what it's going to mean for Occidental and for the Anadarko shareholders and ultimately for our shareholders. Appreciate it. Have a good day. Bye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to of the Occidental Petroleum Corporation Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's fourth quarter 2018 conference call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ken Dillon, President International Oil and Gas Operations; and BJ Hebert, President of OxyChem. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements, as more fully described in our cautionary statement, regarding forward-looking statements on slide 2. Our earnings press release, the investor relations supplemental schedules, and our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations and the conference call presentation slides, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Today I'll begin our fourth quarter results followed by our 2018 achievements, a plan for the year ahead and an overview of the benefits of our integrated business model. The fourth quarter of 2018 wrapped up a successful year for Oxy both financially and operationally. We returned $900 million to shareholders in the quarter through a combination of dividend and share repurchases. Our continued focus on increasing returns for our shareholders was achieved due to outstanding performance from all three of our businesses in a changing market condition. Despite WTI falling below $43 a barrel in the quarter, we posted core earnings per share of $1.22 and generated the highest semiannual level of operating cash flow since 2014, making the second half of 2018 our strongest six-month period since our portfolio optimization. Permian cash operating cost were the lowest this decade, driven by the long-term high-return investments that we're making such as in facilities and infrastructure. We operate our assets with a full lifecycle view. Our investments will continue to provide payback in the form of lower cost as our production base expands. OxyChem and our Midstream business both achieved record fourth quarter earnings as a result of our integrated business model, which enables us to take full advantage of market conditions such as delivering higher realizations from our Permian take away position. In 2018, we grew cash flow to a level that exceeded both capital expenditures and our dividend, a key achievement we have been working toward since completing our portfolio optimization. Organic cash flow growth was driven by prioritizing the allocation of capital to opportunities that generate the highest full cycle returns. We are pursuing cash flow growth with two key objectives in mind, first and foremost to generate a higher return on capital; and second to return an increasing level of excess cash to shareholders. In 2018, we returned more than $3.6 billion to shareholders through our sector-leading dividend and $1.3 billion of share repurchases under our $2 billion-plus share repurchase program. We intend to complete the remainder of the share repurchase program in 2019. We remain committed to returning capital to shareholders through a balanced combination of dividends and share repurchases as we've done for a long time. Since 2002, we've increased our dividend each consecutive year and we've returned $33 billion to our shareholders through our dividend and share repurchases. That's about 70% of our current market capitalization. Almost 50% of this was returned in the last five years, a time period which included one of the worst downturns our industry has ever experienced. Through this downturn we also maintained our strong balance sheet and A-level credit ratings. Our focus on investing in our high-quality assets delivered a 2018 return on capital employed of 14% and cash return on capital employed at 27%, both significantly higher than 2017 and our per quartile performance versus our performance peer group. These achievements reflect our commitment to our value proposition, the strength of our integrated business model and the high quality of our assets. We made notable productivity and efficiency gains across all three business segments in 2018. The investments that OxyChem and our Midstream business completed in recent years paid off in 2018 as both segments optimized cash flow and delivered record earnings. Our Permian business continued to outperform with Permian Resources delivering an impressive 52% production growth and Permian EOR exceeding cost reduction targets for the acquired Seminole CO2 field. Our international business generated $1.4 billion in free cash flow in 2018 and has enormous potential to grow cash flow going forward. On our last call Ken provided details of our new international opportunities. Now we're pleased to have been awarded a new block in Abu Dhabi that Ken will describe in a few minutes. This new Abu Dhabi block along with six in Colombia and three in Oman, make 10 new blocks added in the last year. These new international opportunities will add significant high-return low-decline development inventory to our portfolio. At the same time, it's worth highlighting that these will require only a modest investment in the short-term. One of our key competitive advantages is our ability to develop assets in a way that efficiently maximizes all production recovery and generate significant cash flow growth over the next decades. For the last three years, we've achieved all-in reserve replacement ratios exceeding 160% companywide. The 2018 reserve replacement ratio of 164% is due to the excellent technical work our teams have completed in enhancing subsurface characterization across our portfolio and building customized development plans. Our momentum has continued into 2019 as our business segments continue to invest in high-return opportunities. Last month we discussed various capital budgets through three different pricing scenarios, but we've decided to limit our full capital spend in 2019 to $4.5 billion. This represents a $500 million or a full 10% reduction from 2018. By maximizing efficiencies, we are reducing spending to adjust to a lower oil price environment. As activity is adjusted to make full year capital spending of $4.5 billion, we expect spending to be higher in the first half of the year. In creating our capital budget to realize the highest returns, Permian Resources shale production will become a larger portion of our total oil and gas production. We expect this will increase our oil and gas base decline to 20% in 2019. As we continue to invest in the Permian, we will advance our appraisal in the short cycle low decline development opportunities in our new international blocks to prepare them for growth. Our 2019 capital program is dominated by short-cycle investments, the majority of which well pay back within two years at $50 WTI. We will continue to be conservative and if necessary, within six months we can reduce capital spending to sustainable levels, meaning that OXY remains flexible throughout the commodity cycle. We will grow oil and gas production by 9% to 11% in 2019 to replace the cash flow from Qatar in 2020, but our long-term annual growth rate forecast remains at 5% to 8-plus-percent. Cash flow growth is an inherent driver in generating a high return off-capital and a higher return on-capital. Our 2022 roadmap details the projects we will prioritize and execute over the next few years, in order to grow cash flow from operations to $9 billion in 2022. While Permian Resources will continue to be the main driver of growth through 2022, our international business will also grow in terms of both cash flow and production. In addition to having many high return short cycle opportunities, we also continue to benefit from the stable sustainable cash flow generated by OxyChem, Midstream and Dolphin. Even with a lower activity level and a significantly reduced capital budget for 2019, we still remain on track to achieve the low end of the 2022 cash flow range of $9 billion to $9.5 billion that we communicated in our third quarter call. As you will have noticed based on our expectations for the WTI spread weve updated our Brent price assumption for 2020 onwards and this will have minimal impact based on our production sharing contracts. To be conservative, we modeled OxyChem and midstream cash flow at the low end of the previous range and our projection of $9 billion in cash flow by 2022 does not include significant upside from several additional projects that we're currently evaluating. We'll provide updates on these projects as we advance. This morning Cedric will take you through our financial results and updated guidance; and Jeff will detail the continuous improvements we are creating in the Permian. Ken will then provide an update on our new opportunities in our international business. I'll now hand the call over to Cedric.
Cedric Burgher: Thanks Vicki. As Vicki highlighted, we are pleased to have continued repurchasing shares, allowing us to return $900 million of cash to shareholders during the fourth quarter and over $3.6 billion in 2018 including our dividend. On slide 10, I'd like to start with our earnings which improved across all segments year-over-year. For the fourth quarter we had core earnings of $1.22 per diluted share and reported earnings of $0.93 per diluted share. The difference between reported and core income is attributable to an impairment charge of $220 million which was driven by lower oil prices. Earnings also included a net tax benefit of $224 million, which significantly decreased our fourth quarter effective tax rate and it consisted of $100 million for additional EOR tax credits and tax credits related to U.S. export sales; $99 million for releasing a foreign withholding tax accrual; and $25 million for changes related to the 2017 Tax Reform Act. Oil and gas core income decreased in the fourth quarter compared to the prior quarter, reflecting lower oil and NGL prices as realized prices declined by 10% and 23% respectively from the third quarter. Fourth quarter oil and gas results included a non-cash mark-to-market change related to our CO2 purchase contracts, as well as higher operating and DD&A expenses in Qatar as a result of the ISND contract expiration later this year. Total fourth quarter reported production of 700,000 BOEs per day was above the midpoint of our guidance, due to the continued best-in-class execution and well productivity in the Permian Resources, which resulted in 250,000 BOEs per day during the quarter at the top end of the guidance range and represents an exit to exit increase of over 57%. Total international production of 290,000 BOEs per day was up slightly lower than guidance primarily due to the oil price adjustment in our production sharing contracts in Oman. The contracts utilize pricing mechanism with a two-month delay which resulted in a higher realized price and lower production for Oman in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter international production was also impacted by weather and accelerated maintenance. OxyChem continues to perform strongly reporting its highest fourth quarter pre-tax income ever of $223 million, above guidance of $220 million. Earnings decreased from the third quarter, primarily due to expected seasonality and end market demand for core vinyl products as well as lower realized caustic soda pricing and higher natural gas and ethylene costs. Our midstream business reported record core fourth quarter earnings of $670 million, which exceeded the high-end of our guidance, due to positive mark-to-market movements and a higher-than-expected Midland to MEH differential. Compared the prior quarter fourth quarter earnings reflected lower marketing margins due to a decrease in the Midland to MEH differential from $16.67 to $15.31 and lower pipeline income from the sale of the Centurion Pipeline in the prior quarter. Fourth quarter revenue and cost of sales were both grossed up by $340 million due to the accounting treatment of certain Midstream contracts where we've used our excess takeaway capacity from the Permian to purchase and resale third-party barrels. The third quarter gross-up amount was $327 million. Operating cash flow before working capital for the fourth quarter was $1.9 billion, which covered our capital expenditures of $1.3 billion and dividends of $594 million. Our total year-end capital spend came in just under our planned spend amount of $5 billion. Slide 11 details, our guidance for the first quarter and full year 2019. As Vicki mentioned, we will pursue high-return reinvestment opportunities in 2019 that will be funded by a total capital budget of $4.5 billion, which will result in annual production growth of 9% to 11%. We are reducing capital spending year-over-year and due to technical and operational advances, we are still able to deliver significant cash flow growth. As we advance into 2019, our balance sheet remains strong and we have ample liquidity available to complete our share repurchase program. We ended 2018 with over $3 billion in cash and still hold PAGP units with a market value of approximately $700 million. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Cedric. 2018 was an outstanding year for our combined Permian business as we improved the value of our conventional and unconventional assets through our value-based development approach. We're able to add high margin barrels and generate great returns on our investments. We replaced 216% of our production with new reserves through industry-leading performance and successful appraisal. Combined total year production per Permian Resources and Permian EOR grew 77,000 BOEs per day compared to 2017, and exceeded 400,000 BOEs per day in the fourth quarter. We lowered Permian operating cost 9% by utilizing advanced data analytics on our artificial lift, implementing new water recycling technology, and improving maintenance efficiency across the Permian. Permian Resources has a simple model that I love called 'leave no doubt' which refers to our relentless pursuit of generating the best returns in the industry. In 2018, we made tremendous progress toward achieving this principle as we increased our total production 52% and exceeded our initial 2018 guidance by 12,000 BOEs per day. Our subsurface characterization improvements have driven breakthroughs at an accelerated pace. By integrating advancements in geoscience with our 12,000 square miles of 3D seismic and subsurface characterization models, we are rapidly achieving step change improvements in well design and placement. In 2018, we improved our average six-month cumulative production by 25% compared to 2017. Over the last 12 months OXY has delivered 40% of the top 50 horizontal wells in the basin which is the most for any operator while only drilling 5% of the total wells over the same time period. On the capital efficiency front our operational improvement initiatives continue to drive efficiency, compressed time-to-market, and lower full cycle cost. In 2018, we increased our fee drilled per day by 19% and we drilled record 15-day 10,000-foot wells measured rig release-to-rig release in both our Mexico and Texas Delaware areas. On a base management front, our investments and operability and surveillance are transforming how we optimize our base as demonstrated by our 10% reduction in operating cost per barrel in 2018. In addition to efficiency improvements, we're also achieving major advancements in artificial lift optimization and well enhancements to lower the base decline rate. The rate of progress in Permian Resources is extraordinary and will lead us to exceed to 600,000 BOEs per day for this business alone within the next five years. Our Permian EOR business also had a great year. We continued the integration of the Seminole-San Andres unit and have now lowered OpEx by $8 per BOE since we took over operations in September of 2017. We start injection on new grassroots CO2 flood at the West Sundown unit which start injection four months earlier than planned and will achieve a development cost of under $6 per BOE. Permian EOR continues to provide a low decline cash flow and high returns for our shareholders. We're excited about the critical role it will play in our long-term business sustainability strategy, especially as we leverage our position and expertise to reduce our carbon footprint. Slide 14 provides more detail on the 2019 capital program. Permian Resources will comprise $2.6 billion of our $4.5 billion total capital budget in 2019. We will utilize approximately 12 operated rigs and one to two non-operated rigs with development focus on our core areas. We plan to operate six to seven rigs in New Mexico which will primarily develop the high return Bone Springs and Wolfcamp formations. We will continue development in areas proved to be highly prolific in 2018 and plan to allocate activity to the tanks area of Greater Sand Dunes in the second half of the year. The appraisal results from tanks area have been outstanding, the three wells online in 2018 averaging over 3,000 BOEs per day per well for 30 days. In Texas, Delaware, we'll operate five to six rigs primarily developing the Wolfcamp A and Hoban formations. The tapered well design we implemented in the second half of 2018 to significantly improve the returns of our new wells and we expect to see continued improvement through 2019. Overall our capital program for 2019 will generate significant value for our shareholders and result in 30% to 35% annual production growth. We will also be advancing the commercialization of unconventional EOR development and expect to share more information on results later in the year. As you can see, 2018 was an exceptional year for our Permian businesses. We saw well productivity records, significantly lowered operating cost, and realized breakthroughs with data analytics and subsurface characterization that improves the returns from our assets. 2018 may seem like a hard year to beat, but the organization is more energized and capable than ever and I'm sure we will leave no doubt in 2019. I'll now turn the call over to Ken to discuss international.
Ken Dillon: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. As Vicki and Cedric mentioned our 2019 capital plan focuses on investing in projects that grow cash flow and generate the highest returns. Today we're pleased to share the details of onshore Block 3, which is a new 35-year concession in Abu Dhabi. We feel honored to expand our relationship with ADNOC and the first award of its kind onshore. With Block 3 as well as the new onshore blocks landed in Oman and Colombia, we feel we have established the clear pathway for OXY to grow sustainable cash flow from our low-decline long-life international assets. We certainly appreciate the recognition as a partner of choice. As shown on slide 16 Block 3 covers an area of approximately 1.5 million acres, which is slightly greater than the total of our net unconventional acreage in the Permian. We have high expectations for this block given its location between the prolific oilfields of Abu Dhabi and Oman. It's also adjacent to our outhouse gas project. As I mentioned in the last call, our regional geological knowledge is best-in-class and it continues to develop. We utilize that experience in preparing our initial stacked pay prospect infantry for Block 3. In 2019, our capital spend in Block 3 will be modest. The initial scope of work involves participating in the state-of-the-art 3D seismic acquisition and degradation. Our plan is to initiate drilling in 2019. Expanding our footprint in UAE in such a meaningful way, especially through the 35-year concession has allowed us to enhance our long-term international portfolio at an attractive price of entry. Additionally in Abu Dhabi, we continue to look at cost effective ways to debottleneck the Al Hosn Gas facilities. In Colombia, in partnership with EcoPetrol, we have signed an agreement to develop Blocks 39 and 52. These blocks are adjacent to our giant Cao Limn field and where we had successful discoveries this year. In addition we formed into four blocks in the highly prospective Putumayo Basin where we have regional knowledge of the reservoirs. With these blocks, our net acreage in Colombia has arisen to approximately one million acres with a low cost of entry. Like your other recent words capital will be small in 2019. In terms of performance, our OXY international drilling teams continue to improve performance and since 2014 I'd say it's approximately $650 million for OXY and our partners, as well as improving efficiency cost and time-to-market, the international safety performance was again world-class. Our international exploration programs in 2017 added 47 million BOE of resources and bettered that in 2018 by adding 94 million BOE of resources while at the same time opening up new place. Funding costs were around $0.76 per BOE. In closing, we expect 2019 to be an exciting year for OXY internationally as the exploration programs in new blocks for gas we will continue to provide updates on significant developments. As you can see the work we are executing closely aligns with OXY's key technical competencies and returns focused on our true partnership. I'll now turn the call back to Vicki. Thank you.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Ken. Before we go to Q&A, I'd like to emphasize that we believe the strongest oil and gas companies of the future will be those that have a shareholder-focused value proposition and our structure and sustainability to withstand the oil price cycles, while also maintaining a social license to operate in the world in general and operate in a low carbon world. Our value proposition will continue to deliver a growing dividend in the upper quartile or maybe best-in-class returns to our shareholders, while also growing oil and gas production 5% to 8-plus-percent annually. Unlike many companies in our sector, we delivered this through one of the longest downturns our industry has faced. Our company is primarily an upstream oil and gas company with integrated midstream and chemicals business, so that adds significant value and provides important support during low oil price cycles. The diversification of our upstream oil and gas business also provides strength in periods of low oil price along with substantial upside in higher oil price cycles. This upside is made possible by our short-cycle, high-return, unconventional assets in the Permian, along with a new conventional opportunities that we just picked up in Oman, Colombia and Abu Dhabi. Our strength in the low price environment bolstered by our very low decline enhanced oil recovery projects in the Permian, Oman and Colombia. I'm specifically referring to our CO2 and water plugs in the Permian, our water plugs in northern Oman, our steamflood in Mukhaizna which happens to be one of the largest steamfloods in the world and our new TECA steamflood in Colombia. Our production sharing contracts and our road to decline gas projects in offer and Al Hosn also provides significant support in low oil price cycles. I believe there is no other oil companys in the oil gas industry that has this blend of high-quality, focused oil and gas projects that provides this diversity. This is why we can continue to deliver our value proposition. Not only do we have a great blend of assets with the addition of our new blocks, we have incredible inventory of development opportunities. Over the past few years, we've replaced our production with new reserves at a ratio of greater than 160%. With the inventory we now have, we expect to achieve that replacement ratio for the foreseeable future. This ensures the sustainability of our value proposition. With respect to our social license to operate, our commitment is to manage our business in a way that improves the quality of life for our employees, contractors and the communities where we operate, while also minimizing the potential impacts of our operations. Our employees are the lifeblood of our company. They are the drivers of our success and as such, we are committed to their continued development and helping them address the challenges of work/life balance. Many people refer to this as human capital management, but I don't. These are our people, the OXY family not just capital. It's personal to us. We want their lives to be the best that they can be at home and at work. This will enable them to be engaged and ready to deliver the best possible value to our shareholders as they have done in a significant way during this downturn. And in the areas where we operate, we want to ensure that we have a positive impact and can find ways that improve the quality of life in the community. Lastly, but equally as important is our commitment to use our unique skills and assets to lead carbon capture use in sequestration or CCUS, starting in the United States and ultimately in other parts of the world. Along with many other initiatives, CCUS is necessary to limit the impact of climate change. With our CO2 Enhanced Oil Recovery expertise and projects in the Permian, we believe we can lead the effort to capture current CO2 emissions from industrial sources to use in sequester in our Permian reservoirs. This will benefit the climate and our shareholders. As we have previously mentioned, we now have a low carbon team whose mission is to seek opportunities to innovatively reduce our carbon footprint in ways that also improve our operations and thus are expandable and sustainable. Our comprehensive strategy addresses all the factors that make a company great and sustainable. I believe this has built us into our next-generation company that is uniquely positioned to excel in our changing world. We'll now open it up to your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yeah. Good morning. How are you? Hopefully, everybody can hear me? Yeah. I just wanted to kind of come at it from the capital discipline side. Obviously, the presentation you put out in January highlighted that you would live within cash flow given the oil price. Good to see the higher growth rate now 9 to 11 versus the 10 to 8. But just really my question is along the lines of trying to think about how Oxy and maybe the broader E&P space fits here, with what you're trying to do versus maybe what were seeing out of the super majors in terms of increasing activity in the Permian, and then we haven't seen the magnitude of drop-off, I think we would've expected out of some of the private companies. So as you think about capital returns, capital discipline, but then maybe a little bit of the risk being squeezed between these other two components, how do you kind of square that circle up? And what do you see as the driver for how you want to run the company?
Vicki Hollub: The driver for us is to maximize returns. And so the way, we put together our development programs is, we don't try to design for peak rate production. We really try to design all of our development programs and our comprehensive development of the Permian with the synergies between EOR and resources. We try to design that in a way that creates the highest difference in value. And I can tell you, we're not trying to outpace the majors. We're trying to outperform the majors. And I think that, we're clearly doing that in the Permian at this time. I think it's  from the standpoint of our programs versus theirs. We're doing a lot more with the rigs that we employed today than many other companies are with almost double the rigs that we have. And our focus is more on making sure that every dollar we invest creates more value. And so we're trying to really work the side of maximizing recovery from the reservoir and minimizing our cost. So it's not a race for us to outpace them. And we have teams that have built our infrastructure and our position and our relationship in a way that grow as they will they will not impact our operations. We believe we are perfectly positioned to be able to do the things we need to do. We have the takeaway capacity. We have the export capacity. We have the infrastructure within the Permian. So we're positioned there, and I think in a catch-up mode at this point.
Roger Read: Okay. Thanks. And then Jeff just the part you mentioned about data analytics, I understand it's helping. Is there any quantification that you can offer on that front? Or either what's been captured to-date or what you would expect going forward?
Jeff Alvarez: Yes, I think the real quantification is when you look at performance improvements and ultimately what's going to play out from a capital efficiency standpoint. So, I think when we point to our well performance and our development performance, all of that -- or a good portion of that is being driven with how we utilize data analytics. And the thing I'd point to the most is as you can see our development; our performance isn't based on a lot of trial and error. It's largely based on our ability to go in, understand the reservoir from a subsurface standpoint, utilize the huge amounts of data that we have in an effective way, and come up with an optimal development that delivers very good results from the beginning, not in a trial and error mode, where we have to deploy a lot of capital that gets underutilized. And so it's almost unfair to point out we used artificial lift because that's where we've made some huge breakthroughs, but we are applying data analytics in almost every aspect of the business with sub-surface characterization is the one we talked about the most because it's so impactful. But it's being used universally across the business and there is example after example on how that's creating value.
Roger Read: Great. Thanks. And it's okay from our perspective if you want to be unfair when we're thinking about other stocks.
Jeff Alvarez: Thanks Roger.
Operator: And our next question will come from Bob Morris of Citi.
Bob Morris: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. My first question, Vicki, is with regard to again the capital discipline side, you've capped the budget this year at $4.5 billion so you can return any cash generated above $50 a barrel to shareholders. But then beyond this year, you're stepping back up the CapEx and to do that you're spending -- you end up spending cash above $50 a barrel and I know you have to do that to still hit your 5% to 8% production growth target. But to what extent would you consider continuing what you are doing this year just sort of cap any spin to return cash above $50 per barrel to shareholders? I know that would put your growth at the lower end of the range and you can still obtain double-digit growth out of Permian Resources. So, is there a scenario where you may continue, like you do in this year, beyond this year to then return any excess cash above $50 a barrel to shareholders?
Vicki Hollub: Our assumption for 2020 was based on our belief that oil prices will be $60 in 2020. And if that's the case, with a budget of 5 to 5.3, we would still be able to return cash to shareholders. And we want to continue to, at some point, grow our dividend more meaningfully and Cedric will talk about that a little later but our 5 to 5.3 capital budget would allow for us above a $60 environment to return cash and that's something that we've always done as I mentioned in my script and something that we'll continue to do. We think of balance to return of cash to shareholders through repurchases and strong dividend with a right balance between those is important to continue.
Bob Morris: Sure, I appreciate that. So, my second question is for Cedric. Cedric last quarter you mentioned that M&A was part of OXY's DNA and so at this stage, do you see the A&D environment more conducive to opportunities for OXY out there or have you grown more optimistic with regard to potential acquisitions or adding to your portfolio in the Permian?
Cedric Burgher: Well, it's -- we've certainly seen a few -- some activity picking up in M&A. I would say from OXY's perspective, we're always aware and we keep ourselves very informed. We look at a lot of opportunities, its rare when we don't get a call and when there's something coming to market. But if you look at our organic growth opportunities as we've described, they're robust across the globe and across each business sectors. So we don't have to do a deal and we only want to do a deal, if it's going to be very accretive to our shareholders and for values. So we do see ourselves over the long run being a consolidator. That's one of the things that goes with -- or opportunities that goes with being a low cost producer. We consider ourselves one-off, if not the lowest cost producer in the basins and places we choose to operate. So I think, there will be consolidation opportunities over time as I said before, however it needs to be a compelling deal for us and for our shareholders and that's how we look at it.
Bob Morris: Is there an advanced catalyst that sort of sparks an increase in consolidation not necessarily for OXY, but across the Permian at some point?
Cedric Burgher: That's hard for me to predict. You know there's certainly a lot of assets and small private companies that don't seem to have the scale or the technology to put themselves in a low-cost producer status. So at some point perhaps those come to market at more reasonable prices. There have been a few, but it's hard to predict those things. We're certainly ready when that happens. And then otherwise there are other operators that are trying to figure out, if they can make the breakthroughs that we have and so on and it will just be something that will be -- to be determined. It's hard to predict.
Jeff Alvarez: Hey Bob, this is Jeff. I mean, the only thing I'd add to what Cedric said, if you look at the Permian history it's consolidated when the business got really hard, prices drop, margins get squeezed and then consolidation generally happen. I think when you look across though in conventional space, you all know better than anyone, the business continues to get harder not easier as people move to full section development, having to operate with lower operating cost, manage infrastructure, large KOLs all those things. So we're definitely progressing to where you're starting to see differentiation between those that are good operators and those that are maybe aren't as good.
Bob Morris: No, I agree. OXY is positioned very well in that type of environment. So, I appreciate your comments. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Sankey of Mizuho.
Paul Sankey: Good afternoon. Just a couple of points of clarification on your presentation, if I could, on slide 4 you stated that you drilled less than 5% of the horizontal wells in the Permian, but have 40% of the top 50 well results. Could you expand on that a little bit in terms of what you're comparing and how you're comparing that? Thank you.
Cedric Burgher: Sure Paul. I'll take that. Basically if you go to anyone who has the deck opened slide 31 shows that. So there's lots of ways to measure performance. Specific measure that we use is the cleanest as to where we look at over the last year top 50 wells from an IP standpoint, where are they? Who has them? And then you can see on the left, we've got 20 of the top 50 over the last year. We've showed this for several quarters, so you can see moves around and how it progress. And 40% of those were the top operators when you look at the data. Another thing we add to it, on the right, which is something we often talk about is, we are able to do it with less proppant. And the reason we highlight that is twofold; one, its a big cost driver. Obviously you all know, the more profiting in pump, the more cost. But two, its really indicates how we customize our development. You can see we dont have a universal number where we use 2,000 pounds per foot on every well, we vary it. And thats a function of our development strategy and our understanding on the subsurface to get really, really good wells in a customizable way. The other thing I'd point you to, Paul, one thing we put in there, because the question we keep getting asked all the time is, are results continuing to improve? And it seems like every time we show a comparison of results, they are normalized by something, or you cherry pick which wells you use, you exclude this, you include this. So we include a slide in this deck that I'll point out slide 28. So what this slide is, it shows our six-month performance for every horizontal well. We didn't cherry pick which wells that go in there, all appraisal wells, all development wells, all of our wells are in every year that you can see for 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, across Midland Basin, New Mexico, Texas, Delaware and it answers the fundamental question of are we able to continue to improve? And you can look at each year and there's reasons that vary on why we're improving. Some years, it may be more of the lateral length, some years it may be better completions. Every year is being driven by a better understanding of the subsurface. And so, there's lots of things driving it. But the fundamental question of are we continuing to improve, I think, is answered with this slide. And what makes it even more impressive is, when you dig in to the details and you look at 2018, that's with 90-plus-percent of wells that have an offset, so characterized as children wells. So the big debate on our children wells, versus some parent wells, we can have that discussion. But fundamental, you can look at for many different reasons; we continue to get better well performance every year.
Paul Sankey: Thanks, Jeff. And follow-up along the lines of clarification on slide 7. You talk about unconventional EOR commercial success in 2019. Could you talk more about that? I'm not sure what you mean there? Thank you.
Vicki Hollub: We have in the past, on done 4 CO2 injection pilots in the Midland Basin to test the efficiency and the commerciality of CO2 flooding the shale. And that's in the Midland. And what we're looking at in the Southeast New Mexico area is more of an enhanced oil recovery with using hydrocarbon gas injections, which would do two things for us. First, it would help us to maintain pressure. Secondly, it would become also somewhat miscible than the oil and would make it the same as CO2 does, make it less reluctance to flow, lower the friction and improve the ability to flow the oil from where it is to be freezed, to help in performing a full string. What we intend to do in Southeast New Mexico would be a continuous injection that would be full stream. So we're going to test that. We believe based on our models that it'll work and part of the objective there is to try to lower the decline of the Resources business and we believe that we'll successfully do that over time.
Paul Sankey: Understood Vicki. Thank you.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you.
Operator: And next we have a question from Ryan Todd of Simmons Energy. Mr. Todd, your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Sorry. Looking forward, as we think about the normalization of CapEx, you have a back door, it's kind of a $5 billion to $5.3 billion level beyond 2019. The incremental capital driven -- in that case, driven more by an acceleration of activity in the Permian Basin? Or by a resumption of activity in international regions?
Vicki Hollub: It will be both. The incremental capital in 2020 will be spread between our resources and the international areas, part of which will go to the growth areas. We do expect to start seeing -- we're going to continue growth from our base areas internationally through exploration and some of the other things that we're doing. But we'll pick that up in the new areas as we complete our appraisal programs. Now, the bulk of the growth capital is still going to go to resources in 2020, but we will send more to these  to the new areas.
Ryan Todd: And maybe on that as well, I mean, you referenced some of the base case kind of assumes $60 crude in 2020. If you were to be at $50 again in 2020, would you see a similar type of program that we see here in 2019, where you continue to kind of smear out the international investment and run a moderated program in onshore?
Vicki Hollub: It will be dependent really on where we are with respect to our cash flow. Our commitment is to stay, keep our capital programs within cash flow going forward. So if we're in a $50 of environment with what we're seeing from efficiency improvements and are increasing production in 2020. I wouldn't say that, we would be at the 4.5, it would depend on how our costs are looking now and everything else, but we would stay within cash flow.
Ryan Todd: Maybe an unrelated question, I appreciate some of the details you provided on water sourcing. Can you talk through how you see potential risk of increasing cost from water disposal going forward particularly in the Delaware Basin? And how you set up the handle water disposal over the long term?
Jeff Alvarez: So one thing  this is Jeff. So, one thing given our full cycle value focus, water infrastructure is really, really important in all of our development areas from the very beginning. So if you go look at New Mexico and how much we're recycling up there, the size of our water infrastructure in Texas, Delaware. I mean, we see  not only a risk to the business, if you don't manage it properly, but definitely a significant economic risk if you can't do it well. So one of the things we do from the very beginning of when we go to a development area is ensure we have water infrastructure in place to collect the water, recycle it where we can as much as we can, and then have numerous disposal outlets for when we're done for whatever water is left over. And so I'd say, in all of our development areas, we're very well-positioned and where there are some areas that have different have risks than others, some may be cost and just availability, some maybe permitting related to seismicity or whatever it is, we've identified and mitigated those risk in all of our development areas.
Ryan Todd: Great. And thanks, Jeff.
Operator: And the next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning. A couple questions with regards to the longer-term outlook here. In the years to come, how do you see your skill in the Permian impacting global unit operating in G&A cost? Do you see these costs falling flat or rising on a per BOE basis? And then what base case into that 2022 to cash flow plan? And then if I might add to that separately and you talked a little bit about this earlier what gives you confidence to base case production in Oman in the UAE even if it's three to four years out at the key milestones that we should be focused on between now and then?
Vicki Hollub: Firstly with respect to the G&A, the G&A on a per BOE basis will be coming down over time. So that should be the case. And that's what we've assumed in our 2022 plan. The other thing that with respect to the milestones, the milestones are listed on slide 7 and what we try to give you there is more of a roadmap of how we're going to get there and the international blocks, particularly for some information about the non-conventional EOR and when that might happen. But this is essentially of the roadmap you wanted to be able to see, so you can check what's happening as we go. With respect to what -- yeah, with respect to what the performance will be, it's going to be based on analogs. Ken pointed out something to me just recently, and that is that if you look at the four countries that are contiguous there, you look at -- we're probably the only company that has operated in all four of those countries that have this similar trend. So we have a lot of experience in this trend and we can do analogs and help us understand how to forecast what to expect. So we have a lot of good information around that. But with respect to the roadmap, Ill let Ken tell you a little bit more about that.
Ken Dillon: Thanks Vicki. If we start with the Oman in the north, the game plan is to further define the hydrocarbons in Block 30 and 51 in order that we can optimize the regional development by potentially using their existing Block 62 as a hub for facilities. On a previous call, I was asked would we spread the well in Block 30 before the end of last year. We did. It's an on trend discovery and in fact, we found a new zone that we were not expecting. We plan to drill a follow-on well this quarter on Block 51 were reprocessing the existing seismic lines and plan to be drill ready by Q3 this year, which led to look at the hub concept for Block 62. We think hub and spoke is the best and most efficient way to develop this area. In Block 72 we started shooting seismic and we hope to have useable data by Q2 2020, but we may use some fast-track data for early drilling. Again our oil targets there are similar to those we've seen in our existing Block 53 hub, again hub and spoke concept to maximize efficiencies. In Abu Dhabi we were delighted to land Block 3. The block is 90 miles long, 30 miles wide and very few wells have been drilled there since the 1970s. It's in a great location not only because of proximity of super giant fields, but also because of infrastructure for success where we can hook up the flow lines very quickly and get that oil to export very quickly. I mentioned earlier well spud a well this year. We've already mapped 162 prospects into 11 stacked reservoirs as targets and within these based on the new 3D seismic, which we think is some of the most cost efficient seismic ever obtained by anyone in the industry. So overall we try to detailed the milestones for a mine in Abu Dhabi and Colombia we're ramping up TECA, we'll drill 30 wells this year in TECA and will stream online to them this year, replacing all of long lead items for TECA, which will enable the ramp up that continue through 2020 and 2021. And as Vicki said, we're continuing to explore in our core existing assets also. So we've tried to make the roadmap something that we can update you on periodically as we get good results and I hope that answers your question.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you, yeah. So my follow-up goes back to the Permian. And you highlighted some of the areas of efficiency and productivity gains in your comments and so far in the Q&A. I think if you look at across the landscape even among larger and more scaled Permian companies for a company of your Permian Resources production base, you're planning to grow production at a rate that other E&Ps kind of spend more in capital to achieve than what you're projecting. Can you just talk to what you see as the risk around the Permian capital and production plan this year? And to what degree Aventine hub is going to be a driver of further capital efficiency or whether that's already essentially been reflected in recent CapEx results?
Jeff Alvarez: Yes, Brian, this is Jeff. I will take your question. So, I mean the rest -- we feel really good about the areas we're developing in because they are -- one, they're core development areas, we know them really well. There's not a huge appraisal component to it. There is a little bit. Again like last year when we drilled a lot of development wells, so we weren't just out drilling single wells. It fits that same old, so it's a progression of areas we feel very comfortable with technically. So, from a well performance risk, I think it's very, very low. The biggest risk I see is actually -- from a performance standpoint, we're starting to see high productivity gains and lower time-to-market, drilling faster, and things like that. So, the biggest challenge is with us is as that continues, what do we do when that pace keeps picking up. But from a cost standpoint, Aventine is up and running. So, we've realized two-thirds of the benefits from that. We feel very comfortable with that. We have our people in place. I mean one of the things we did very early on is not just wait until we have the activity to start getting all the right resources in place. So, I really feel like our program is de-risked from execution standpoint cost and performance standpoint for this year, especially at the pace we're going. Because like Vicki said running 12 rigs for us is a very moderate pace, especially compared to many others and especially compared if you go back a few years ago we are at 40. So, it's well within our bandwidth to handle this not just execution but technically.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate: Thank you, good morning everyone. Cedric I wonder if I could just get some clarification from you on slide 21. And I guess I'm also comparing it to the slide you put up specific to 2019 capital back and I think there's a confidence at the beginning of the year. So, what I'm really trying to understand here is $50 TI post-2019, you're capping your spending is that the way to think about this and above that is going back to shareholders?
Cedric Burgher: Hi Doug, good question, I appreciate the clarification. We're weren't intending to have it be precise where you move to one penny to the next and that shift gears but its indicative of our -- the way we think about it we would spend I guess two years ago when we came out with our breakeven plan which allows us to sustaining a world-class dividend and keep our production base flat at $40 oil. And what we're doing today two years later is nothing short of amazing in terms of beating those assumptions -- beating that plan we're beating it on cost. As Jeff outlined, we're beating it on productivity of our wells and so as we continue to lower our breakevens just by the way that is one of the keys to us raising our dividend at a more meaningful rates. We've continued to raise our dividend 16 consecutive years but it's been more modest since the downturn more modest rates. We'd like to go back to more aggressive rates but the key to that is lowering our breakevens and delivering more cash flow from that. So  but above $40, we are looking at reinvest first and would get to that 5% to 8% target long-term growth rate, continue modest dividend growth and then above the $50, we are looking at both balance sheet improvement as well as share repurchases and that's something we certainly demonstrated last first. So I wouldn't give you a precise $50.01. We're going to share buyback that number or dividend increase, but it is how we're thinking about it, as you get into a certainly a $60 environment which is what we're forecasting to the 2020 we think that as a logical price for the industry to balance supply and demand. That is something we would look to do as we return more capital at that point. We don't need to grow any more than that 5% to 8% long-term target.
Doug Leggate: I understand. I appreciate the clarification, because I just wasn't  I think there was an earlier question it sounded like it was different but that's very clear. Just to talk on that very quickly the $50 TI I assume you're still using a $10 differential for Brent?
Cedric Burgher: Yes.
Doug Leggate: Okay. My follow-up then is also related to the dividend. So I know you guys talked to this many times in the past, but if you're at $9 billion let's assume in a couple of year's times or let's assume oil maybe is a little bit more generous in between times. Is your first priority to reduce the dividend burden by buying back stock because on a per share basis you still get the growth of your buyback the stock? So how should we think about absolute dividend growth versus per share growth through share buybacks? I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Cedric Burgher: Great  great question. I mean, we see dividends and share buybacks as complementary. I will say our first priority is always the dividend. We prove that in the downturn. We're one of the few high-dividend paying companies that didn't cut the dividend. There's a long trail of bodies of companies that did. We're very proud of our track record in a very tough time. So our priority is and always will be the dividend. We want to  we will continue to grow it. That's our intent and we certainly want to grow it even more meaningful rates as we're able to. Can't forecast when that will be, but as we think about higher prices that's certainly like I said earlier, when we start to think about buybacks and it's complementary as you stated, because it does reduce the share count that which enables us to afford dividend growth more easily. So but certainly that $9 billion that we're forecasting in 2020 should we have a $60 environment? If you back out the midpoint of the CapEx range at that time of $5.1 billion that leaves you $3.9 billion of free cash flow. That compares to our current dividend of about $2.4 billion. So that's more than a 50% cushion on that dividend, if you will that would allow you in a $60 environment to both grow the dividend and do buyback. So I think we would be in a very good position that even a modest improvement in oil prices over that time to be in a really good position to deliver a return a lot more capital and we would do it in both dividends and buybacks, which again I think  we think of as complementary.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the full answers. Thanks Cedric.
Cedric Burgher: Yep.
Operator: And the next question comes from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan.
Philip Gresh: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in here, just starting I guess with Midstream. Could you help maybe bridge the 4Q actual results to the 1Q guidance? I know, maybe there was some items on both sides here but it just seems a little bit bigger than the normal sensitivity, I would suggesting the differentials. And then if you have an outlook on the full year for the midstream business whether it's on differentials or the pretax income, if you could share that?
Vicki Hollub: Yeah. Part of what's happening in Q1 is a Dolphin turnaround. So that's part of the difference between Q4 and the Midstream and the differential impact and Dolphin. We have some other just general marketing things that will have an impact in Q1 that we can detail out after Q1.
Philip Gresh: Okay.
Vicki Hollub: With respect to the full year, it's kind of hard to forecast the full year at this point because of the differentials and what the volatility there might be. So well see how things go over the next few months or so.
Jeff Alvarez: Hey, Phil this is Jeff and just to add to what Vicki said. I mean one thing that we wanted to update people on is to remember when the differential collapses, you see that in midstream from a negative standpoint. But the upstream now, given our oil production in the Permian, well realize more than 50% of what you lose on the midstream side. So good way to think about that. We gave that sensitivity so, as that differential collapses just for everyone to remember that more than half of the benefit will be recognized in oil and gas.
Phil Gresh: Sure. And is there a caustic price assumption that will be behind that chemicals guidance? I know that maybe early part of the year seems to be a little tougher than the back half, I'm just trying to calibrate that?
BJ Hebert: Yes Phil, this is BJ. For caustic, and obviously, we saw price erosion towards the end of 2018. Our assumption in 2019 is we're going to see some price pick up but not to the level of the erosion that we saw towards the end of the year. So we're taking a conservative approach looking forward. But we feel really good about supply and demand fundamentals long term in the caustic market. So I think it's conservative but we still felt really good about the forward years.
Cedric Burgher: Just to add one thing on. As we've certainly made a few adjustments to the 2022 cash flow outlook because we wanted to keep it current and that was one of the items that we were more conservative on caustic prices as well as sulfur which affects the midstream business. The combined effect of that is a deduct of about $150 million versus what we showed in 2022 versus what we showed you in the third quarter. We also had a deduct of a $250 million related to the lower production associated with a lower capital spend in 2019 and the less of a ramp in 2020. So that caused some confusion also last night, we didn't intend for that. We thought weve laid it out, but just to clarify. So that's $400 million combined which more than offset the $150 million pick up we have from the $5 increase in the Brent price differential versus last quarter. So just trying to bring it kind of current with current thinking, so it's not stale, but that's where we kind of move from the midpoint of the $9.25 billion last quarter to the $9.0 billion this quarter.
Phil Gresh: That's really helpful. Thanks Cedric. Last question for Vicki, you just made a comment in your prepared remarks about 20% base decline rate and that it was higher than in the past. So I just wanted to understand that comment a little bit more, what would you have said it was in the past? And I guess just because Permian's only one-third of the production at this point, so it's a little bit high to me, but just any additional detail behind that would be helpful? Thank you.
Vicki Hollub: In the past we were traditionally running at a little bit less than 10%. And so the increase in the Permian has gotten us to -- will have us by the end of this year to around 20%. But it's important to think about the strength of our chemicals business in this sort of environment is that, when you think about our overall cash flow decline that's really only about 15%. So the 20% decline in the oil and gas business is not alarming, although the international assets as we develop those that will somewhat mitigate that decline.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Philip Jungwirth of BMO Capital Market.
Philip Jungwirth: Thanks good morning. I was just hoping you can give a little more color around the 6% international production CAGR key drivers and then really just the progression of that growth over the next couple years because when we look at the 2019 guidance it looks like you're budgeting around $800 million of CapEx flat year-on-year production. So, how is that -- really either capital efficiency improved? Or is it more value increasing than the level of investment?
Ken Dillon: It's Ken here. As I mentioned earlier in terms of capital efficiency, our drilling performances improved beyond measure over the last few years. So we're able to drill many more wells now than we could say three or four years ago. In terms of the roadmap on slide seven, we basically have a large portfolio in our opportunities going forward. We have milestones associated with Colombia, the TECA development and new blocks. If you look at it, it spades through year by year, each of these plans will be optimized over time, so that we can maximize the returns of every one of these streams. So we feel comfortable in reaching the 6% with the portfolio that we show here. We haven't talked about Al Hosn debottlenecking, we see opportunities there and we see great well performance and also a new geological and petrophysical model, so that we have additional gas there to enable that to be -- probably be debottlenecked.
Phillip Jungwirth: Okay. And then on slide 6, where you lay out the facility investment at 24% of the 2019 program, I was wondering if you could just isolate that to the Permian Resources as a percent of the $2.6 billion capital budget, and then also how that would trend over time? And maybe provide some color around just operating cost benefits around that facilities investment?
Jeff Alvarez: Sure, Phil, this is Jeff. So for 2019 it's around 21% facilities and Ill carry that when we do our OBO, we exclude that but they also have a facilities component to it. So if you're looking at it from a peer standpoint youd probably want that in. But of the $2.6 billion, it's about 21% as facilities and you brought up one of the most important thing, not just from a productivity standpoint, but that really helps drive full cycle cost, which shows up in operating cost. So when you look at our operating cost, us able to get down into the mid to low-sixes is really where you see the benefits of that. He also see it from a productivity standpoint it's harder to measure just from an uptime standpoint and ability to handle the production reliability it shows up there as well. So from a long-term standpoint, we look at most of our field development plans, we expect to get on average below 10%. So if you go and look at our more mature areas like in the Midland Basin where we have infrastructure developed and you look at the new developments there we're below 10%. So we expect to get there in the not too distant future from a total facility spend.
Phillip Jungwirth: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng of Barclays.
Paul Cheng: Hi, guys. Just couple quick question. On the breakeven you're talking about the 24% on average per year growth in the Permian Resource. But can you give the number for 2020 to 2022 what is your rig count per well, productivity improvement that you assume comparing to 2018 or 2019? And also what is it the CapEx assumption as well as the base decline curve?
Cedric Burgher: Sure. So, Paul, what we said last year, so 24% CAGR, four-year CAGR. This year it will be 30% to 35%. So obviously, that number is coming down as the base grows. And so the way I think about it, when we originally rolled that out, we said capital would be roughly flat with where we were last year, which was around $2.8 billion. And so, what's going on when you do that it goes back to question Phil asked is, you actually -- we're running say 12 or 13 rigs at that pace. But as you spend less on facilities, you're able to dedicate more of that capital and to drilling wells. So just easy math, these aren't exact numbers because we'll factor in with working interest and other things, but facilities goes from 20% to less than 10%, that could add a couple operated rigs to better generating production growth, instead of being spent on facilities.
Paul Cheng: So you're basically looking about 14, 15 rigs. And in the base assumption what kind of productivity improvement on the well production?
Cedric Burgher: Yes. That's a great question. So, hopefully, you've heard, with our long-term forecast, we always want to make sure we can deliver our long-term forecast. So when it comes to productivity improvements, we've assumed almost zero. I think we've had like 1% in some areas for productivity improvements. When I just reference the slide that shows is 25% improvements in the last year, 20% improvement in the year before that and so on. So we've been really conservative with productivity improvements and how we've built that into the plan. So it's almost zero. But we had some areas that were new from an appraisal standpoint, so they have some uptick in them. But it's small on a global scale.
Paul Cheng: And just a clarification, Jeff, you earlier had mentioned in your prepared remarks saying that in five years time that this will be over 600,000 barrel per day. Are you talking just the Permian Resource or Permian Resources plus EOR?
Cedric Burgher: Yes. That's just Permian Resources.
Paul Cheng: Just Permian Resources. Okay.
Cedric Burgher: Correct. So that excludes EOR, obviously.
Paul Cheng: A final question that, I think, Vicki was talking about, you guys have done a number of pilot on the CO2 as well as using the other hydrocarbon. Have you so far seen any distinct pattern, certain type of activities like of the reservoir will be better respond to a certain -- to CO2 flooding and the other one? And is there anything that you can share? And how wide spread is that application could be?
Cedric Burgher: Yes. I mean, nothing meaningfully that we can share, but you're right. I mean, different reservoir characteristics will be more conducive to hydrocarbon gas versus CO2. And I'd say, you can look at, in a conventional world, many of the same principles will apply with miscibility, depth, pressures, temperature, all of those things. And so, as Vicki said, we're really comfortable now from a technical standpoint that we know with the EOR, hydrocarbon gas and CO2 through the different reservoirs, we can get more oil. And actually is better technically than what we thought. The real challenge is, from a commerciality standpoint what do patterns look like, how do you design them and how do you handle the gas processing, all of those things, that's where the real challenge lies and that's why we're focused on proving up that commerciality. But you will see differentiation based on reservoir characteristics, not that different than what you see in the conventional reservoirs.
Paul Cheng: And when you guys will be in a position that you maybe share more of the data?
Cedric Burgher: I would expect late this year, we'll share more of that.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Cedric Burgher: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: And the next question comes from John Herrlin with John Herrlin with Societe Generale.
John Herrlin: Yes, hi thank you. With respect to your CapEx budget, what kind of labor or oilfield services inflection cost are you baking in for this year?
Vicki Hollub: We're baking at about 4%. 4% is domestically but internationally, we're not seeing the kind of inflation that we're seeing domestically.
Ken Dillon: Internationally we're seeing the last 16 contracts we've bid; we've seen 4.1% deflation. And if we focus only on the sort of major suppliers what we're seeing is a 16% reduction internationally.
John Herrlin: Good. My next question is regarding international policy, you had some good growth in Colombia and also me in it, was that all drilling-program elevated?
Cedric Burgher: I think a combination of drilling also some of the reservoir characterization work we're seeing and overall, it's just a really good performance. I don't see anything one individual thing it's just a collective individual activities across the whole international.
John Herrlin: Okay and the last one for me is on the Permian Resources. Earlier it was mentioned that you haven't had sort of the parent-child relationship that some of your peers have. Have you changed your spacing design balance in your core areas? Or is it very petrophysically specific.
Cedric Burgher: Yes. I think it's very petro-physically specific. So, if you look at our core areas, they may vary from three well spacing to six or seven as where they are. And the numbers that we give in or less than 50 inventory we average about 4.7. So, I'd say significantly lower than many others. But again we're getting really, really good performance. So, that comes out there. But that's one of the variables that we continually update and modify and I think we mentioned an example in Texas Delaware where now we're doing more of a Chevron design in developing kind of two benches almost together and the implications of that are really good well performance and you are able to remove a well and get better performance when you combine those two together. So, it's one of the variables we turn all the time, but I would say when you mentioned the parent-child, we're not unique. That relationship exists. I would say we've just figured out how to manage it optimally from a net present value standpoint and not just try to drive up inventory.
John Herrlin: Great. Thank you.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you.
Operator: And next we have a question from Leo Mariani of KeyBanc.
Leo Mariani: Hey, guys. I just wanted to touch quickly on the EOR business. Obviously, you guys have put some longer term growth rates between 2018 to 2022 for Permian Resources and international. Just want to get a sense of how is that EOR business play out that outlook? Is it more flattish with cost reductions? Or how do you think about that production stream?
Jeff Alvarez: It has very minimal growth. It's on the order of 1% CAGR over that time period. So we continue -- as we show we have tons of inventory for further EOR projects, so we continue to prosecute that. But we need more inject and other things. So its CAGR is around 1%.
Cedric Burgher: The one thing I'd add to that is if you had noticed when created the Low Carbon Ventures group last year, we've got some milestones listed in that area too. It's not reflected in the 2022 outlook but it is certainly an area that we like to make great progress and develop. And as Jeff mentioned we have a lot of running room to grow in terms of EOR projects if you could just get more CO2. It's kind of the irony in today's world where most people want to eliminate CO2 emissions and we just can't get enough CO2 commercially to our locations. And it's an area we're focused on.
Vicki Hollub: Yeah, the bottom line is that that's another potential upside for our 2022 plan.
Leo Mariani: Okay. And just shifting gears over the new block you guys picked up in UAE there. You certainly talked about a plethora of prospects over there. Presumably is most of the activity going to be focused on oil over the next couple of years, obviously, you're neighboring out holes and block there is more gassy, can you just give us any color on what you're targeting?
Ken Dillon: Yeah, it's mainly oil were targeting as I mentioned earlier between the super giant fields in Abu Dhabi and the prolific fields in Oman, were focused mainly on oil.
Leo Mariani: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks.
Vicki Hollub: I want to thank you all for your questions and have a good day. Thanks. Bye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-06 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's third quarter 2018 conference call. On the call with us today are: Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ken Dillon, President, International Oil and Gas Operations; and B.J. Hebert, President of OxyChem. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements, as more fully described in our cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements on slide 2. Our earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules and our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations, and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Today I'd like to begin by highlighting the results we've achieved over the last 12 months, during which our focus on value growth and our high-quality assets delivered a cash return on capital employed of 26%. Combined with a double-digit return on capital employed over the same period, we have clearly demonstrated our ability to deliver industry-leading returns and have aligned our executive compensation to this principle. Our integrated business model provides us with numerous opportunities in which to invest and grow free cash flow in a sustainable manner well into the future. We remain disciplined and will continue to allocate capital to investments that generate the highest returns for our shareholders. This approach enabled us to deliver $3.3 billion of cash to shareholders over the last year through a combination of our dividend and share repurchases while also growing production by 14%. This morning, Cedric will walk you through our financial results and updated guidance. Jeff will detail the sustainable and value-creating improvements we continue to create in the Permian. And prior to leading our Investor Relations, I just wanted to let you know that Jeff served as President and General Manager for two of our Resources business units, Texas Delaware and Midland Basin. He also has significant prior experience in our Enhanced Oil Recovery businesses. After Jeff, Ken will provide an update on operations and opportunities in our international businesses. Before covering our third quarter highlights, I would like to mention an organizational update and congratulate Jeff Bennett and Barbara Bergesen. They have recently taken on heightened roles within our Domestic Oil and Gas business. Jeff is leading our three Permian business units in the Midland Basin, Texas Delaware, and Southeast New Mexico. And Barb is leading our Permian Enhanced Oil Recovery business. I'd also like to congratulate Richard Jackson in his new role, which includes leading our new Low Carbon Ventures team along with our Permian competitor analysis, land, and regulatory teams. The Low Carbon Ventures team will work across all of our businesses. These changes will enable us to focus more intensely on the Permian and to develop unique corporate strategies that address the key challenges facing our industry. As noted on slide 5, we delivered an exceptional quarter both financially and operationally. Our operating cash flow of $2.6 billion exceeded capital and dividends by $700 million. And during the third quarter, we returned $1.5 billion to our shareholders. Our earnings per share of $1.77 is the highest quarterly EPS we have achieved since the second quarter of 2014, when the average WTI oil price was over $100. All of our business segments exceeded key performance targets through production growth in the most profitable areas, lower unit cost, and better price realizations. In Permian Resources, we brought our best well to date online in the Greater Sand Dunes area. And in Barilla Draw, we brought online the best Texas Permian well to date for the industry. These achievements were made possible through the investments we've made in our people and the advances they have achieved in subsurface modeling and characterization. In Oman, we have three new blocks that will provide us long-term, short-cycle, lower-decline growth opportunities. Ken will provide additional information on these later in the presentation. Our Chemicals segment produced another record quarter of earnings as a result of our integrated business model, which allows us to take full advantage of favorable market conditions. Our Midstream and Marketing business continues to deliver high realizations from our advantaged Permian takeaway position. And as expected, we closed on the previously announced $2.6 billion Midstream transactions. Our priority continues to be the allocation of free cash flow towards investments that generate the highest returns, along with returning cash to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchases. This includes investing in high-return assets across our integrated businesses. With the additional three blocks in Oman and new opportunities in Colombia, we now have an even larger inventory of short-cycle high-return long-term growth options in our Oil & Gas business. OXY approaches each opportunity we consider with a disciplined focus on returns. Every project must create value for our shareholders, period. This is one of our core principles. Our priority now is to replace the cash flow from ISND [Idd El-Sharghi North Dome], and we're confident we'll do so in 2020, both from our ongoing development program and reallocation of capital from the North Dome. We will invest in our highest-return projects, with Permian Resources serving as a returns benchmark. Slide 6 shows the depth of opportunities across our portfolio from which we grow our high-return cash flow. Our integrated business provides domestic and international, conventional and unconventional opportunities from which to grow value from our oil and gas production. And our Chemicals segment also has opportunities to grow cash flow. As we communicated our plan for 2019, we'll provide further details of our capital allocation. Looking past next year, we will continue to focus on our highest-return opportunities and expect to increase cash flow to between $9 billion and $9.5 billion by 2022, as shown on slide 7. This level of cash flow is achievable through investments in short-cycle high-return projects and is sustainable with an annual capital investment of $5 billion to $5.3 billion in a $60 price environment. We will deliver higher rates of production growth in 2018 and 2019 to replace the cash flow from ISND in 2020 and to return to higher dividend growth, but our long-term production growth target remains at 5% to 8%-plus. Before I turn the call over to Cedric, I want to talk about what discipline means to OXY. We have honored our commitment to shareholders by returning capital and will continue to do so. We're one of only a few companies in our sector that did not cut our dividend in the downturn or dilute our shareholders. We continue to increase our dividend and plan to return to more meaningful growth in the future, which is one of the key reasons we're investing in our highest-return assets, so that we can increase cash flow and return more cash flow to shareholders. As shown on slide 8, we have increased our dividend each year since 2002 and repurchased a significant number of shares in a higher oil price environment. Also, since 2006, we have returned a total of $31 billion, or over half of our current market cap, to shareholders. Returning capital to shareholders via our dividend and share repurchases is not new to us and will continue to be a key part of the value we provide. I'll now hand the call over to Cedric.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks, Vicki. As Vicki highlighted, we are pleased to have continued repurchasing shares, allowing us to return $1.5 billion of cash to shareholders during the quarter. On slide 10, I'd like to start with our earnings, which improved across all segments, with our third quarter reported earnings per share at $2.44 and core EPS at $1.77 per diluted share. The main difference between reported and core income is the gain on sale of our non-core domestic Midstream assets, which resulted in an after-tax gain of approximately $700 million. Improvements in the Oil & Gas segment income were mainly attributed to higher Permian Resources production and Middle East oil sales volumes. Third quarter realized oil prices were approximately flat compared to the second quarter. Total reported production for the third quarter was 681,000 BOEs a day, coming in above the midpoint of our guidance. This was driven by strong execution and well productivity in Permian Resources, which came in at the top end of the guidance range at 225,000 BOEs per day, representing a year-over-year increase of over 60%. Total international production came in at 297,000 BOEs a day, which is at the midpoint of our guidance. The increase in international production from the second quarter reflected the first full quarter following the successful debottlenecking and expansion of capacity at Al Hosn. The Chemicals segment had another quarter of record earnings. Chemical pre-tax income for the third quarter was $321 million, which came in above guidance of $315 million. Compared to the second quarter of 2018 earnings of $317 million, third quarter earnings were relatively flat, as vinyl margins came under pressure from higher ethylene costs, resulting in increased ethane costs. Export caustic soda demand helped offset the decline in vinyl margins. Midstream core earnings of $796 million reflected improved marketing margins due to an increase in the Midland to MEH differential from $7.86 to $16.67 quarter over quarter and exceeded the high end of our guidance due to the marketed market improvements, stronger gas processing results driven by higher NGL prices, and one-off items from the Midstream transaction that closed in the quarter. Third quarter revenue and cost of sales were both grossed up by $327 million due to the accounting related to certain Midstream contracts where we've used our excess takeaway capacity by purchasing and reselling third-party barrels. The second quarter gross-up amount was $85 million. Operating cash flow before working capital improved to nearly $2.6 billion, as all of our segments continued to outperform cash flow expectations, representing year-on-year growth of 136%. We spent $1.3 billion in capital during the quarter, and our total year capital budget remains at $5 billion. Starting in 2019, we will begin to redeploy approximately $200 million of capital per year that would have been invested in Qatar. Slide 11 details our updated guidance, which we have narrowed for the full year. We expect total production for 2018 to be 655,000 to 659,000 BOEs per day and Permian Resources production to be 211,000 to 213,000 BOEs per day. The midpoint of this range equates to an exit-to-exit Permian Resources production growth rate of 54% from Q4 2017 to Q4 2018. We have also narrowed our international production guidance range to 286,000 to 287,000 BOEs per day and assuming a $75 per barrel Brent pricing for the remainder of the year. In Midstream, we expect the fourth quarter to generate pre-tax income between $450 million and $550 million, assuming a Midland-to-MEH spread of $13 to $15. In our Chemical business, we anticipate fourth quarter pre-tax earnings of $220 million and are raising the full-year guidance to $1.155 billion based on the strong results delivered year to date. To close, we are very pleased with our performance so far this year, including the continuation and expansion of our share repurchase program. As we have shown, our focus is on returns, and our Permian operations set a very high bar for our company and, frankly, for the industry. We have a pipeline of projects across our integrated business that meet our hurdle rates and that have long-term potential. We continue to have the discipline to hold to these principles and occasionally take tough decisions. We believe this is what it takes to lead with respect to capital stewardship. We have aligned compensation in this regard, and we continue to demonstrate our long-time commitment to returns-driven reinvestment, a robust dividend, and share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Cedric. Our Permian teams have delivered another great quarter by continuing to find innovative ways to improve and increase the value of our assets, and I'm excited to share these results with you today. Production for the quarter was outstanding, with Permian Resources exceeding the midpoint of production guidance by 5,000 BOEs per day. Continued improvements in well results along with great execution of our operational plan is resulting in high-value production growth. Permian Resources production guidance has now increased by 10,000 BOEs per day from the initial guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. These high-margin barrels have generated additional cash and added significant value to the returns of the underlying assets. Looking at our highlights on slide 13, we continued investments in the appraisal program to delineate our acreage and optimize development plans. In Greater Barilla Draw, we integrated the results of our Hoban appraisal efforts into our field development plans and expect to be more active in this bench in 2019. We also drilled two Avalon appraisal wells in Greater Sand Dunes that each averaged approximately 2,700 BOEs per day over 30 days. Our appraisal program continues to provide us confidence that Permian Resources will generate returns and sustainable cash flow growth for many years to come. As Vicki mentioned earlier, the third quarter was another record-breaking quarter for well results in both of our core development areas. We brought online our best Permian Basin well ever. The Corral Fly 21H in Greater Sand Dunes peaked at over 8,900 BOEs per day, with an average over 6,700 BOEs per day for 30 days. We also broke the industry record for the best well in the Texas Permian Basin with a Greater Barilla Draw well, the Peck 11H, which peaked at over 6,500 BOEs per day and averaged 4,900 BOEs per day over 30 days, a 30% increase over the prior record well for this area that we shared with you last quarter. These repeatable record-breaking results are a testament to our subsurface capability, value-based development approach, and leading acreage position. While we are excited about these results and the associated returns, we believe there is still more to come as we continue to progress our subsurface characterization work and apply innovative technologies to our development plans. In addition to the productivity improvements, we lowered our field operating cost in Permian Resources to an all-time low of $7.03 per BOE in the quarter and expect to exit the year at less than $6 per BOE. Returns in Permian EOR are also improving. We continue to demonstrate our unique ability to maximize recovery of the reservoir by capturing oil that would otherwise not be recoverable. As the largest EOR operator in the Permian, we continue to implement new CO2 expansions across our portfolio. We initiated initial development of the residual oil zone at the Seminole-San Andres unit, which is providing encouraging results that will further enhance the returns from this asset. Our expertise and position in enhanced oil recovery differentiates OXY. We plan to leverage this core capability to generate enhanced returns in many areas of our business. I'll close on slide 14 by summarizing our returns-focused investment approach and the resulting production growth. While the industry has been confronted with many challenges in the Permian this year, our Permian Resources business is delivering its best year ever due to our returns-focused approach. We have delivered 52% of the top Permian wells over the last 12 months, while only drilling less than 5% of the total Permian wells over that time period. Our Midstream business is providing flow assurance and exposure to the best pricing through our marketing arrangements, and we are protecting our development program from inflation and execution disruptions through our maintenance and logistics hub. Our inventory continues to improve as we advance and execute our development strategy, which provides us with sustainable high-return investment options for the future. We expect Permian Resources to grow at over 35% next year, which is an outcome of our disciplined approach and the high-return investments that our assets provide. I will now turn the call over to Ken to discuss International.
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying how honored we are today to be able to announce three new blocks in Oman, which I will discuss in more detail in a minute. Overall, we had an excellent quarter from a financial and operational standpoint with world-class HES performance. Our International Upstream business is on target to realize $1.4 billion of free cash flow for 2018. In the third quarter, we produced 297,000 BOE per day. We expect this high level of performance to continue as we deliver strong return projects for OXY and our partners. The plan we outlined for 2018 is progressing well. Our innovative debottlenecking at Al Hosn has increased production by 11% to a peak rate of 83,000 BOE per day net. This is one example of how we create value and enhanced returns for our existing assets, as we executed the debottlenecking for only $10 million. The TECA Steamflood project was sanctioned this month with our partner Ecopetrol. We will begin ramping up production in 2020 and reach a gross rate of 30,000 BOE per day in 2025. We are starting to identify additional areas of high potential in the field, which we can develop at attractive returns for both parties. With our disciplined approach to major projects, the TECA Steamflood exceeds our hurdle rate with a breakeven price under $40 WTI. This is just one example of how our assets in Colombia will continue to generate long-term cash flow growth. Internationally, our step-out drilling programs are on track to add approximately 20 million barrels of resources this year at low finding costs. This is in addition to the 50 million barrels of resources added last year. Overall, since 2014, using OXY drilling dynamics and working with our suppliers, we have improved our drilling performance by 17% and reduced costs by 30%. Moving now to Oman, we as the Cities Service drilled the very first exploration wells in Oman in 1955 and made the first discovery in 1957. In 2017 we produced our 1 billionth barrel of oil in Oman, with two-thirds of that production coming in the last 10 years. We're excited today to announce three new blocks in Oman, which will more than double our land position to approximately 6 million acres and fit perfectly with our expertise in generating returns from water flood and EOR development. As you can see from the maps on slide 18 (sic) [17], in Northern Oman our acreage will stretch over 225 contiguous miles, allowing us to leverage existing infrastructure as we explore, appraise, and develop Blocks 65 and 51. Block 72 greatly expands our acreage position in central Oman, where we see opportunities to expand upon the success of our Mukhaizna development next door. In our existing blocks, as shown on slide 19 (sic) [18], with the use of OXY subsurface reservoir characterization workflows, we've helped redefine the stratigraphy. This has enabled us over a short period of time to move from five productive horizons to 17 producing and appraisal horizons. We will apply the same disciplined approach to the new blocks. We will shift 3D seismic and invest in targeted appraisal programs. Capital for next year will be modest as we acquire data and optimize future development profiles. These blocks have significant potential, especially when combined with our excellent Omani staff, exceptional partners, and inspirational leadership in the country. We expect our proven track record of value-based development and rapid time to market to continue. In closing, I'd like to say that our regional subsurface experience is now being fully leveraged. We believe that in the long term when combined with our approach to operational excellence and value creation, it will bring future potential opportunities. I will now turn the call back to Vicki. Thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Ken. Before we move to the Q&A, I'd like to reiterate OXY's sustainable value proposition, through which we'll continue to deliver industry-leading returns. Our integrated business model enables us to take advantage of opportunities across the value chain and generate high returns in the Permian and internationally, while benefiting from the stable cash flows generated from our Midstream and Chemicals segments. We will continue to invest in our human capital and empower our employees with the culture and facilities, innovation and excellence. This is what their exceptional performance has enabled us to accomplish over the last couple of years. We've more than exceeded our targets, in addition to delivering the best wells in the Permian, our experience in operating wells beyond the initial development and through their entire life cycle, including enhanced recovery, that's second to none. Our Low Carbon Ventures business is making advances toward capturing and sequestering anthropogenic CO2, which will reduce carbon emissions while enhancing the economic development of our reserves. OXY is uniquely positioned to realize cost efficiencies, not only in developing and operating wells, but also through our capability to deliver our products to market at maximized realized prices. We remain committed to developing our resources in a sustainable manner while spending within cash flow. Last quarter we achieved our breakeven plan, meaning we will be cash flow neutral and pay our dividend at $40 WTI. And at $50 WTI, we can pay our dividend and grow production by 5% to 8%-plus. This plan remains in place. Our relentless focus remains on allocating free cash flow to investments with the highest returns across our integrated business and returning capital to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchases. Since resuming our share repurchases program this year, we will have returned over $5 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases by the end of 2019. Lastly, across our businesses, we continue to focus on creating long-term value through industry-leading technical work, life cycle planning, and operations focused on maximizing margins. We'll now open it up for your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question will come from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, everybody. Excuse me, I wasn't expecting to be first. I apologize. Guys, I've got two questions, if I may. My first one is actually on the Middle East. Obviously, I understand the comment about reallocating capital from Shah  I'm sorry  from Qatar, but my question is really around Shah Al Hosn. About a year or so ago, the government had talked about a project pre-FEED for something like a 50% expansion of that development. I understand you've done the debottlenecking project, but the secondary piece of that appears to have gone somewhat quiet. And I'm just wondering if you can give us an update as to where that stands, please?
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Good morning, Doug. It's Ken. We've successfully debottlenecked the plant. We continue to look for ways to tweak the plant overall. But at the moment, there are no full-scale debottlenecking plans in the near future. We will continue to work all different aspects of the project, but at the moment there's no commitment.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We're really happy with being able to expand it from 1 BCF to 1.3 BCF a day with only a $10 million investment. So with that accomplishment, that put the other project a bit on hold.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, I understand. Thank you for that. My follow-up is if I could turn it back to the Permian, and I don't know who wants to take this one. But with Jeff moving to take over I guess the other regions, it begs the question what assumptions lie behind your 35% in fact longer-term growth profile. And to be clear, what I'm asking is Red Tank is obviously in a much, I guess, more over-pressured area. The transition of some of the things you've done in Eddy and Lea going over to Midland and I guess Southern Reeves, what does all this mean for the assumptions that were embedded in your growth? Are you using 2018 productivity? Are you using data productivity? I'm just trying to understand what the well trajectory looks like that's embedded in your forecast? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Doug, this is Jeff. I think when you look to next year, we've built in some of our recent performance. Definitely the improvement in performance we've seen in New Mexico starting in 2017 into 2018, we've built that in. We've talked about before, where we tend to be a little conservative is just additional improvements that are going to come in the future. We definitely expect to see additional improvements across our development areas. You can see that through not just New Mexico but what we've done in Greater Barilla Draw and beyond that. So the teams continue to work the subsurface methodology, which is the foundation of all the improvements we're making, so we expect those improvements to continue. But when you look at next year and the 35-plus percent growth that we've given out, we have built in many of those improvements that we're currently aware of. Where we are a little conservative is the things we just haven't figured out but we expect to when we get to that point.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just to be clear, is that trajectory on a flat rig count, or is there a rig count trajectory you can give us that goes along with that 2022 outlook?
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: It's a flat rig count.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great stuff. Thanks so much, everybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you, good morning. Can you talk more to the specific drivers of getting Permian Resources operating cash cost down below $6 per BOE in the fourth quarter from slightly above $7 in the third quarter, especially as that would be an acceleration in cost reduction relative to what we saw in Q3 versus Q2?
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Brian, this is Jeff, and I appreciate the question. So the big drivers of that, there are two components. Obviously, cost per BOE, there's the cost side. And so if you look at the details, you can see things like our downhole maintenance, the things we're doing from an artificial lift standpoint to finding effective artificial lift systems for very high-rate horizontal wells. We're seeing our downhole maintenance cost come down because we're getting much better at finding the right lift systems. And then when things do fail, which they do from artificial lift, getting them fixed cheaper and faster. So that's one area. If you look at what we're doing on the water recycling side, the chemicals side, getting trucks off the road, infrastructure in place, so all the things that we do from our initial developments to where we start planning, how do we need to operate these fields, start to translate into the cost side. The second part of that component is obviously the barrels. We're making a lot more barrels. We're making a lot more lower-cost barrels. So when you look at the cost per BOE of these new barrels we're bringing on, the high-rate unconventional barrels, they're much lower than the legacy barrels, so that helps drive that cost down as well. And Vicki mentioned it, but that's one area we're very excited about. As the unconventional business matures, that's one area where we think based on what we've done in our EOR business and the core capabilities we've built, we'll be able to use that and further differentiate ourselves when it comes to getting margin, by not just good development cost but excellent operating cost, and I think this is a testament to that.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thank you. And then my follow-up is with regards to the allocation of free cash flow. You've highlighted the case for free cash flow well in excess of dividends out to 2022. And when you think about the needs for allocation, what if any is needed to advance the portfolio, either from new projects or via M&A versus what you see as returnable to shareholders? And then tangentially, Cedric mentioned $200 million that would have been invested in Qatar is going to be redeployed. Can you just talk more to where that's going, or maybe that was the point that you were making with regards to Colombia and Oman?
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Brian, this is Cedric. A whole lot there in the question, but it's a good question. It's at the heart of what we're trying to do, which is to allocate capital to the very, very best places. As you know, we have a long history of a fairly diverse approach, which we are continuing today between dividends, buybacks, and reinvestment. M&A also is something that has certainly been a part of OXY's DNA and continues, and we look at opportunities there. So our organic plan is very strong, and that's really what we've touched on here so far on the call. But we've got lots of opportunities, and Ken touched on it. Internationally, you see what we're doing with EOR and our Low Carbon Ventures. And of course, the Permian is fantastic and even getting better each quarter. But that's how we're going to approach it. It's consistent with what we've been doing. But we'll just continue to look for the very best places to put the money and make those decisions as we go each year. We do look forward to growing the dividend at a faster rate and buying more shares, but it will be opportunistic in those cases.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: And I'll just add to that. We've shown before that up to $50 we can actually grow 5% to 8%. So when we lean from $50 to $60, we have the opportunity to continue to either grow or use funds to buy back shares or to increase our dividend. And over time, the reason for the accelerated growth, what some consider accelerated growth, early is to try to put ourselves in a position with respect to cash flow that we can grow the dividend more meaningfully. But I will say that the international projects that we've just picked up in Oman are very good. The seismic analysis and the interpretation is showing good prospects. That's why Ken showed the stratigraph of the horizons that we had to choose from. This is stacked pay and it's quality stacked pay. So I'm really excited in that Oman provides us so many more opportunities now. And I feel a lot better today than I've ever felt about where we are with respect to the organic growth prospects and the ability to grow the cash flow. That's why we wanted to provide you the numbers for 2022. We're very confident in being able to achieve that with the assets that we have and hopefully continue to advance technology to improve upon that. But it's certain that we have  I think we're in a better position today than we've ever been. I'm excited about it. It's certainly taken a lot of pressure really off of our ability to continue to fund and develop and even improve projects within our portfolio.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Good morning, everyone. Vicki, you provided an illustration here of the company at $60 through 2022. It feels like you're planning at $50, and this is an upside illustration of the kind of cash flows you'd generate. In that regard, I was wondering. The dividend growth in the past you've talked about in line with production growth, I think. Can you illustrate or indicate to us what kind of dividend growth you'd be aspiring to? Do I assume that you would grow the dividend assuming $50 and do the rest as buyback? Thanks.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: The way we're trying to model this, and it's a little bit difficult to explain, but this $40 cash neutrality is really the point that we want to maintain into the future. What that means is as we continue to grow our cash flow, our cash flow neutrality price actually will go down. As it goes down, we intend to grow the dividend accordingly so that we maintain the $40 cash flow neutrality. So that's what we're trying to come back to. That's why our model really shows that above $60 that providing cash back to the shareholders through buybacks is an option that for us will continue to be a part of our proposition. We don't want to increase the dividend so significantly that we put ourselves way above that cash flow neutrality, so we're targeting to keep that in place over time. And growing the cash flow to what we proposed in 2022 will enable us to grow the dividend more meaningfully than we've done in the past few years.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Yes, so if we would triangulate that, would we be looking for something around a 5% dividend increase annually at a $50 assumption?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Potentially. But again, it depends on the cash flow. When you model that out and you see what your free cash flow is from that model, that free cash flow is something that we would be able to sustain beyond 2022, so that would be what we would then allocate to dividend growth over that time period.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Got it. And can you just remind us? It's a separate subject with my final question. On risks such as we saw with Qatar in the past quarter, which I understand you couldn't pre-warn about insofar as you were still in negotiation, can you just highlight anything else that is in that realm of a potential shift that could happen over the period through 2022 in terms of PSCs and other contracts? Thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: No, we don't have anything that would be expiring in terms of PSCs. Everything else we have is long term. The nearest term one that we would have would be ISSD, which is South Dome in Qatar. That expires in 2022, but that's very low production and that's really not even material to us. But everything else we're in good shape about. That's why I made the comment I really feel good about where we are. Qatar was ISND. We worked hard to get that and to extend that. But we're actually  this has turned into a win-win for us in that we've been able now to pick up in Oman those three projects, which are onshore, lower cost, and they're right next to the bolt-ons, so they're right next to what we know we have in the blocks that we have today. And with what we see on the seismic, we feel really good about that potential. So we went from a mature asset and higher cost to lower cost new field development, but near infrastructure. So, we're in a really good situation today.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Great, thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leo Mariani of National Alliance Securities. Please go ahead.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Hi, guys. I wanted to explore a little bit further on Oman here. Obviously, you guys had some interesting prepared remarks on it. You certainly talked about some enhanced recoveries and some EOR opportunities. But I'm just trying to get a high-level sense here. Is there already production on some of these blocks? Are there some maybe lower-producing mature fields, or is this more of a rank exploration play in certain areas? Maybe you can just try to better characterize this a little bit just to get a sense of the risk profile of the opportunity here.
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Hi, Leo. It's Ken. If you look at the blocks individually, Block 65 is very close to our Block 27, so we see that as step-out wells for formations that we're used to dealing with. If you look at Block 72, it's beside Block 53 with the giant Mukhaizna field. We're also seeing recent discoveries with our step-out wells in Block 53 with a Buah trend running north. There are also blocks in the north, further north in Block 72 that have a Buah trend running south. The 2D seismic lines that we've seen over Block 72 look really, really appealing, and we've got the areas divided into clusters running north. Cluster 1, we plan on drilling a well late this year, and we'll start 3D seismic as quickly as possible, so we can get a crew next year. Low dollars in terms of capital, but we see really, really high potential in these blocks. And then if you look at the stratigraphy, we've done some recent seismic work in one of our existing blocks, where it looked like we saw something, so we put some pails very cheaply on development wells, a few hundred thousand dollars, and we've now got a 1,000 barrel a day well producing in a zone that has not been produced in Oman before. The question is how do we calibrate that, and does it run everywhere? And what we've got there is essentially a zone that's got 25 penetrations in an area the size of the Delaware Basin. So we see real opportunities with our step-out program, and we see real opportunities because of the proximity to existing facilities. We can get stuff on really, really quickly. And great familiarity with our Omani staff there, and our partners are really committed to these projects too. So we see holistically huge opportunities here for us.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: All right, that's very helpful color. Just switching gears a little bit to the Permian Basin, a bit of a high-level characterization I was looking for here. But I guess you guys just continue to make better and better wells here in the Permian. It's just very impressive results again here this quarter, more record wells. I'm just trying to get a sense. You certainly mentioned that there could be further improvements down the road. Where do you guys think you sit if I was to use a baseball analogy? Is this the fourth or fifth inning? Are we more towards the later innings of improvement? I was just trying to get a high-level perspective.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Hey, Leo. This is Jeff. That's a good question and one we continually ask ourselves, especially the leaders of these businesses, because we always think these great results, they've got to stop at some point. But the thing I'll take you back to, you almost have to go back. Vicki initiated this transformation probably four years ago. So if you look at where we've come over the last four years, it's truly amazing. Inside the company, we really saw us turn the corner a couple years ago, but then now I think over the last couple quarters you're seeing that more externally. And the thing I'd tell you is while the foundation is built in subsurface technical excellence, which was always the primary building block for what we're doing, there are many other elements that allow us to take subsurface technical excellence and turn that into economic value and sustainable returns: things like the long-term development planning, what we've done with Aventine; things like data analytics, which we're finding new improvements every day; things like developing the culture and the human capital to really be successful in a business like this. We continue to see improvements in all those areas. So the ability to predict when do those improvements stop is very difficult, but we definitely don't think that's anytime in the near future. And what makes us feel so strongly about that is all you have to do is go to the people actually doing this work, and you see the improvements that they see that they want to go capture that they haven't been able to capture yet, and those continue to happen at a very rapid pace. So I think the improvements may happen in different areas. I doubt we'll be talking about a record well in Sand Dunes every quarter. You'll start to see where that may plateau, and the improvements maybe come in a different area of New Mexico or a different area of Barilla Draw or the Midland Basin, wherever that is, or it may come on well costs instead of productivity. But they'll all be returns and value-driven. So I think when you look at it from a returns and value creation standpoint, the improvements are going to happen for a very long period of time. And then Vicki mentioned after initial development EOR operating capability, all that. I think the improvements will shift to that. But they'll all be centered around how do we create more value, how do we get higher returns, and I don't think they're going to stop anytime in the near future.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I'd just like to add to that that during the downturn, another thing that we didn't do that others did is we didn't lay off employees. We took that opportunity to engage and empower our employees and let some of our team work on things that were longer-term so that we could start to impact our cost structure and with the subsurface, our characterization, and dramatically change how we view our subsurface now. But the credit for this all goes to our employees. We've empowered them to do the things that they need to do, take risks, do things differently, try some things that we haven't tried before, but most importantly when they felt the need, to do what they needed to do from a technical expertise standpoint to not only develop themselves and use the incredible mentors that we have internally but also to go external and to get the data that we need. On top of all this too is our really aggressive data analytics team that by working directly with the business units, the business units guide them through the questions and the problems that they need to solve, and the analytics group gets with them and works on those issues. And so it's a combination of a lot of things. But most importantly, it's the collaboration of our people to drive toward success, not just solving a problem that's not meaningful but driving toward the things that really improve the value of our portfolio and the production and value that we can deliver.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: All right, thanks a lot for the color.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from of Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question, just one for me. One of the investor concerns about the story is the rising proportion of high decline rate production in your mix, one-third this past quarter, probably reaching 40% next year. Can you just address how high that proportion can get in your mind and still keep the dividend be sustainable?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We were managing both the growth of the dividend with what we know that we can deliver or think we can deliver over time with the assets that we have. But that's what's so valuable about our Colombia and our Oman and our Abu Dhabi assets is that they are essentially very low decline. Or when they are higher decline, there's the opportunity  these are conventional reservoirs mostly, so there's the opportunity for enhanced oil recovery. Some of is just going to be waterflooding. Others will be maybe perhaps either miscible gas or more specifically CO2. But these opportunities  and again, this gets back to why I'm saying I'm so comfortable and happy with where we are today. This is the part that I was referring to when I said it's taken some of the stress off the business for the growth potential. These three blocks along with what we have to develop on the existing blocks based on what we see with the seismic, these will deliver the conventional component of our growth going forward that's critically important to help us manage our base decline.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Right. Yes, go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I just wanted to add to that. A part of what's going to help the Permian Basin too with respect to the decline there is in our Resources business. We have performed multiple tests and pilots on CO2 injection into the shale, and that is technically successful. We're working now on establishing what that would look like from a full field development. So we do believe that that along with gas injection are two opportunities for us to offset decline going forward in the Resources business on a larger scale. Part of what will support that is our Low Carbon Ventures team, which is out looking for opportunities and actually have one in hand already, one where we're currently injecting anthropogenic CO2 but another that will come online. And this team will give us opportunities to take CO2 that is captured from industry, bring it to the Permian, and use not just in our conventional reservoirs but in our shale play as well. So that will work. That's another way that we can continue to lower our decline.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I appreciate the color, thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first question is just around the guidance for 2022. How do you think about the amount of lost CFO between now and then from Qatar and Midstream and from Chemicals?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: This is why we put the plan in place, because really now Qatar was a headwind, but we design our programs and our plans knowing that we're going to have cycles with respect to differentials in the Permian, we're going to have variations in caustic soda prices, variations in sulfur prices. So we plan around that, and we generally plan to be pretty conservative with those things that cycle up and down. So the program that we've put forth for 2022 we feel that certainly we can achieve that at $60 and with conservative assumptions on pricing.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, so I guess I was trying to run some numbers on this. Qatar you said there's $200 million of CapEx and you said it's $300 million of free cash flow, so I just assume that's about $500 million CFO. And with your Midstream sensitivities, it seemed like there's maybe $1.3 billion going from the 2018 differential down to the $3 differential in your assumptions. So I was calculating it might be approaching $2 billion of CFO backfill between that and chemicals to get you back to a normalized place, and then the CFO growth on top of that.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: No, we're assuming the differential will be $3 starting in 2020 to 2022. The differential for next year we assume to be essentially what it averaged this year. But with respect to the replacement of the cash flow, what's important for us is the cash flow not only from operations but the cash flow pre-capital and post-capital. The reality is that had we proceeded with the ISND, the capital would have gone up, the take would have gone down. So in our models, we didn't have to replace that. So there was not going to be for us what we saw going forward as big a gap as you're calculating. So essentially, though, the replacement of that comes from the growth in Resources and the international growth. And again, conservative assumptions for Marketing and also Midstream and Chemicals.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. If I can just follow up on some of the prior questions, if you put it all together where the growth is coming from between now and 2022, embedded in your cash flow guidance, are you assuming basically all of the growth will come from the Permian, or should we be thinking that there will be with the blocks in Oman, et cetera, that there will be some international or other growth in the portfolio?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: What we can say is that for Resources, you could assume that over the four-year period, there would be about a 25% CAGR plus or minus a couple percent. So that would be what would come from Resources. And then assume that the rest of the production growth would come from a combination of enhanced oil recovery in the Permian plus Oman and Colombia opportunities.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Morris of Citi. Please go ahead.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you, a question for either I guess Vicki or Jeff. As you look at the Permian Basin, your growth forecast for next year assumes that the rig counts being flat basically on what it is currently and assumes about $60 WTI. This year you started out the year with a $50 WTI assumption with a higher cash flow, were able to land a few rigs versus what was the original plan to accelerate growth in 2019. And you're already looking at double-digit growth in 2019 now for the total company. But if oil prices end up being much higher than your assumption of $60 per barrel WTI, would you again look to perhaps add rigs later in the year to accelerate into 2020, or are you pretty dead-set on keeping the rig count flat through 2019 and dialing back that 5% to 8% growth then in 2020?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We're going to be dead flat with respect to our rigs in 2019 because we're going to stay within the $5 billion to $5.3 billion cash flow. We're putting together our capital plan now. We'll roll that out in the next quarter, so we'll provide you more information on it. But from what we're seeing right now, unless the board directs something else, we would go with the same rig count into 2019 that we have today.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, so even with a lot higher oil prices, that incremental cash is definitely going to go to dividend increases or share buybacks and not to accelerating activity in 2019?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: In 2019, our capital is set for $5 billion to $5.3 billion.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Right. Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Vicki, on Oman, I know it's early days. Can you give us some idea? Did it work out as you expected? How big is the program that they can support?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I'll go ahead and let Ken take that. I think that Ken has modeled out some opportunities for growth, which really depends on what we find from the extension of our appraisal program. I think our capability is going to well exceed what will fit within our capital budgets, but I'm sure Ken is going to lobby for more. Ken, do you want to address that?
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think that's a fair assessment. As you can see from one of the slides, we showed a number of wells in the inventory that is fairly substantial. Drilling Cluster 1 as soon as possible in Block 72 will open up that area very quickly. It's very close to our existing block; same with Block 65, close to Block 27. So I think we have to compete with Permian Resources, and I feel we've got the inventory to do so. So as Vicki said, we'll be coming along knocking on our door trying to drive the performance there.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Ken, I think you guys mentioned that you're going to acquire more 3D seismic next year, so spending on the program will be pretty slow next year. So what kind of timeline  or is there any  maybe the benchmark that we can use or milestone we can use on how that progress?
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think if you look at it that we have some existing 2D seismic over most of the areas, which we'll quickly reprocess. We also have some overlapping 3D seismic that other operators have shot in the area. So we're able to access those particularly around Cluster 1. Frankly, next year is appraisal, reprocessing, seismic, obtaining new 3D seismic, moderate to low drilling next year, and then the following year being in a position where we can expand the drilling program if we can obtain some capital. So a thoughtful disciplined approach, we want to add value to what are returns not only for us but for our partners and for the government also.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So do you think that by the end of next year that you will have a much better idea on how big is the program that you could support from a resource standpoint?
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Absolutely, absolutely.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And that in terms of the Permian, Vicki or Jeff, have you guys ever provided, say, by 2025, if we're going to maintain the same rig program as it is today, what kind of production that we may be talking about?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We know we have the capability to continue to grow the Resources business at pretty much the same CAGR we would see between now and 2022. Whether or not we do that really depends on the other international projects and opportunities. So I can tell you we have the capability, but whether that's what we're going to do would depend on what we see at that time.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And will you be trying to maintain that, say, $5 billion to $5.5 billion over the next several years in terms of CapEx, or that will also be subject to change?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Our CapEx between now and 2022 we expect to be between $5 billion and $5.3 billion.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: That of course assumes a $60 or better environment or call it $60. As we've said many times, prices are very volatile. And if it falls, we intend to keep our spending and our dividend within cash flow, and we can take that all the way down to $40 oil. And if that happens, the growth will moderate. But we intend to be disciplined to spending within cash flow.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I understand. But I guess a lot of people are asking that if the prices end up staying substantially above the say $60 range, does that mean that you guys will also be looking at the opportunity to survey the growth, or Vicki already said that 2019 program is pretty dead set. So how about beyond 2019, if the commodity price environment is better, does that mean that you're going to spend more than the $5.3 billion, or that you're still going to stick to that program?
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We've given a broad outline of how we would see things in a $60 environment further out. I think it's too early to speculate on wildly different price environments. I would say, certainly, like you've seen us already, in a price environment above $60, and we weren't that far above it this last quarter, we would certainly look to complement our spending with a much more substantial buyback program. But to go with a lot greater definition, I think it's just too early to do that today.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: In the interest of time, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I just want to say thank you all for your questions today. We're excited about where we're headed, and we'll continue to increase our opportunities and get better. So thank you all. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Alvarez, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's second quarter 2018 conference call. On the call with us today are: Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jody Elliott, President of Domestic Oil and Gas; Ken Dillon, President of International Oil and Gas Operations; and B.J. Hebert, President of OxyChem. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements, as more fully described in our cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements on slide 2. Our earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental guides and our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations, and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. During the call, we'll cover three key topics: first, completion of the Breakeven Plan that's ahead of schedule due to business outperformance across all segments; second, the recently announced Midstream transaction; third, the use of excess cash to enhance shareholder returns. I'm excited to announce the completion of our cash flow neutral and breakeven goals. On slides 6 and 7, we have summarized the achievement of this Breakeven Plan that we initiated in early 2017. During the quarter, we exceeded the 80,000 BOE per day growth target we set for the Permian Resources team in early 2017. All of our business segments contributed to the success of our Breakeven Plan and continued to perform better than expected. This outperformance helped us to achieve the milestones listed on slide 5 well ahead of schedule and helped to generate approximately $2.5 billion more cash flow than our original 2018 plan, which was based on a WTI oil price of $50 per barrel. This achievement strengthens our ability to provide a meaningful dividend with growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet at low prices. We're extremely proud of the execution of this plan. When others chose to cut or eliminate their dividends or pay scripts, we executed this plan to continue to grow and strengthen our dividend. We can now sustain our dividend and base production with oil prices as low as $40 per barrel. And at $50, we can add meaningful production growth for years to come. We're very happy with what we've achieved, but not satisfied with where we are. We're continually striving to increase shareholder value. And to that end, our intent is to regain a leading position with respect to return on capital employed. I'll provide more details on this later in my remarks. In addition to the incremental $2.5 billion of cash flow from operations this year, we'll receive proceeds of $2.6 billion from the sale of non-core domestic midstream assets in the third quarter. Slide 8 highlights the assets that will be sold in the gray box in the upper right-hand corner of the slide. The sale of these non-core domestic midstream assets fits with our Midstream and marketing strategy for three reasons. First, our marketing business remains unchanged, which ensures our primary objective of long-term flow assurance and maximum realized prices. This includes retaining our oil and gas takeaway capacity along with export capacity for our barrels through the Ingleside export terminal to world markets. Second, we preserved our organizational capability to build and invest in strategic midstream projects as needed to achieve our marketing objectives. Finally, we retained midstream assets that are strategically integrated into our Oil & Gas and Chemicals businesses. An example of this is our Permian EOR infrastructure, which is highly integral to the daily operations and success of our enhanced oil recovery projects. This transaction preserves all of these objectives while bringing in significant proceeds at a premium valuation. The combination of the incremental $2.5 billion in cash flow from operations and the $2.6 billion in proceeds from the midstream sales will be deployed to drive the highest shareholder returns. Approximately 80% of this incremental cash will be allocated to share repurchases and strengthening our balance sheet. Additionally, we'll capitalize on our unique market-leading position in Permian Resources by investing an additional $900 million in 2018 into projects that generate full-cycle returns in excess of 75%. This will require only a modest increase in activity from our original plan, which contemplated a ramp down in activity during the second half of the year based on an oil price assumption of $50 WTI that we used for the plan. Another $200 million will be invested in our highest-returning organic development projects in our international and Permian EOR businesses. Our competitive position is truly unique in the industry, and we recognize this is a differentiated approach, so we'll spend a large portion of the call sharing the strategic rationale for our decisions. Slides 9 through 13 provide the criteria we used for the reinvestment of the incremental $5 billion. We have for a long time believed that the measure of our success will be the shareholder value we create over the long term through return on capital employed leadership. Our market leadership will provide high revenues at lower cost and faster capital cycle times which will deliver stronger returns on capital, helping us to achieve our ultimate benchmark. As slide 9 shows, our decision to reinvest incremental capital back into the business will improve our cash return on capital employed by 10% in 2019 compared to our previous plan. We believe this improvement will be best in class and will generate amongst the highest returns in our peer group. On the right hand of slide 10, we list what we mean by market-leading in the Permian. There are some significant bottlenecks and barriers to growing production economically in the Permian right now, and OXY has unique assets and solutions that enable us to overcome the most significant ones. We know of no other E&P in the Permian that can check all of these boxes or is better positioned to deploy capital, and our cycle of improvement is happening faster now than ever before. We have a window of opportunity to further improve our operational execution, strengthen our cash flow, and increase our returns. While others are playing defense, we'll be playing offense by investing a portion of the additional cash back into our business to accelerate returns. Turning to slide 11, spending within cash flow over time is imperative for our dividend growth model. As I remarked in my opening statements, OXY is generating far greater cash flow than we anticipated this year. As the graph depicts, we more than cover our dividend and new capital guidance, leaving significant excess cash to repurchase shares and strengthen the balance sheet. We are targeting more than $2 billion of share repurchases over the next 12 to 18 months. On the next slide, I'd like to discuss the flexibility of our capital program, which is now dominated by short-cycle investments. Within six months, we can ramp down spending to our sustaining capital level if the environment requires. Similarly, our payback times for projects have improved considerably. At $50 WTI, the majority of our capital pays back within two years. This means that we are less exposed to changes in commodity prices and not exposed to long-term spending commitments. On my last slide, I would like to address what our plans mean for the dividend. Over the last 16 years, we've raised the dividend every year at an average annual rate of 12%, which is at a rate of 60% greater than the S&P 500 over the same time period. We are constantly optimizing the balance between growth and capital management to ensure the highest returns for our shareholders. As the graph shows, we are above historical levels of payouts for our dividend. The Breakeven Plan improved our payout ratio substantially, and our relentless focus on returns will continue to drive this lower, allowing for meaningful dividend growth in the future. I'll now hand the call over to Cedric to review our financial results and guidance details.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Vicki. I'll begin with commentary on the Midstream transaction and follow with our financial results and update to our 2018 guidance. Referring back to slide 8, we are divesting a package of domestic midstream assets for $2.6 billion that were not integral to our operations, which include the Centurion oil gathering system and long-haul pipeline, our southeast New Mexico oil gathering system, and the Ingleside export terminal. OXY is retaining its long-term flow assurance, its pipeline takeaway, and most of its export capacity through its retained marketing business. After the Ingleside export terminal expansion, we have secured the rights to market 450,000 barrels of oil per day through 2030, with options to extend for an additional seven years. The divested assets generated $180 million in EBITDA and required capital of $140 million during 2017. Our guidance for 2018 has been updated to reflect the transaction close at the end of the third quarter. As Vicki highlighted, we now expect to have an additional $5 billion of cash this year to allocate to increasing shareholder returns. We will deploy approximately 20% of the $5 billion in 2018 into our highest-returning organic opportunities, which will contribute an additional 17,000 barrels equivalent per day to Permian Resources in 2019. Approximately 80% of the $5 billion will go to opportunistic share repurchases and to strengthen the balance sheet. The share repurchase target has been set at more than $2 billion over the next 12 to 18 months. On slide 15, I'd like to start with our production results. Total reported production for the second quarter was 639,000 BOEs per day, coming in above the midpoint of our guidance. Adjusted for PSC impact, we would have come in at the top end of the production range we guided last quarter. This was driven by strong execution and well productivity in Permian Resources, which exceeded the top end of the guidance range by 3,000 BOEs per day, representing a year-over-year increase of 46%. Total international production came in at 281,000 BOEs per day, with Al Hosn, Dolphin, and Qatar all within our guidance. The increase in international production from the first quarter reflected the completed turnarounds at Al Hosn and Dolphin, partially offset by a decrease in production in Qatar due to its planned turnaround that was successfully completed. Earnings improved across all segments, with our second quarter reported and core EPS at $1.10 per diluted share. Results were adversely impacted by approximately $90 million or $0.12 per diluted share due to the timing of crude oil liftings in Oman and the non-cash mark-to-market impact on crude oil volumes. A typhoon in Oman delayed the lifting ships from June into July, and our growing crude oil export business is increasing our barrels in transit, and therefore our mark-to-market exposure has increased. The improvements in the Oil & Gas segment were mainly attributable to higher Permian Resources production and higher oil prices in our international operations, partially offset by lower international sales volumes due to the timing of the crude oil liftings in Oman. Second quarter realized oil prices increased by 3% from the prior quarter, and our DD&A rate for the second quarter was 9% lower than the average rate for 2017. Operating cash flow before working capital improved sequentially to nearly $2 billion. We spent $1.3 billion in capital during the quarter. Working capital changes for the second quarter mainly reflect the increase in crude oil inventories due to the timing of the international liftings and domestic export cargoes in transit. Chemicals core earnings of $317 million came in above our guidance of $300 million, primarily due to favorable product pricing across most product lines. Plant margins were also favorable, as ethylene costs were significantly lower than anticipated. Midstream core earnings of $250 million came in within guidance and reflected improved marketing margins due to an increase in the Midland-to-MEH differential from $3.12 to $7.86 quarter over quarter. Results included the aforementioned non-cash mark-to-market pre-tax loss of $67 million, which is due to rising oil prices and an increase in domestic export cargoes in transit. We declared an increase to the dividend in July and paid close to $600 million in dividends during the quarter. Total shareholder distributions approximated $700 million when considering the $73 million worth of share repurchases we made during the quarter. Slides 16 and 17 detail our updated guidance. We raised our total year production guidance from 650,000 to 664,000 BOEs per day. Excluding the impact of higher Brent price assumptions on PSCs, total year production guidance would be 655,000 to 669,000 BOEs per day. We increased Permian Resources production range by more than 3% to 207,000 to 215,000 BOEs per day, mainly attributable to the improved well productivity and an increase in well count. The midpoint of this range equates to an exit-to-exit Permian Resources production growth rate of 54%. Our international production range of 285,000 to 290,000 BOEs per day was adjusted lower for the PSC impacts of higher Brent prices, assumed at $75 per barrel for the remainder of the year, partially offset by improved production. We have increased our total year capital to $5 billion, with the majority of the increase allocated to Permian Resources. This is for high-return short-cycle projects that Jody will go into more detail in a minute. In Midstream, we expect the third quarter to generate pre-tax income between $600 million and $700 million, assuming a Midland-to-MEH spread of $15 to $17. On a full year, we expect pre-tax income to range between $1.650 billion and $1.850 billion based on a Midland-to-MEH spread range of $10.25 to $11.25. In Chemicals, we anticipate third quarter pre-tax earnings of $315 million, and total year guidance remains at $1.1 billion. Domestic operating expense per BOE of $12.80 was 4% lower than the prior quarter. Cash operating cost for the domestic Oil & Gas business are expected to continue to decline and average approximately $12.50 for 2018. We continue to forecast lower operating costs in Permian Resources for the second half of 2018, which are expected to average under $7 per BOE. We have updated our guidance for total company tax rate to 29% in 2018, which reflects higher earnings from our domestic businesses. On my last slide, we have provided you with key cash flow sensitivities. Our cash flow sensitivity to the Midland-to-MEH spread has not changed in the marketing business as we are retaining all of the previously secured Permian takeaway capacity. To close, we are very pleased with our performance so far this year, including the completion of our Breakeven Plan ahead of schedule. We have a tremendous opportunity in front of us, and we are working hard with a relentless focus on returns. I will now turn the call over to Jody.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Cedric, and good morning, everyone. Today I'll provide an update on the industry-leading returns our Permian Resources assets are generating and details on how we will continue to invest in these projects to provide our shareholders with value-based growth. I'll start on slide 20 to highlight some of our achievements year to date. First, we achieved 213,000 BOE per day production in June which was above the 209,000 BOE per day breakeven target we set at the beginning of the year. We achieved the 80,000 BOE per day growth target six months earlier than planned through our step change in well productivity and steadfast execution. We continue to deliver record wells in our Greater Sand Dunes area and achieved an OXY record for the Texas Delaware, with the Lyda 13H delivering a peak 24-hour rate of almost 5,700 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of over 3,700 BOE per day. Our high-quality Permian Resources assets combined with our subsurface expertise are generating high double-digit full-cycle returns in many of the best wells in the Permian Basin. Our appraisal program is also delivering great results and continues to provide low breakeven inventory replenishment for sustainable high-return growth. Year to date, we've added 218 gross locations to our less than $50 WTI breakeven inventory and created additional value by increasing working interest and average lateral length through acreage trades. Our Permian Resources business is generating high full-cycle returns as we develop our assets in the most prolific areas of the Permian Basin. Our margins are protected through Aventine, our maintenance and logistics hub, and our Midstream business is ensuring we get maximum product realizations. We believe our Resources business is positioned to provide some of the highest-return growth in the industry. We're also generating excellent returns in our Permian EOR assets. We continued our progress at the Seminole-San Andres unit by lowering OpEx an additional $2 per BOE, for a total reduction of $7 per BOE since the acquisition. This $7 improvement is expected to generate over $400 million in NPV, which is two-thirds of the acquisition cost. In June we announced a feasibility study for a carbon capture, utilization, and storage project with White Energy. The project will capture carbon dioxide at White Energy's ethanol facilities in Hereford and Plainview, Texas and transport it to the Permian Basin for use and sequestration in our Permian EOR business. Our Permian EOR business provides us with a unique carbon emissions reduction opportunity that will also generate returns for our business. We look forward to advancing these important projects, and we'll update you as we move forward. On slide 21, we show the well performance results of our extended lateral program in our two core development areas and how both areas are outperforming other operators. In the second quarter, we continued our basin-leading results in the Greater Sand Dunes, with 32 Second Bone Spring wells online averaging 2,500 BOE per day over 30 days. Our wells in this area are generating industry-leading and are outperforming the average operator by 24% on a six-month cumulative production basis. Our Greater Sand Dunes area continues to generate great well results with multiple stack benches and will be a corner stone of our development for many years to come. In our Barilla Draw area, we're seeing similar improvements in 2018 and recently implemented a new well design that is delivering record results and lowering costs. Our 2017 Barilla Draw wells are outperforming the average operator by 26%, and our more recent wells are trending even better. We expect this gap to grow as we progress our subsurface characterization to optimize landing and continue to customize our well designs to ensure we are maximizing the net present value of each section developed. On slide 22, I'll provide details on how we're deploying additional capital into our high-return development areas. We began 2018 with an 11 operated rig plan that would achieve three primary goals: provide the additional high-margin growth required to complete the Breakeven Plan; maintain flexibility to ramp down to a $50 activity level after the Breakeven Plan was achieved; and continue to improve results and appraise new areas for future development. We have now achieved the Breakeven Plan milestone. But as we evaluated the plan ramp down in activity, we realized high-return projects in the second half of the year and into 2019 would be eliminated. We continue to improve in all of our major areas as we progress our subsurface knowledge and apply innovative technologies to our development programs. We've also protected our full-cycle margins through our advantaged midstream position that is providing high product realizations at 98% of WTI, and our logistics hub that is protecting our program from market inflation. Our development program is delivering many of the best wells in the Permian Basin, and we expect full-cycle returns in excess of 75% at current strip prices. Our appraisal program delivered great results in Turkey Track and Red Tank in New Mexico and in the Hoban bench in Greater Barilla Draw. We expect these appraisal areas to deliver returns similar to our current development area. Given higher commodity prices than in our original plan, the basin-leading results from our development and appraisal programs, and our advantaged Midstream and logistics position, we have decided to accelerate NPV by deploying additional capital into these high-return projects. A portion of the increased capital is allocated to cover acceleration of time-to-market on the original plan and additional working interest we gain through acreage trades in our core development areas. These are both high-value opportunities that enhance our development program. We've also allocated additional capital to maintain an activity level similar to our current development pace. Instead of ramping down to a $50 rig activity level in the second half of the year, we now expect to operate an average of just over 12 rigs in 2018 and exit the year at 13 operated rigs. We'll also deploy additional value-added appraisal capital to progress emerging plays and technology and additional facilities capital to support production in 2019 and beyond. Our outside operated program is also delivering great results and strategic insights into the areas across the basin. As we reviewed and evaluated ballots this year, we had more high-value opportunities than we expected, as WTI prices remained strong and supported higher activity levels from many operators. The additional $200 million in outside operated will support another one to two net operated rigs for the year, where we will receive high returns and science appraisal data on the emerging plays across the basin. On slide 23, we've updated our Permian Resources production guidance and increased the midpoint for total year by 7,000 BOE per day. Starting with the second quarter, we beat the high range of the guidance by 3,000 BOE per day due to continued improvement from our wedge wells and strong results from our base optimization projects. We're increasing our guidance for third quarter and fourth quarter to account for the better results in the first half of the year, operating efficiencies reducing time to market, and additional activity we've added to our capital program. The 2018 production increase from the additional activity provides a modest increase to this year's production, but we expect it will add over 17,000 BOE per day in 2019. As I close, I'd like to recognize our employees for their dedication making OXY the best operator in the Permian Basin. For decades we've demonstrated our ability to maximize recovery of mature fields at low cost in our EOR business, and now we're a leading operator of Permian unconventional assets. The capability and energy of our employees has never been better, and I want to thank them for their hard work. I'll now turn the call back over to Vicki.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Jody. As you can see, our business performance has put us in a remarkable position. We provide an industry-leading shareholder distribution yield through our dividend and buyback programs while delivering valuable long-term growth from incremental investment in high-return organic projects. We're committed to delivering this value proposition to our shareholders within cash flow. We've built a leading position in the Permian with the best wells, technology, excess takeaway capacity, export capabilities, and supply and services security. This combined with the outperformance of our other businesses is why we're so confident that our actions will enable us to extend our industry leadership and shareholder returns. We'll now open it up for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Vicki, the market seems to be taking a fairly dim view of the increase in spending this morning, so I wanted to ask you. What's behind your decision to step up the pace? And I really want to think about it in the context of your peer group of similar size in terms of the Resource business because it would seem to us at least the pace of spending has been substantially lagging peers. It looks like you're catching up, but I'm just curious how you feel about the right investment pace and whether you would agree with that assessment.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Doug, for the question. The reality is and the way we do our business is we try to pace our developments so that we maximize net present value and return on capital employed. So as you guys have seen, we've had developments going on in certain areas. And for each development area, we build to ensure that we can maximize the value over the long term, which means that we don't build infrastructure for peak production. We build it for the life of the development area. We wanted to get to our Breakeven Plan to get to that milestone as quickly as we could. That was a key milestone for us, so we accelerated our pace to a level that we felt was the maximum before we started to destroy value. So the pace that we've been on up to this point was a pace that was driven by our commitment to return on capital employed. That's why we haven't gone faster getting to this Breakeven Plan. Now, however, we have some additional development areas which is driving the pace that we're going to increase to in the second half of this year. So rather than ramp down, we'll increase to ensure that we can cover these new development areas that Jody is going to talk about probably in a little more detail later. So the pace for us is always driven by ensuring we never get out in front of our technology, that we never go at too fast a pace, we never overbuild infrastructure, and that has always dictated our pace. And so we feel like that with lower capital than some of our peers, we've actually delivered more. And we've not only delivered more in terms of production in some cases, but also in terms of value, and we're going to continue to stay focused on value. Going forward, our additional development areas as they come into play, that could increase our capital as we go forward, but it's always going to be at a pace that maximizes returns. And you're right, not only about our Permian peers, but if you look at the companies that are operating that maybe don't even have Permian production, that have development in our areas, our total capital now, not only is our capital in the Permian Resources now more similar to our peers, but our capital overall is similar to our proxy peers that are of close size to us. So we think that we started the year a little bit under capital, but at the pace that we felt would maximize our returns.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's what I was getting at, thank you for that. I guess my follow-up then is really the impact on the philosophy of the business going forward because the growth in Permian has obviously been key to getting you back to breakeven, so has by definition been generating free cash flow. Do you expect the business at the new pace, the Permian Resources business specifically, to also continue to generate free cash flow under your updated commodity deck I guess? And if so, can you give us some idea how you see the exit-to-exit as you go into 2019? So exit 2018 going into exit 2019, what would you expect that growth pace to look like? And I'll leave it there, thanks.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We expect growth that would be similar to the activity level that you'll see in Permian Resources in the second half of this year, so the growth levels should be for our Permian Resources business probably in the high 30s.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's year-over-year or exit-to-exit?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: That's year-over-year.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And still free cash flow positive or no?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We should be free cash flow positive. I think it would be around 54% exit-to-exit.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's helpful, thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Sankey with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Hi, everyone. On the CapEx increase again, the magnitude is what surprised us. It really is a large number. Can you talk a little bit about how come we were not forewarned that you could make a move as big as this? Thanks.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: One thing we were doing is watching commodity prices, watching the volatility around the world, and staying and getting pretty comfortable with the incremental development areas that we're going to expand into. So a lot of it is around ensuring that as we go into the second half that we'll still be able to see returns that are at least where we were and maybe in excess now, because we've done a lot of really good work. We feel comfortable with what we're doing. We've always talked about and tried to share with people that the plan we put together was based on a $50 plan. We actually start our planning process usually midyear, and then by December, we're ready to present it to the board. And as we were doing that last year, we were seeing $50, and it wasn't really until toward December or January that prices started to go up a bit. And so starting at that pace, we were, as I mentioned earlier, a bit under capital versus our peers. And then accelerating and getting to the Breakeven Plan early was driven by the efficiency improvements that we saw. So it was a combination of seeing the efficiency improvements, getting comfortable that we were going to be in a better than $60 environment for the full year, and gaining some confidence that 2019 is also going to be in a similar environment, because the reason for the ramp down, as we said, was to ensure that we always spend within cash flow. And so thinking that, when we prepared the plan at $50 that we didn't know what 2019 would look like, so we didn't want to go into 2019 at a higher pace and risk outspending cash flow because that is our commitment beyond the achievement of the Breakeven Plan.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Okay. And then I guess the other thing that was different about 2018 versus initial expectations was the basin differentials. And I assume a large part of what you're doing here is to fill your own capacity, presumably to the detriment of your competitors. Is that the correct way of thinking about what you're planning to do?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: That was not a driver for us. The driver really is to develop  to do the upstream development that delivers better than 75%. So first we plan based on what the development itself will deliver. Secondarily, we look at what's happening with the takeaway capacity. So we have, as you know, so much that we weren't really trying to fill it to move others out.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Okay. And the final one, thank you, for me, would be in terms of you said you want to keep your CapEx and dividend covered by your cash flow. Can you just remind us what your aspiration is for cash return to shareholders because I think the other side here is that you could have done an awful lot more buyback? If you could, just talk about that balance. And I'll leave it there, thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: The reason that we want to buy back shares is we want to reduce our share count. We want to have the capability and capacity over time to grow our dividend in a more meaningful way, while at the same time we have to be conscious of the fact that investment in our Permian Resources business, our organic growth delivers better returns than the buybacks. So the buybacks really are specifically to help us with our dividend growth over time.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Thank you.
Jeff Alvarez - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you, good morning.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Good morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: As you've highlighted, the Delaware Basin well performance has been very strong over the last year. With the accelerated CapEx, you're now on the hook to deliver more growth. As you move into development mode, do you expect the level of well productivity we've seen the last couple of quarters to be sustained or improved, or do you see the impact of tighter spacing moderating those productivity gains? What do you see as the risk to the upside or the downside?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Hey, Brian. This is Jody. We see continued improvement in well performance. We continue to do more and more integration of seismic activity into our targeting and our well designs. We've got a new well design in the Texas Delaware area that's allowing us to both drill faster and complete in a more optimum way. So we expect the wells to continue to get better. With regard to spacing, we're probably more conservative than most in our spacing assumptions because we're so focused on returns and the net present value of each of these sections that we develop. And so we do a lot of modeling. We've done a lot of testing on spacing. So this isn't about downsizing and having parent/child interference issues. We take that into account and design for that as we go in. So hopefully, that answers your question, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: It does, thanks. And then just going back a little bit to the capital allocation and then thinking even more strategically, two follow-ups. The first is you talked about your flexibility to pull back on CapEx in the event of unfavorable commodity prices. What, if anything, would you need to see to pull back to allocate more towards share repurchase? And then from a use of excess capital perspective, given that you're increasing activity in the Permian, does the potential increase to your decline rate increase your interest in low decline rate M&A or new projects on the EOR side?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Over time, we do want to pick up more conventional activity and projects. We actually have some of the incremental in our capital allocation is going to the Central Basin platform in EOR to drill horizontal wells and conventional reservoirs. So we'll do some things to work on mitigating the decline of the Permian Resources business. Some of our work in international, which I'll let Ken describe here in a minute, is also going to address that same thing. So we'll let Ken address that, and then we'll come back to the share buyback issue.
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: As I mentioned in a previous call, one of the projects we're working on is the Teca steam flood in Colombia. So far, the pilot appraisal is performing above expectations, and it's a classical OXY international project implementing EOR techniques to an existing field discovered in 1963. We expect the green light before year end and expect to reach 30,000 barrels a day gross in Phase 1. Initial response shows wells going from 6 barrels a day to 58 barrels a day with the impact of the steam flood.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Brian, this is Cedric. I'm going to chime in for a second on the buyback. We're excited to be re-engaging in a more meaningful way with respect to the buyback. As you know, we have a long history of doing that, took a hiatus during the downturn, but we're excited to be in a position to do that. We've put out there $2 billion-plus as a target over the next 12 to 18 months. As we've said before, we like an opportunistic approach, so we're looking at value and we're looking at returns. We've got good models that we think, certainly not perfect stock pickers, but we like the idea of choosing the timing of when we invest in our stock. We think we have a good track record there, and we look forward to deploying some capital there. And as you know, the numbers we've given you don't add up to the $5 billion. We've got a lot that we're able to put on the balance sheet. We do want to keep a strong balance sheet. However, that also gives us more flexibility to go beyond the $2 billion over time should we choose, but we're going to pace ourselves. Maybe days like today are going to give us a good opportunity to be in the market buying our shares, and we look forward to doing that.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Please go ahead
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, good morning. So first question is just a bit of a follow-up. Vicki, you talked about the Permian Resources growth rate for 2019. As we think about this step-function change and the spending to the $5 billion level not just this year but also next year, maybe you could just refresh us on how you think that will drive the overall company growth not just in 2019 but also beyond.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: In 2019, we expect to exceed the growth rate we're seeing this year with a strong program. That's assuming that commodity prices stay where they are today. The slide that we have in the deck is not telling you that that's exactly what we'll do in 2019. But if we see the same market situation and all other things are similar, then we could spend in a $60 environment between $5 billion and $5.3 billion. We expect that would deliver a better growth rate than what we're seeing this year overall for the corporation. I think we're going to see healthy growth beyond that as well because of what we see in the Permian Basin. Having the inventory that we do, we've recently signaled that we do expect to be able to grow better than the 8% on average on an annual basis. So you could start to model out what you'll see next year from that sort of program, and going forward would be better than 8%.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. Second question is for Cedric. With this asset sale, if you could, just refresh us on the use of the NOLs and the impact it will have on you being a U.S. cash taxpayer. I think you're not expecting to for a couple of years. And if you could, just comment on whether you see additional assets that you would consider monetizing at this point. Or should we think that this is the majority of what you're looking to monetize?
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Okay, sure. On the tax, we do expect to gain. We'll have more on that. Of course, it's expected to close in the third quarter and we've got some things to finalize there to get a precise amount. But if you look at our 10-Q, you can see assets held for sale, it's predominantly the Midstream assets. It's not exact, but it's close if you're just trying to get ballpark. But we're going to have  we have continued NOLs or tax attributes we can use to offset the gain, and we won't be in a cash tax position for some time, as you correctly stated. Our effective rate also, we've outlined that in my earlier remarks, but expect it to be in the back half of the year in the high 20s. And over time, we would expect to use up those tax attributes and then go to a cash tax position, but it still looks like it's going to be several years out. It obviously depends on commodity prices and a lot of other variables. In terms of other assets for sale, we're always looking to refine our portfolio, but we don't have any new news for you. We've given you the news of the day. And I'd say at this point, we have a really good core business on all the verticals that you can look at. And we're reinvesting in that and think we can grow within the business that we have.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, I guess my last question would just be on the buyback commitment. If we move to a lower price environment, and I know you've talked about the flexibility on capital spending to pull back. But if we move to a lower price environment, is there a strong commitment that either way we should expect the $2 billion of buybacks over the next 12 to 18 months? I know it's opportunistic, but it's also the flywheel. I'm just looking at slide 27, and it feels like it's the flywheel, so just any color on that. Thanks.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: So obviously a lower price environment is, especially if that means lower share price environment, I certainly like the idea of investing our capital then. That's really what we're thinking about. If it's a lower commodity price environment, obviously those two tend to track together somewhat. But on a lower commodity price, we have, as Vicki mentioned, the ability to ramp down, and our plan works at $40. We think that is the answer for the industry. You need to be a low-cost producer, and I think very few can make those statements. But at $40-plus, we can ramp down within a six-month plus or minus time period and be within cash flow. So really, now that we've achieved that Breakeven Plan, we're in a position to balance our spending within cash flow pretty much at any commodity price. And then so the excess cash we're seeing for this year is really what we're targeting for reinvestment in shares, that $2 billion or so. That's cash that's not in the bank today but it's darn close. Beyond that, talking about a lower price environment, we've got that flexibility to make those share repurchases in a lower price environment.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question. We've talked a lot about the buyback on this call. Let me ask about the dividend. One of the charts on the slides highlights the long-term 12% dividend growth. But obviously of late, it's been nowhere near that, only low single digits in recent years. Is that because implicitly you're saying the yield is high enough on the stock as it is, or what's the reason for the very slow upticks?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: What we're trying to do is drive toward increasing our cash flow so we can increase our dividend. Currently, the payout ratio is still at a higher level than what we've seen historically. So part of the reason for ensuring that we increase our cash flow, increase our return on capital employed, is to continue to build on our value proposition and make sure that we strengthen all aspects of that. As I said earlier, getting to the breakeven milestone  breakeven and neutral milestones really were to get us to a point where we can do exactly what we're doing now, further strengthen not only the balance sheet but our cash flow, our returns. And through doing that, we think that we could then start to grow the dividend again. We don't want to get to a payout ratio that gets us away from being able to be cash flow neutral at $40 and breakeven at $50. So that's really the parameters that are driving what we do with it. So buying back shares, increasing cash flow gives us the ability to start growing it more than we've done over the last few years.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, one more about the Permian. You've talked about having or maintaining the liquids midstream access that you will need. What about natural gas? We hear more and more about the risk of flaring having to run up against the regulatory limits in the Permian. Is that an issue on any portion of your acreage today, gas bottlenecks?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: No, we don't feel like it's an issue. We currently are getting all of our gas out. We occasionally have short-term bottlenecks, as the industry has faced in the Permian. The way we've addressed that in the past, though, is with the enterprise 50:50 joint venture plant construction that we had a few years ago. When we see that there are going to be long-term issues for us, what we'll do is we have the capability  retained the capability to build infrastructure or to partner with others to ensure that the infrastructure is installed to be able to manage all of our products, so not just oil but gas and NGLs as well.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right, I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Gammel with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Thank you very much. I just wanted to ask about your firm transportation, which obviously extends pretty far into the future. We're in a period now where differentials are blowing out a bit. So I guess the question is twofold. Would you have any interest in potentially terming that out, the firm transportation out with another party, maybe at a level that is lower than differentials today but that would extend for a multiyear period to turn it into an annuity? And then I suppose are you being approached by other parties for that type of arrangement?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We've done a little bit of that. And what we try to do is balance a little bit of long-term to ensure that we can manage the downside risk. But we also feel that over the long term, we want to keep some of that flexible so that we can take advantage of periods like this where the differentials are high. We think we're going to continue to see cycles where both situations will exist, where we'll reap strong benefits as we're doing now, but there will also be times when we see the other side of that. So we have put together some contracts during this period that will protect us on the downside but without value destruction.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Okay, great, and then if I could ask a second one please. You've highlighted two new areas within the Permian that you've been delineating. I was hoping you could just provide a little more detail on the Barilla Draw Hoban bench and also on New Mexico Red Tank just in terms of prospectivity, potential drilling locations, et cetera.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Jason, this is Jody. Both of those areas we're seeing really positive results. The Hoban is associated with the Wolfcamp A. We've done a lot of delineation work, seismic work to understand is that one big thick area that we can prosecute with a single well in a large frac, or do we need to put two wells and two different flow units and then optimize the frac to that. So what we're seeing, very good results, and I think it will add inventory in that area. In New Mexico, I think there's even a stronger story in the Red Tank/Lost Tank area. That's proximal to a few wells that here recently in the Permian are probably the largest that have been drilled. We see multiple benches. We've had some appraisal wells drilled there. We're very encouraged both in the Sand Dunes proper area. And in Red Tank/Lost Tank, we see continued improvement in Tier 1, both the quality of the existing wells that are in the inventory and adding more inventory. So we're very excited about that. In that capital spend increase that we talked about, about $400 million this year of the $900 million is going toward that kind of activity. That activity is the portion that will generate most of the production increase starting in  showing up in 2019 of approximately 17,000 barrels a day.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: That's great. Thanks, Jody.
Operator: The next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, thanks. Maybe to follow up on Pavel's question about ultimate dividend growth, do you have, Vicki, an idea, or Cedric, of maybe where production needs to be to support dividend growth? And let's just say assuming recent or current oil prices as the paradigm there.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I'll start out and let Cedric finish it. But it really goes back to basing it around being cash flow breakeven at $50 and cash flow neutral at $40. As we continue to grow our cash flow through increased production, we will be able to start to lower those breakeven and neutral points. As we start to lower those and buy back shares, that gives us the capacity to continue to grow the dividend. We've looked at that, and that's part of the reason for what we're doing today and where we're trying to head, but it's going to be dictated by that and can be modeled.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: The other thing I'd mention on that, Roger, is on slide 13, which we've talked about, we put on there the dividend payout ratio in those little boxes above the bars, and it just shows a couple of things. One is we aren't where we were historically, well below 20%. And so, however, it also shows how much progress we've made in just the last year or so, so it's doing everything that we've talked about. It's focusing on returns. That trumps everything. But by doing that, you're allowing yourself to grow and grow your coverage ratio, improve your payout ratio. And so we don't have an exact number. We're not going to put ourselves in a box that way. We'd love to degree the dividend. We do grow it; we grow it every year. It's just at a modest rate in the last few years. We look forward to growing it more meaningfully, as we've done in the past. But the buybacks will help on that as will reinvesting at high returns. And the combination over time will get that payout ratio more like it has been in the past, and that will set us up for more meaningful dividend growth.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And then, Jody, if I could change direction to you, you mentioned as part of the CapEx increase some of the efficiencies that you've recognized this year. Can you give us an idea of maybe some of the things specifically you've seen in the way of efficiencies and how those are carrying along? I'm thinking not just on the drilling side, but well completions and maybe the impacts of Aventine at this point.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Aventine is a big part of this. We went live with Aventine earlier in the year. We have probably about 50% penetration of the sand and the sand delivery systems in our business, so there's still more opportunity to improve the other frac cores that are operating. Schlumberger finishes their facility end of September or early October, so we'll begin taking full advantage of that relationship on multiple product lines. On the drilling side, there's slide 36 in the back that talks about our feet-per-day improvements from 2017 to 2018. So just a couple of facts on Aventine, we've moved 230,000 tons of sand through there since we've started, but it's also helped us with ensuring we've got supply, so it's both cost and supply. The sand delivery system, Sandstorm that we talk about, has really had a big impact on trucking. The sand system hauls more sand per truck. We've avoided 450,000 miles already of trucking. So you think about the tightness in labor, that really helps in that area. The amount of time it takes to unload sand when your location has been reduced by 50%, and again, we still have more cores that will take advantage of this system as we finish out the year. So we're real excited about how not just Aventine but the work our drilling and completion engineers are doing to optimize wells, and the process will continue to drive efficiency. And any inflation or tariff impacts, those kinds of things get offset with this efficiency improvement.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Nothing quite like tariffs, maybe a very specific question on the productivity. There was another company that doesn't operate in the Permian but mentioned on their call earlier that the amount of stages they were getting done on a daily basis were running ahead of their budget. And I was just curious in the Permian relative to budget on stage completions per day or per well if you were seeing an improvement in productivity there.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think we highlighted one of the cores in New Mexico pumped 240 stages in a month, so we are seeing that improvement. Again, when you look back at the capital increase we're talking about, if you go through slide 22, some of that additional spending is exactly what you're talking about. We've improved time-to-market. We're getting more done with the same resources. That just brings capital forward. So we are seeing that kind of impact. And if you spend some time on that slide, you'll see that there are positive things that are driving the increased capital, more working interest, better time-to-market. And so it's really a cash return on capital employed accretive activity by spending this additional capital in Permian Resources.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I appreciate that. I was just going to try to get you to draw it out between budget and actual, but we've got to try what we've got to try.
Operator: The next question comes from Leo Mariani with NatAlliance Securities. Please go ahead.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Hey, guys. I was hoping you could add a little bit of color around the new well design. You guys mentioned in the Texas Delaware. I was just trying to get a sense of some of the moving pieces here. Does this add a little bit of cost, but maybe just give you a much better result in terms of productivity? What can you tell us about that?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Leo, the simple answer is it's a tapered well design. But I won't go into a whole lot of specifics there, but it allows us to drill faster, run pipe faster, complete the well faster, have larger flowback in artificial lift equipment, which improves drawdown over the life of the well, but it's framed around a tapered production string design.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Okay, that's helpful. And I guess just back to the Midstream divestiture here, I'm just trying to get a sense of what you guys saw out there on the market. Did you guys view this as an opportunistic time to go out and sell these assets here? Did you just feel like it was the right time where it was a seller's market where folks were looking for export infrastructure and Permian infrastructure? I'm just trying to get a sense of the dynamics of the deal.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: The Centurion pipeline and the Ingleside export terminal, Southeast New Mexico gathering system, we've never considered those necessarily to be core to our business. We just need the capacity on those. Similar to what we did with BridgeTex a few years ago, we partnered with Magellan to build the BridgeTex line. Prior to that, differentials were going up to $10. We did that to ensure that we could manage the differentials back down. We didn't need to own the line to get the benefit of it, but we had to help build it to make sure it happened. We've done that in some of our international locations as well to build pipelines to ensure we could get our products to market. We've really never felt that we had to own Centurion or the export terminal. We happened into an opportunity where it was a win-win for us and the buyers. The buyers get quality assets that deliver solid returns. We get cash flow that we can now use to get even better returns for our upstream business and to buy back some shares. So it was opportunistic in that there was a buyer that had a need and got that, and we had the opportunity to do something that can help us to achieve our goals on both ends, organic growth and buybacks.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Okay, so it sounds like just the bottom line is that getting the 75% full-cycle returns of the wells is just a far better use of capital. Is that just the simple way to think about it?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: It is. Those returns are  they're certainly the best in our business. We do have some international projects that compete with that as well, and that's why we're doing some of those. But the returns we're getting in the Permian, especially with the way the teams have increased efficiencies and increased well productivity, this is just an opportunity to get and to rebuild our return on capital employed back to the point where we're a leader in that.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities: Okay, thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I just wanted to build on the last question because of the fact that I think it's critically important for people to know where we've been, the path we've been on, and why we're doing what we do, that this all ties together. I won't repeat our story again about our portfolio optimization. But back in 2013, we had a really good history of delivering return on capital employed. From 2008 to 2013, we averaged close to 15%. That was the third best in our proxy peer group and the only two that beat us were major oil companies. There were no E&P companies that were beating the returns we were getting. We saw that we had some projects in our portfolio that could never meet our metrics, so we made the decision that, since it was a part of our value proposition, very important to us, the key metric that we use, we started the process of optimizing that portfolio, exiting those, and focusing on the Permian Resources business, which we had begun to realize was of a huge scale, high-quality, high-return projects. So we exited 40% of our production from 2013 to 2015. And to rebuild that cash flow that we lost from those lower-margin lower-return projects, we depended on the Permian Resources business to do that. It has done that. It's gotten us to what we consider to be just the first milestone; that is, the cash flow neutrality at $40 and breakeven at $50. We went at a pace that we felt was appropriate to maximize return on capital employed as we were doing that and replacing our cash flow. That worked out well for us. But to get it really where we need it to be, this is the next phase. The next phase is this year's capital program is a key part of getting us to where we need to be. Going into 2019, if market conditions are similar, we'll have a similar program. That will get us back in a leadership role. We will then be able to, I believe, exceed what any of our peers are doing, and that's what this is all about. It has nothing to do with price. It's back to our value proposition. It's back to ensuring that ultimately by focusing our return on capital employed, we can grow our cash flow, value-adding cash flow, and that we can then begin to grow our dividend again in a more meaningful way. This all fits together. It's all about the value proposition. And this is an opportunity that we have worked hard for the last five years to get to. We're there now and we're ready to execute on it, and it's an opportunity that we just can't miss. And I think for our shareholders, it's certainly the right thing to do. And I appreciate all your questions today to help us get our story out, and we'll be talking with all of you over the next month or so, and then we'll see you at Barclays. So I very much appreciate it. Thank you, bye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Jackson - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co. Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Muhammed Ghulam - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd. Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Richard Jackson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Richard A. Jackson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's first quarter 2018 conference call. On the call with us today are: Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jody Elliott, President of Domestic Oil and Gas; and B.J. Hebert, President of OxyChem. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements, as more fully described in our cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements on slide 2. Our earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules, and our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations and conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com. I will now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter key highlights demonstrate the significant progress we made to increase the value of our business while delivering free cash flow and value-based growth. Our low oil price Breakeven Plan will be achieved in the third quarter, six months ahead of our original estimate. This accelerated schedule has been driven in part by better than expected performance from Permian Resources, which added 18,000 BOE per day this quarter, and is currently on a trajectory to deliver a 47% year-over-year growth rate. This will be accomplished with only 11 operated rigs. We're truly doing more with less, as we demonstrated by our increased guidance in all business segments. It is important to note that our Breakeven Plan not only provides us with the ability to continue value growth in a low price environment, it delivers significant upside in a higher oil price environment. Slide 8 illustrates how leveraged our Permian EOR business is to higher oil prices. EOR will generate significant incremental cash flow in the prevailing environment. Similarly, Chemicals and Midstream have been positioned for long-term value creation and are capitalizing on today's pricing and marketing spreads to generate substantial improvements in free cash flow versus our Breakeven Plan. We have increased our full-year guidance for these two businesses, and they're actually capable of generating over $2 billion of annual free cash flow. As we did last year, we will continue to focus on enhancing our portfolio, increasing the value of our assets, and using technology to drive superior operational performance. On slide 5, I'd like to point out a few important Permian Resources achievements during the first quarter. First, we continued to bring wells online at basin-leading rates in Greater Sand Dunes, with an average 30-day IP of 31 BOE per day. We also increased new well performance by nearly 50% in our current Barilla Draw development area. Third, to support our growth in the region, we brought online our logistics and supply hub, Project Aventine. We have already started to see the benefits of our differentiated approach in well cost improvement and reliability of well site resources. Turning to slide 6, our value proposition has not changed; it is enhanced. The achievement of our Breakeven Plan strengthens our ability to provide a meaningful dividend with growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet, and will allow us to resume opportunistic share repurchases. The part of our value proposition that we have significantly enhanced is our ability to exceed our oil and gas production growth targets with industry-leading returns. The quality of our assets and the depth of our development inventory will enable us to deliver higher returns and higher growth rates within our cash flow from operations. We believe our meaningful dividend with a production growth rate greater than 8% is a unique value proposition within our industry. My last slide, 7, illustrates the differentiated approach OXY takes in developing our assets. Across our businesses, we are focused on long-term value creation through exceptional technical work, life cycle planning, project execution, and operations focused on maximizing margins. In our Oil and Gas segment, our goal is to get the most oil out of our rock in the fastest time, at the lowest cost, and to sell at the highest price. This means we start by understanding the potential of the reservoir through enhanced subsurface characterization. This is not only critical to producing the best wells under primary development, but also under future EOR applications. To ensure the best time-to-market and service costs, we have developed operational capability and technology, created strategic logistic networks and relationships, and built key infrastructure, including our Ingleside oil terminal to access world refining markets. As a result, we believe we are the best-positioned company in the Permian to execute on the value-added growth strategy. The benefits of our strategy are yielding significant productivity improvements, increased capital efficiency, and better product price realizations. We expect our differentiated approach to result in peer-leading value creation. I'll now turn the call over to Cedric to review our progress towards the Breakeven Plan and our financial results.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks, Vicki. I will begin with an update on our Breakeven Plan and then address financial results and 2018 guidance. On slide 10, we have updated our progress towards our Breakeven Plan at low oil prices. We continue to make substantial progress on our plan and are exceeding targets across our businesses. In an effort to be conservative on sustainable cash flow, we adjusted our first quarter cash flow from operations for a positive seasonality and market-related items in Midstream and Chemicals net of turnarounds in the Middle East, which is represented by the gray bar. Once we achieve our remaining milestones, we will be well-positioned in the future with the cash flow necessary for our $40 oil price business sustainability and $50 oil price business growth scenarios. But we will continue to operate our business to reduce those breakevens even further. Slide 11 illustrates our progress towards the Breakeven Plan. In the Chemicals business, the 4CPe plant began contributing to cash flow and will achieve peak operating rate in the third quarter of this year. We categorized additional chemical product pricing improvement as seasonal in the gray bar of other improvements to maintain conservatism in our plan. In the Midstream business, the Midland to Gulf Coast spread for the first quarter came within our guidance at $3.12 per barrel. Additional Midstream margin improvements for crude export, gas processing, and crude inventory sales were categorized as seasonal in the gray bar of other improvements. We also had planned turnarounds in the Middle East which reduced quarterly cash flow but will be back to normal rates in the second quarter of this year. In the Permian Resources business, we grew 18,000 BOE a day sequentially, leaving 32,000 BOE a day to achieve our Breakeven Plan goal. Jody will give additional guidance on the timing of new wells online and production. Shifting to our quarterly financial and operating results on slide 13, I'd like to start with our production results. Total reported production for the first quarter was 609,000 BOEs a day, which exceeded the high end of our guidance of 603,000 BOEs a day. Much of this was driven by execution and well productivity in Permian Resources, which came in well above the high end of guidance at 177,000 BOEs a day. International also contributed to the production beat, with our planned first quarter turnarounds at Al Hosn and Dolphin ahead of schedule and successful step-out wells in Colombia. Total international production came in at 273,000 BOEs a day, above the high end of guidance of 271,000 BOEs a day, even after 2,000 BOEs a day of production impacts from production-sharing contracts. Earnings improved across all segments, and our first quarter reported and core EPS was $0.92 per share. Improvements in the Oil and Gas segment were mainly attributed to higher oil prices and lower DD&A rates. Realized oil prices increased by 14%, and our DD&A rate for the first quarter was 10% lower than the average 2017 DD&A rate. Operating cash flow before working capital improved sequentially to nearly $1.7 billion, due to higher oil prices along with higher Permian Resources production as well as higher contributions from the Chemicals and Midstream segments. We spent $1 billion in capital during the first quarter, in line with our full-year capital plan of $3.9 billion. We issued $1 billion in debt to retire $500 million of notes that were due in February and for general corporate purposes. Working capital changes included cash payments typical of the first quarter, including property tax and payments against our fourth quarter accruals. Our Chemicals and Marketing businesses also experienced a working capital draw, as a result of a receivable build due to higher prices and volumes. Chemicals first quarter core earnings of $298 million came in above guidance of $250 million. Pricing for caustic soda and other products continued to increase, as global demand remained robust and purchased ethylene prices declined throughout the quarter. Midstream first quarter core earnings of $179 million also came in well above our guidance. Included is a gain on the sale of a domestic gas plant for $43 million. Excluding the gain, Midstream reflected improved earnings from crude exports, gas processing, and higher equity income from the Plains All American investment. The better than expected result also included income from items considered timing-related such as crude inventory sales. Our updated guidance is provided on slide 15. With respect to full-year 2018, we raised our total production range in spite of a negative production-sharing contract impact of about 5,000 BOEs a day since our first quarter guidance. The increase to the Permian Resources production range was mainly attributable to improved new well productivity. Jody will give additional detail on the outlook for our Permian Resources business. International production is expected to benefit from Al Hosn volumes ramping back up to average 66,000 to 69,000 BOEs a day during the second quarter and 83,000 BOEs a day in the third quarter. Qatar will have planned downtime during the second quarter, which we expect to impact production by approximately 6,000 BOEs a day. Our guidance now assumes $63 WTI and $67 Brent prices for the second through fourth quarters. The guidance for the total year capital budget is maintained at $3.9 billion. In Midstream, our improved second quarter and full-year guidance reflects the significant increases in Permian to Gulf Coast spreads. In Chemicals, our guidance increases primarily are due to higher caustic soda prices, and we now assume that they remain at current levels. Our DD&A expense for the Oil and Gas is lower as a result of lower finding and development costs last year. First quarter domestic operating expense was up slightly over last quarter due to front-end loaded workover and maintenance activities in Permian EOR. Lower operating costs in Permian Resources, which are forecasted to average under $7 per BOE, are expected to be offset by higher costs in Permian EOR for oil price-sensitive purchased injectant and higher energy-related costs. We have updated our guidance for the total company effective tax rate to 32% in 2018, which reflects higher earnings from our domestic Oil and Gas business. To close, we are off to a great start to the year, and we expect to reach a major milestone with the achievement of the Breakeven Plan in the third quarter. We are significantly ahead of schedule right now and will evaluate opportunistic uses of excess cash flow that we expect to be generated in the remainder of the year. These could include sustaining current activity levels in Permian Resources, improving our balance sheet through net debt reduction, and more investment in international and Permian EOR. Last and certainly not least, we now intend to resume our longstanding share repurchase program this year. As a reminder, we have approximately 64 million shares remaining in our buyback program authorized by our Board of Directors. Since the inception of the program, we have repurchased approximately 121 million shares for nearly $9 billion. I'll now turn the call over to Jody.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Cedric, and good morning, everyone. Today I'll provide an update on the continued improvements in our Permian operations and the progress we've made in delivering high-margin production growth to contribute to our Breakeven Plan. 2018 is off to a great start. Our value-based development approach continues to deliver record wells, and operational improvements are lowering cost and reducing time to market. On slide 18, you'll see that our Permian Resources New Mexico team delivered another quarter of play-leading results. We turned 16 new Greater Sand Dunes wells to production that averaged 30-day rates of 3,100 BOE per day, which is in line with the step change in productivity that began in the second half of 2017. I also want to highlight a two-well pad in the Wolfcamp XY bench that delivered an average 30-day peak rate over 10,000 BOE per day. As shown on slide 50 in the appendix, many of these record wells in New Mexico were stimulated with significantly less proppant than the industry average, which results in lower well costs and higher full-cycle value. We continue to integrate our vast seismic data with improved geomechanic and petrophysical analysis that enable us to land the wells in the best part of the rock and stimulate the rock with a customized frac. Our customized stimulation designs rely on our subsurface characterization workflows and data analytics to balance well productivity with incremental cost, ensuring we're developing each section for maximum value. Lastly in New Mexico, we continue to appraise and delineate our acreage across Greater Sand Dunes. We delivered one Second and one Third Bone Spring appraisal well in a field called Red Tank in the northern part of Greater Sand Dunes, which delivered an average 30-day peak rate of 2,300 BOE per day per well. We're excited about these results, as they provide additional low-breakeven inventory for future growth. On slide 19, we've updated our Permian Resources quarterly production guidance and increased the midpoint for total year by 2,000 BOE per day. Production in the first quarter of 177,000 BOE per day was above the high-end guidance, which was driven by better than expected well results in Greater Sand Dunes and Greater Barilla Draw and less downtime than expected from artificial lift installations on many new wells. Many of the artificial lift installations scheduled for the first quarter were delayed to the second quarter, as pressure in the new wells remained high and were able to flow longer without intervention. We expect to install lift on these wells in the second quarter, and the associated downtime is included in our production guidance. Turning to slide 20, I'll provide an update on Aventine, our maintenance and logistics hub located in southeast New Mexico. Since this one-of-a-kind facility the Permian began operations in February, we have received sand from 14 separate unit trains and supplied sand for 31 completions across Texas and New Mexico. In March, the Oil Country Tubular Goods part of the facility became operational and has since received approximately 1,400 tons of pipe, with over 1,000 tons delivered by rail. We also began servicing wells with the new Sandstorm system, which has reduced the number of trucks required to supply sand to the well site and reduced the amount of time each truck takes to unload. While the facility has started providing cost savings for our new wells, it also plays an important role in ensuring we can execute our plan. As activity has ramped up, we've been able to avoid logistics and supply problems by servicing our wells from Aventine. We expect this facility will be fully operational by the end of the third quarter, providing a competitive advantage for us in the Permian. Finally, on slide 22, we're delivering operational execution improvements that are reducing the costs of our wells and accelerating production by reducing time to market. We've increased drilled feet per day 23% in New Mexico and 17% in Texas since the first half of 2017. These efficiencies are a result of better well designs and improved well site operations from our proprietary OXY drilling dynamics. We've also seen improvements in our completions in New Mexico, where we achieved a 19% improvement in stages pumped per day compared to the first half of 2017. These first quarter improvements demonstrate our strong executional capabilities and provide a foundation for us to bring online the wells we forecasted for the year with the potential for upside. 2018 will be a great year for our domestic assets. Our Permian EOR business will continue to generate significant free cash flow while finding innovative ways to operate mature fields at lower cost. Permian Resources is growing high-margin production at the lowest capital intensity level in its history and providing cash flow for long-term sustainability. And thanks to investment in our Midstream business, we're positioned to maximize price realizations with oil and gas transportation agreements to the Gulf Coast, with volumes in excess of our current equity production. Lastly, we're also continuing to build future opportunities by advancing our understanding of EOR in unconventional rocks and will provide updates in future calls. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Jody. I'd like to close by congratulating two members of our team on role changes. Richard Jackson will be moving into Jody's team to lead our operations support groups. Richard has been an incredible asset for the Investor Relations team and will continue to be actively involved with our IR activity. He has done an incredible job to change our communication and sharing our story with our investors and shareholders. Replacing Richard as VP of Investor Relations is Jeff Alvarez. Jeff most recently led the Permian Resources Texas/Delaware business unit as President and General Manager. Jeff's extensive international and domestic experience has prepared him to be our investment community spokesperson. Richard and Jeff have a long working history together and will be transitioning over the next few months. We'll now open it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you, good morning, and congratulations to Richard and Jeff. Vicki, share repurchases have not been vocally high in the pecking order for use of free cash. Can you talk to how you and the board will determine the magnitude and the timing of share repurchase and whether you view repurchases as more temporary to deploy excess free cash flow from above mid-cycle margins in Midstream and PetChem versus something more ongoing as an augmentation to OXY's dividend?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: It's important to note that historically, we've always had a very active share buyback program. And as Cedric mentioned, from 2005 to 2015, we had bought back about $9 billion in shares. That's while we were paying a dividend over that time period of about $17 billion. That dividend that we paid over that time period had a CAGR of almost 14%. So even though we pay a healthy dividend, share buybacks are a part of our cash flow priorities. And in fact, in our last presentation on slide 6 for the last quarter, we had listed that share buybacks would be a possibility in an environment above $60. The reason we haven't talked about it here recently is the fact that we wanted to get a line of sight to see whether or not prices were going to remain that healthy, and we also wanted to get closer to our Breakeven Plan to resume our buyback program. As for the amount, as Cedric said, we have quite a volume of share repurchases that were authorized by the board for us to make. We'll begin those this year, but it really depends on the market conditions, pricing, and other opportunities.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thanks. And then to shift on my follow-up to the Permian, you're planning an acceleration in the number of Permian Resources wells brought online in the second and third quarters, and you've guided to an acceleration in production and growth in the third and fourth quarters. What are the moving pieces around that and potential upsides? What type of well productivity improvements, if any, have you factored in versus what you're seeing? And how should we think about the natural decline rates in Permian Resources?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Brian, this is Jody. Good morning. We tend to take a cautious approach to updating our type curves and projections on new wells. So as we get data beyond the 24-hour IP, beyond the 30-day IP, we really want to start seeing consistency in the 6-month cumes or even the 1-year cumes we start moving up our type curves. So some of that is baked into this forward guidance. The wells online count, we're confident about that, given all the investment in Aventine and the logistics work and the improvements in our execution. The variability in those numbers is really just the fact that a lot of these land right at the end of the quarter, and so a few wells moving in or a few wells moving out changes your count, but it doesn't appreciably change your production forecast.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Guy Baber of Simmons & Company. Please go ahead.
Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks and congratulations, everyone, on the strong results.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you.
Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co.: I wanted to start with just a point of clarification on the Midstream. But just to confirm here, the slides show that for every $0.25 per barrel widening in the spread, that's another $45 million of cash flow annualized to the Midstream, which is clear. However, there is I believe a partial offset in terms of your upstream realizations. So can you just confirm for us what that sensitivity is on a net basis to OXY at the corporate level, inclusive of the Midstream benefits but also accounting for the hit to the upstream realizations? I just want to make sure that we're triangulating to the right bottom line, as the guidance is premised upon a $6 to $7 spread, obviously, but we're currently sitting closer to $15 on a spot basis.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Guy, this is Cedric, and that's a good question. The net is about $30 million, so the $45 million minus the $15 million.
Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, great.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think that answered it.
Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, perfect. And then for my follow-up here, I wanted to ask an ops question. But, Jody, you alluded to this, and you have a slide on this in the back of your deck, slide 50, I believe. But you highlight how you all drilled some of the most prolific wells in the basin in the last 12 months with a step function improvement in the recent quarters, yet you're seeming to do that without any meaningful increases in your completion intensity and at a completion intensity that's well below average for peers. So that appears to bode pretty well for your capital efficiency. So can you just talk about that dynamic in a little bit more detail? I'm just trying to better understand the sustainability there and what you're seeing leading edge on the capital efficiency front.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah, Guy, thanks for the question. This all really starts with subsurface characterization. It's what we've been talking about over the last year of improvements on geomechanics and geochemistry and integrating our seismic and advancing our petrophysical modeling to better understand what we call flow units, and then how those flow units will behave with a stimulation. That leads to then a better stimulation design that's customized for basically each well. But from that customization comes efficiency gains built around standardization. So all of the execution with leveraging Aventine, with how we execute in the field, delivery of sand, the commercial arrangements that support that then turn something that's very customized into something that's very manufacturing-oriented. So the combination of those things is really what's driving what we believe is play-leading capital efficiency. The other piece in the middle that I want to highlight is what the team does in the area of field development planning. So they take all of those attributes and then optimize what's the best way to develop the field or the different flow units. Do we do them concurrently? Do we do them individually? How do you pace the rigs, how many rigs, how many frac cores? And there's many, many iterations on trying to optimize that, and the ultimate goal is maximum value per section. And so our teams have gotten very, very good at that, but they also retain flexibility in those field development plans, so as we have new learnings, we have surprises, both positive and negative, we can adjust those plans accordingly. So we really are hitting on all cylinders from subsurface through execution at the wellhead.
Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co.: That's great stuff. Thank you and congrats to you as well, Richard.
Richard A. Jackson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks, Guy.
Operator: The next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, hi. Good morning. Congratulations on a strong quarter. First question is just on the capital spending for this year. If I look at the Permian specifically, the wells online in the first quarter are a fairly small percentage of the total-year plan. But the CapEx in the Permian, if I just take your guidance from the fourth quarter call, divide it by four, is tracking ahead of that. But I just want to get an understanding of how  it sounds like it was in line with your own expectations, but I just wanted to get an understanding of how you think about how that plays out. And if you could maybe just dovetail in the comments about potentially looking to spend more capital to sustain activity levels in the international investments that you talked about.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah, I'll let Jody cover a little bit more of the lumpiness of the Resources business and what we had expected to see in the beginning of the year. But when we laid out our program, we intentionally designed it so that toward the end of the year we would have the flexibility to ramp down, and that's built into the capital program for 2018. What we wanted to do is to have the flexibility to ramp down to our $3.3 billion capital in 2019 if we were seeing a $50 environment, which is what we had talked about. Since we're not sure what pricing will do in 2019 and we want to stay within cash flow with our capital programs in the future, we haven't set that yet. So what you're seeing is an upfront-loaded 2018 capital. With respect to how the wells fit into that, I'll let Jody talk about that.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah, when you think about the plan for this year, the front end is considerably loaded with more facility activity. In fact, in the second quarter, we'll be commissioning two large facilities in New Mexico. And so as you move through the year, even though some of the well count is going up on the completion side, you're offsetting that with less facility spending. The wells are also the place where all of these efficiencies, the benefits of Aventine which are just starting and which will grow over the year, start coming into play.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And if I could just clarify, Vicki, on the second part of that question around the activity levels and the potential for further investment in international and EOR, is that something that would lead to spending above the $3.9 billion for the year at this stage?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: At this point, we haven't made any decisions regarding that. But what I will assure you is that we have flexibility. We have a vast inventory of not only things to do in the Permian but internationally. Our opportunities are pretty much unlimited at this point with respect to what we're seeing. But for the program this year, we haven't made any decision yet to increase our capital. What we would consider doing at the most probably would be to sustain the activity level we have at this point, but we haven't made that decision yet. We'll see how things look over the next few months.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it, okay. And then my follow-up was just around the balance sheet. In past quarters, you've had slides there where you've talked about asset sales as a means of bridging some of your spending gap, which obviously at higher prices isn't as necessary. But does that mean that you're not looking to monetize these assets anymore? And just in general, when you talked about your debt reduction objective, what would be the goal at this stage? Where do you want gross debt or net debt, whatever metric you would choose to go by?
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Got it. This is Cedric, Phil. On monetizations, we'll always be looking at high-grading, improving our portfolio. If there are things that we can get a good value for that aren't core or strategic to us, then we certainly would be looking at those kind of exits, like what we just did in the first quarter with the gas plant. It really wasn't  we got a good price for it, and it wasn't essential to what we needed to do. In a lot of those particularly Midstream areas, we can contractually cover our needs just as easily. You don't necessarily have to own the asset. So there aren't any big plans necessarily, but at the same time we'll always be opportunistic with improving our portfolio. With respect to the balance sheet and debt, we don't have a precise target other than we want to be at the strong side of the group within the peer group. We've got a good credit rating and a good strong balance sheet, and we would like to make some improvements to it. But there's nothing that's kind of a must-have. So improving the net debt with some of the organic cash flow we expect to be generating over the next few quarters is also on the list of things we'd like to do.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Richard, you're not going to get rid of us that easily, but good luck in your new role. But two quick questions, if I can (34:41-34:54).
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I'm sorry, Doug, but you're cutting out. Could you try to repeat that question for us, please?
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sorry, I apologize. Can you hear me now?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yes.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So when I saw you last, you talked about achieving the milestone for cash breakeven as a potential turning point for the new OXY strategy going forward. I'm just wondering what you think is the right level of growth for a company of your size. What do you think your portfolio can support?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think what the portfolio can support and what's appropriate and prudent to do are maybe two different things. Our portfolio would support significant growth rates. But we believe that a growth rate certainly above 8% is where we can be very efficiently and effective, and we think that that's the growth rate that would be appropriate for our dividend level and for the other cash flow priorities we have, as we mentioned earlier, buybacks. I'm not sure where that ultimate number would be. It really depends on how efficient we get and what types of projects come up. But certainly, one of the things we always want to do is stay within cash flow, so it will be somewhat driven by prices.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate that. That was, just to be clear, compared to the current 5% to 8% target, right?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: That's right, because currently, we've averaged 5% to 8% over the years. We now have the capability to go well above that. And how far above that we go, to say it more clearly, is going to be dependent on prices and cash available.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. My follow-up is probably for Cedric, if you can still hear me. Cedric, buybacks and dividend growth go hand in hand, meaning that on a per-share basis, buybacks amplify dividend growth, so I'm just curious. How do you think about the dividend policy going forward in the context of restarting the buyback program? Is that a per-share growth target on the dividend or an absolute target on the dividend amount? I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks, Doug. No, on dividends, really our philosophy has not changed. We are absolutely committed to the dividend, as we've proven through the downturn, not just sustaining it but growing it at a modest rate. It will be dependent on our view of  a dividend is long-term commitment. Share buybacks are more opportunistic. This may be the way to say it. But on the dividend, we would look to continue with modest increases. Because it's a long-term, permanent commitment, if you will, the dividend, we look to do that at a more mid-cycle price. So today plus or minus $50 is what we have in mind. So with the higher price, as we showed last quarter on slide 6 of last quarter's presentation, buybacks come into play when you're in a significantly higher price than $50. So we run our business on a $40 to $50 price deck in terms of being prepared for lower prices, running a low-cost business, and then look for dividend increases as we continue to improve our efficiencies, our well productivity. The Aventine, all the things we've been talking about to drive our breakevens lower, we'll continue to do that. And that's what will position us potentially for further dividend increases.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the answer. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: The next question is from Leo Mariani of NatAlliance Securities. Please go ahead.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC: Hey, guys. I just wanted to follow up on one of the earlier comments that you guys made. Obviously, your breakeven has been pushed forward to the third quarter. Obviously, that's nice. You talked about potentially higher CapEx later in the year. But you specifically said that that would likely be portioned over to international EOR. I just wanted to get your thought on that. Why those areas versus Permian Resources, for example, do you see better returns in international EOR? What's the thought behind that?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: So for 2018, if we increased our capital, it would be not beyond the program we currently have planned for international. Any increase in capital this year would be to just sustain the Permian Resources business. We do have some capital allocated to our international assets to do some appraisal work and evaluations for a little more aggressive program internationally in 2019, if prices permit, but that's probably what you're talking about is just the work to set up those programs for 2019.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And I guess with respect to the Aventine hub, obviously you guys have put a lot of time and effort onto getting that up and running. If you were to do a bit of a lookback and project forward, is there any way to quantify what you might be able to save in terms of Permian Resources well cost? Is there any way to say look, once this is fully up and running by the end of the year, we can save 10%? Is there any way to quantify that?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Leo, this is Jody. Thanks for the question. I think we've stated $500,000 to $750,000 a well impact when we're up and running. But the concept of Aventine actually wasn't just well cost focus. It was also securing supply. And so we're really getting multiple benefits out of Aventine. Clearly, we think we will drive costs down. We have already shown that securing supply during this tight period has been very, very helpful, not just in New Mexico, but supporting contingency sand deliveries in Texas as well. The other part that really starts growing over time are the efficiencies that are gained because we've got all of our strategic partners in place that we can start whittling out all of the inefficiencies, the wasted motion, which does two things. It lowers our well cost and shortens time to market. But for our partners, it drives up their utilization. So their profit per frac core, per rig crew, per flowback unit, all of those things go up because we're more efficient than the industry average. And so the result of that is less pressure on price increase because they're driving higher margins. That's how we look at it. The number we've talked about is $500,000 to $750,000 a well. We think there's upside as the teams mature, not just in the physical assets but how we work the process.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC: Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question is from Bob Morris of Citi. Please go ahead.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you, good morning, Vicki and team. Congratulations on the continued improvement in the Delaware Basin wells. My first question is you raised the guidance on the Midstream pre-tax income, and that's based on an assumed spread of $7 to $8 from Midland to the Gulf Coast for the rest of the year. But that spread is currently around $15, and the strip on that is similarly wide. Would you or could you  have you given any thought to hedging that or trying to lock that in? Because that would be significant incremental cash flow that then you could use for the share buyback or otherwise.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I would say, Bob, up to this point this quarter, we're seeing an average of just a little more than $8. So while it might seem like we're being conservative, it's really based on some information, and some of the spikes we're seeing go well above that, but we're not sure we'll see that. But with respect to your question, I'll pass that to Cedric.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Bob, I'd love to lock in $15 if we could. The truth is there's no market really for hedging those differentials. It's very thin and short-term and just really non-existent. So it's a volatile market. Its outlook is difficult to predict. As we've seen, the primary driver is pipeline utilization, which we expect to continue to be high until these new pipes come on, particularly in the second half of 2019. But as it stands, hedging is just not really an option available to us.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I suspected the market was pretty thin. And obviously, it would be nice to be able to lock that in. My follow-on question is I know you did mention you'd be opportunistic on non-core asset sales. You did say last quarter you expected to execute on some non-core asset sales this year. Has either the recent deal at a very high per-acre value or the widening in these Midland differentials change your view or approach on executing on non-core asset sales this year?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: No, it's still the same. We will look for opportunities, and the opportunities have to be compelling enough to execute on. But we're still continuing to look at ways to monetize those things that are noncore to us.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, great. Again, congratulations. Thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Portillo of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning, all. Jody, you highlighted the value proposition of the Aventine logistics hub in the northern Delaware Basin, which appears to have a strong competitive advantage regionally. I was wondering if you see similar logistics potential in the southern Delaware and in the Midland Basin.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Matt, we sure do, but in a different scale. Actually, the one in the southern Delaware Basin is called Palatine, and it's more of a contractual relationship on sand trans-load. Midland Basin, there's more access to infrastructure, and so you could service Midland out of either Palatine or direct from some of the regional sand mines that are coming online. It's a little less exposed, plus our activity set is considerably lower in Midland. So we're really focusing on the Delaware Basin to ensure we have logistics, maintenance capabilities, those kind of things that are more regional to the activity to take out trucks, to take out inefficiency and downtime.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great. And the follow-up question is actually around your export business. As pipeline capacity ramps towards Corpus, you mentioned industry volumes will continue to increase, allowing you to expand your Ingleside dock capacity for crude oil. My question actually revolves around your LPG asset base. I know OXY mothballed that facility due to lack of propane access. And I was wondering with some of the new greenfield NGL pipes potentially heading southbound if you see the potential to bring this asset back into service.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We stay aware of all the activity in the area, and we're just keeping a watchful eye to determine at what point. We believe at some point that could be an opportunity for us, but we don't see that now. We're really focused more on expanding the oil export part of that. However, we're going to stay opportunistic with respect to how those pipelines play out and what opportunities might come our way.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you very much.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Muhammed Ghulam - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, this is Muhammed on behalf of Pavel. Thank you for taking the questions. First of all, when the buyback eventually does start, how should we think about it? Should it be a flex variable, as in will it remain relatively constant, or flex up or down with free cash flow?
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think the way to think of it, Muhammed, is opportunistic. We're going to be looking at  there's a competition for capital around here, and that's one great use of capital, but we'll look at reinvestment and other options as well. And obviously, we'll be looking at the value of the shares. So periods of weakness and things like that, we certainly could step in, but we'll be opportunistic with those buybacks.
Muhammed Ghulam - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: A follow-up on a different topic. The Middle East, it's now been almost a year since the economic embargo against Qatar started. You've said in the past there hasn't really been a significant impact on you guys. Is that still the same, or have there been any changes?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: No, that's still the same. It never really impacted our business very much, and I think Qatar in general has made a lot of changes to the way the country now manages that. And so we don't expect, didn't see any, and don't expect to see any problems with any of our operations.
Muhammed Ghulam - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: That's all for me, thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. Am I on?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Good morning. Yes, you're on.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Okay, I just wanted to make sure. Kind of blank there. Maybe to follow up on the dividend question that hasn't been quite beaten to death, Cedric, if you look at your debt and thinking about the period we've just been through here of focusing more on cash flow neutrality in a low oil price environment than where we are today, do you look at any of your long-term debt and evaluate that as something you might prefer to retire rather than buy back shares?
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Certainly, we would look at that, have looked at it. We know the terms, so that's it. That is one option that we could consider down the road. So again, framing it, hopefully we've laid this out pretty clearly, but we have a plan that we're about to achieve that means we can pretty much in any reasonable oil price scenario stay within the guardrails of cash flow. And then with that, we've laid our priorities, and net debt improvement is one of them. And so in the short term, it likely means building cash a little bit because most of our debt is termed out, as you've noted. But there are ways to bring that in and make some reductions there too over time. But again, in that area we'd be opportunistic. I've worked on in the past debt buybacks and even a defeasance, and a defeasance is probably the last thing we'd want to do. They tend to be expensive, but there are ways to bring that debt in, and that's something we would look at over time should the cash flow continue to stay at a high level.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thanks, and then maybe two quick questions on the Permian. This call, no comments or, at least that I saw in the presentation, anything on acreage swaps or additions or anything. Is that an indication the markets slowed down or just a quarterly kind of event? And then the other question was, if you could help us, just because it's been quite a while since we've had to think about high oil prices having an impact on EOR ops or OpEx, what exactly is exposed, what the percentage, maybe the right way to think about how that stair-steps in, in a higher oil price environment.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah, Roger, no. The first question on acreage trades, no, there's still a lot of activity there. Last year we did about 17,000 net acres in trades, and in the first quarter we've done 11,000. So there's still a desire to core up, be able to drill longer laterals, leverage your larger positions. With regard to EOR OpEx, it's primarily two things. It's energy, so as the cost of electricity goes up, you have some exposure to energy. And then some of the CO2 contracts have an oil price relationship. We can follow up with you later on trying to help model that a little closer. But the things we control with well work and activity, that's all managed pretty well and not so exposed to inflation. Our improvement activities typically offset any inflation.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Roger, sorry, this is Cedric. I just want to add one thing just for clarification. The first quarter financials, in our cash flow you'll see $177 million of acquisitions and $275 million of sales. We talked about the roughly $150 million Delaware Basin gas plant sale, which was non-core, in that sale number, but the other piece of it was really the swap. So really the acquisition, we just broke  the way we did from an accounting standpoint, we broke both the acquisition and the sale out in the financial statement. But it really was done as one deal and it was essentially a swap, a large one.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: And the other thing I'd add, Roger, about EOR is that we put the slide in there to show you it's leveraged to oil. And the reason for that is that it's about 80% liquids. And so on a BOE basis, we have a higher liquid  higher oil production from EOR on a BOE basis. So that's why it's that margin for  even though OpEx will go up a little bit, we really benefit from higher oil prices in the EOR business.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I appreciate that.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Gammel of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Yes, thanks very much. I just wanted to come back to the updated guidance on the Midstream, which obviously a very significant increase. I realize that most of it is due to differential. But if I just take the midpoint change in the differential, multiply it by the $45 million rule of thumb, which sounds like maybe I should be using $30 million, I get to about $625 million versus the $750 million step-up in the guidance. So I was wondering if you could talk about any other factors that are positively affecting your outlook for the Midstream this year.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Certainly, the Midstream business has more than just that  those contracts related to the takeaway. The export terminal in particular has been doing fantastic this year. As you know, we're a leader in that area, and so I think it would probably be the other thing I'd point to more specifically.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: So that's the ability to capture the arbitrage between, let's say, Brent and Corpus Christi pricing or something along that one?
Richard A. Jackson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: This is Richard. I may help with one piece of that. I wanted to clarify. The $45 million per $0.25 change, the Midstream segment fully benefits from that. The $30 million is really our upstream production that's based on Midland pricing, and so you'll see that in our realizations and our production schedules. So you do need to take the full $45 million and apply it to Midstream, and that's the benefit.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Okay, thanks. That is to say even that would be a fairly significant uplift relative to just the rule of thumb that you're giving in guidance. But maybe if I could just transition, your comments around essentially pipeline utilization rates being very high and not really much relief until midyear next year, I know you're only giving guidance for 2018. But should we be able to extrapolate that Midstream is looking to have a pretty good first half of 2019 earnings period as well?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yes, that's our view. If you look at the alternatives, rail would be great, but it's got an $8 a barrel range, but that's limited today to around 100,000 to 150,000 barrels a day in terms of rail capacity. I think there will be efforts to try to increase that, but it's difficult to do. And then trucking  by the way, slide 63 lays this out pretty well for you. And then trucking, again, it's a higher cost with around $12 or so a barrel. So those would be some upper limits you might think about. However, with trucking, we've all seen bottlenecks there. The roads are crowded and in disarray, and getting trucks and getting truck drivers even is a difficult thing to do. So as we've said, the outlook for spreads is difficult to predict. It's going to be bouncy for a while as all of the takeaway systems are being stretched to their limits.
Jason Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: That's really very useful. Thanks very much.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: You bet.
Operator: And the final question today comes from Michael Hall of Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please go ahead.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thanks, a lot of mine have been addressed. I guess just one I wanted to hit on, on the Aventine facility, I guess dovetailing off of the comment on crude-by-rail. Is there any opportunity to I guess convert any of that facility into a crude-by-rail terminal, and to what extent might there be any interest in doing that on you all's end?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Michael, this is Jody. You've got to recall, we have 2.5 times our equity oil production volume that we can move on pipe. So for us, we wouldn't likely consider that as an option. We really see this more as an operational facility to support right now mostly the capital side of the business. Then as you go through the full life cycle, it will support the operating cost side of the facility as well.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay, I guess I was thinking about it from a marketing business angle, so that was another way to capture even more potential upside from the current situation, but it sounds like no. And then I guess the other piece is just on local sand usage. To what extent, if at all, are you guys testing that in the Delaware Basin in particular is I guess where I'm curious.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Hey, Michael, we see application of local sand in both the southern Delaware and the Midland Basin. Our preferred sand provider is coming online now with their local sand mines, so we will start utilizing more local sand as a percentage of the total. We've the background work, the geoscience work, the lab work and all to test different sands, different sand quality, so we're comfortable applying those. It's just a matter of getting more activity in the local sand market.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Great, I appreciate it.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for closing remarks.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I'd like to leave you with three takeaways today. First, we are ahead of schedule for achieving our Breakeven Plan. Second, our first quarter outperformance and improving business results have led us to increase our full-year guidance. Finally, we will reinvest excess cash flow in our highest-return opportunities. And to close, I'd like to thank all of our employees because they are the true drivers of our success. Thank you for joining our call today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-14 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Jackson - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.
Analysts: Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please also note, today's event is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Richard Jackson, VP of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Richard A. Jackson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Okay. Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's Fourth Quarter 2017 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jody Elliott, President of Domestic Oil and Gas; Ken Dillon, President of International Oil and Gas Operations; and B.J. Hebert, President of OxyChem. In just a moment, I'll turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our fourth quarter 2017 earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules and our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com. I will now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. Before I talk about our business results, I'd like to first thank our employees for their efforts to ensure a safe workplace for our employees, contractors and the public. In 2017 we had the best employee and combined employee contractor injury and illness rate than we've ever had. In addition, OXY Oil & Gas had an industry-leading employee IIR  that's illness and injury rate  of 0.11. This is a result of a long trend of improving safety performance which indicates that safety is not an initiative for us. It's a part of who we are. It's embedded in our culture, which is a reflection of the quality and commitment of our employees. On behalf of the management team and our board, I want to thank our employees for owning safety. Today, I'll share some highlights from 2017 and then some key items we consider for disciplined reinvestment and what that means for allocating capital. I'll then conclude with details of our 2018 capital program. Cedric will update our progress on our breakeven plan. In 2017, we focused on improving our cash flow through value-based growth in Permian resources, enhancing our portfolio, increasing the value of our assets and using technology to drive operational performance. We enhanced our portfolio by increasing cash flow from OxyChem in 2017 with the completion of the Ingleside ethylene cracker, which reached full capacity in 2017. OxyChem will provide additional incremental cash flow in 2018 from the 4CPe plant that was commissioned and put on production in December of 2017. The plant, located in Geismar, Louisiana, uses an OxyChem patented process to produce 4CPe, which is a raw material used in making next generation climate-friendly refrigerants with low global warming and zero ozone depletion potential. The project was completed on time and on budget and it represents another significant accomplishment within our breakeven plan. We increased the value of our assets through increased productivity, significant reserves replacement, optimum cash flow from our international operations and increased exports from our Ingleside crude export terminal. Our increased productivity came mostly from our Permian Resources business, where we achieved record initial production rates across eight benches and continued to deliver step change well results in Greater Sand Dunes during the fourth quarter. These results have helped drive our capital intensity down while adding to our long-term reserve potential. For two years in a row, we've achieved all-in reserve replacement ratios of nearly 190% companywide, with F&D costs of less than $10 per BOE. In Permian Resources, our reserve replacement ratio in 2017 was a record-setting 365% with an F&D of $9.77 per BOE. We've provided additional details on our 2017 reserve data in the appendix and earnings release. We'll continue to focus on optimizing recoveries and F&D costs through our value-based development approach. Equally important were similar improvements in our international businesses where we generated over $1 billion of free cash flow, and I want to take a moment to recognize our Oman team. We've operated in Oman for almost 35 years and recently achieved a significant milestone with a production of our 1 billionth barrel of oil. With the extension of Block 9 and a new contract in Block 30, we're excited about continuing our long history of success and partnership in Oman. Lastly, I'd like to emphasize how advancing technologies have improved our operations. Our investment in subsurface characterization has driven progress in both our unconventional EOR assets and our unconventional assets, and we're increasingly finding more synergies between them. Four unconventional EOR technical pilots that we began in 2014 have increased our technical understanding of how these two assets will work together in the future and will provide significant option value across our large Permian position. This innovative work in combination with our petrophysical advancements to improve primary recoveries positions us to lead the industry in full-cycle value and return on capital employed. We're also advancing our use and sequestration of anthropogenic or manmade CO2. One important step was our work with EPA to develop the first monitoring, reporting and verification, or MRV, plan for CO2 injected in our Denver unit asset in 2016. Our MRV plan provides transparent and formal accounting for permanent geologic sequestration as a part of our EOR process. During 2017, we applied for and received approval for another MRV plan in our South Hobbs asset, the second ever issued by the EPA. We reported volume sequestered at the Denver unit in 2017 and will report our sequestration amounts for both assets in 2018. These two assets represent two of our 34 CO2 EOR floods in the Permian and through our MRV plans, we'll demonstrate the significant potential that exists in our assets to store CO2. Another important advancement of CO2 sequestration through EOR occurred last week when Congress passed the FUTURE Act. This legislation can help incentivize the development of new carbon capture projects making more anthropogenic CO2 available for sequestration and EOR operations, operations that have MRV plans. This policy and technical advancements combined with our significant CO2 EOR position and infrastructure could provide emerging opportunities for OXY and the lower carbon future we must all work to achieve. We look forward to continuing to grow our leadership in this space. To complement our subsurface advancements, our teams have also worked on innovative solutions to manage costs long term. We continue to make progress on the recently developed technologies and operational differentiators that we introduced to you during 2017, such as SL2, our multi-lateral technology; and our logistics and maintenance hub in Southeast New Mexico, this hub which will ramp up operations through the first half of 2018. To summarize our key progress in 2017, we showed three key metrics on slide 5. Enhancements to our portfolio enabled us to fund our dividend and sustaining capital with our cash flow from operations and to fund our growth capital with a combination of cash on hand, our tax refund and proceeds from net asset sales. This advanced our plan to break even. The 20% improvement in the six-month cumulative production volumes we achieved in Permian Resources will significantly increase our resources value. This is a result of several years of excellent subsurface work that is beginning to fully mature and be visible in our results. Finally, our ability to replace our production at close to 190% replacement ratio with high quality, low F&D production makes us very confident that this is sustainable for a long period of time, and will deliver top tier return on capital employed and will provide more total returns to our shareholders. Turning to slide 6, our value proposition has not changed. When others chose to cut or eliminate their dividends, we developed a plan to continue and strengthen ours. We view our value proposition, which is founded on dividend growth, to be a commitment to our shareholders and not an option. We've been able to pursue this strategy consistently for many years as a result of the quality of our assets and the discipline of our management team. As you can see on slide 30, over the past 16 years, we've given $30 billion back to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Our scale, combined with the free cash flow generation of our international assets, Permian EOR and Chemicals, along with the growth of our premium Permian Resources position creates a truly unique value proposition, in that we can provide strong dividends and meaningful growth as well. Our cash flow priorities also have not changed. Sustaining capital and dividends are non-discretionary items. Our first priority is to maintain an operationally and environmentally safe business. Our second priority is to grow our dividend as we've done for the past 15 years. As we look beyond our cash flow breakeven plan, we will consider several key factors for disciplined reinvestment that support dividend and production growth long term. Our investment decisions are focused on maximizing return on capital employed. We will not invest in projects unless they deliver a minimum return of 15% for domestic and 20% for international. The other factors we consider are, one, pacing growth to maximize net present value; two, improving low cost inventory; three, maintaining an industry-leading decline rate; four, sustaining a secure capital structure for downside protection and upside opportunistic value creation through the inevitable commodity cycles; and five, appraising long-term social and environmental opportunities to risk, like potential carbon pricing. Now I'll update you on what this means for our next steps immediately beyond achieving our breakeven plan, as on slide 6, where we've illustrated what this looks like at various oil prices. Our first priority is to complete our breakeven plan and we expect to achieve this ahead of schedule. Our breakeven plan will secure our sustaining capital, current dividend and 5% to 8% production growth at $50 WTI. Beyond these milestones, we believe it's important to improve our dividend payout ratio and reduce our net debt. This means that in the short term at $50 WTI, we'll grow the dividend at a nominal rate similar to last year, while investing in both short and long-cycle projects to deliver 5% to 8% growth. Any additional cash flow will be retained to improve our net debt metrics and be prepared for value-adding growth opportunities. We believe this conservative approach will further strengthen the sustainability of our dividend while giving us flexibility to remain opportunistic. Beyond these initial steps, we'll manage incremental dividend growth and reinvestment opportunities within the framework I've discussed. At greater than $60 WTI, we're able to accelerate our payout ratio improvement and net debt reduction, and will weigh growing towards the higher end of our 5% to 8% range and growing our dividend more meaningfully. Turning to slide 7, our capital program was designed to achieve our breakeven plan in the third quarter of this year. We expect this program will generate annual growth of 8% to 12%. Chemicals spending has rolled off significantly, which will enhance free cash flow generation. In Midstream, overall capital will increase modestly versus last year to accommodate an expansion of the Ingleside crude export facility. We recently awarded EPC contracts to expand the capacity of the terminal by 2.5 times, up to 750,000 barrels per day. Total Oil & Gas capital spend will be approximately $3.3 billion. The international capital is primarily for sustaining purposes as we complete our breakeven plan, but we expect higher investment in our international business in 2019 and beyond. Similar to the international business, the Permian EOR business will spend capital to sustain current production levels. Permian Resources will receive a total of $1.9 billion in capital, of which $1.2 billion is for growth. I'll now turn the call over to Cedric to review our progress towards the breakeven plan and our financial results.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Vicki. I will begin with an update on our breakeven plan and then address financial results and 2018 guidance. On slide 9, we have updated our progress towards our breakeven plan at low oil prices. As the chart shows, we've made substantial progress towards this goal, and our business segments are exceeding targets. As noted in last night's press release, we have further accelerated our timeline and now expect to accomplish the plan by the third quarter of this year. As most of you know, once we achieve our remaining milestones, we will have the cash flow necessary for our $40 oil price business sustainability case or our $50 oil price business growth scenarios. Slide 10 illustrates our progress towards the breakeven plan. In the Chemical business, the 4CPe plant came online in December and will begin contributing towards the breakeven plan next quarter. In the Midstream business, the Midland-to-Gulf Coast spread remained wider than our breakeven plan assumption of $2.10 per barrel, as it averaged $4.61 per barrel during the fourth quarter. Ken Dillon will tell you about the Al Hosn Gas plant debottlenecking that's beginning in the first quarter, and we have provided additional details on the capacity upgrade to our crude export terminal in the appendix. In the Permian Resources business, we grew 20,000 BOEs per day sequentially, leaving 50,000 BOEs per day to achieve our goal. Jody will give you additional guidance on the timing of new wells online and production. The Chemical and EOR businesses are making operational gains and experiencing market improvements beyond our initial plan. Caustic soda realizations, a key profitability driver for the Chemicals business, improved further in the fourth quarter and solidified $150 million of market improvement shown in the other improvements category of our slide. In the EOR business, we have achieved the $5 per BOE of cost savings we expected from the integration of the Seminole-San Andres CO2 unit into our network of floods. We have included a slide in our appendix highlighting this progress. We are excited by the progress we have made and we will continue to communicate incremental progress towards our pathway to breakeven. My next slide illustrates our liquidity needs for 2018, and it has changed markedly in our favor since last quarter. We have adjusted the chart to reflect a commodity price of $50 WTI and our new capital budget of $3.9 billion. At $50 WTI, the cash required to attain our breakeven plan is more than covered by our cash balance, and, at current prices, we would not need a cash flow deficit  we would not run a cash flow deficit during 2018. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had $1.7 billion of cash and the Plains units with a market value of approximately $600 million. In addition, we expect to evaluate and find opportunity to monetize non-core assets to maximize net present value of our portfolio. Shifting to our quarterly financial and operational results on slide 13, I'd like to start with our production results. Total reported and ongoing production was 621,000 BOEs per day. Permian Resources came in within guidance at 159,000 BOEs per day. Permian EOR increased by 2,000 BOEs per day to 155,000, a result of a full quarter of acquisition volumes. International came in at 302,000 BOEs per day. I'd like to take a moment to reconcile our fourth quarter production versus guidance. On the international side, our fourth quarter guidance was based on a Brent pricing assumption of $53 per barrel. Production sharing contracts, or PSCs had approximately a 5,000 BOE per day impact on our production, given that Brent averaged over $61 per barrel or an $8 increase versus our guidance assumption. While higher Brent prices are clearly a net positive overall, it does result in reduced production volumes for us. On the domestic side, the Permian experienced third-party downtime of approximately 4,000 BOEs per day, outside operator production timing of 2,000 BOEs per day and weather impacts of 1,000 BOEs per day. The international and domestic items totaled approximately 12,000 BOEs per day, which reduced our production below our fourth quarter guidance. However, as Ken and Jody will detail, we are confident with our plan for 2018 and the execution fundamentals of our production growth continue to improve. Earnings improved across all segments in our fourth quarter. Reported EPS was $0.65 and core EPS was $0.41. Reported earnings included about $575-million benefit from the revaluation of deferred taxes related to federal tax reform, which significantly decreased our fourth quarter effective tax rate. Improvements in the Oil & Gas business segment were mainly attributed to higher oil and NGL prices. Realized oil prices increased 16% and NGL prices increased by 21% from the prior quarter. Operating cash flow before working capital improved sequentially to nearly $1.5 billion due to higher oil and NGL prices, along with higher Permian Resources production. We spent $950 million in our Oil & Gas capital program during the fourth quarter. Total year Oil & Gas capital was $2.9 billion and we met our total capital budget of $3.6 billion. Chemicals fourth quarter core earnings of $217 million came in above guidance, primarily as a result of higher realized caustic soda pricing. Midstream fourth quarter core earnings of $129 million also came in well above our guidance due to higher marketing margins from improved spreads and exports through our terminal. With respect to 2018, we are affirming a capital budget of $3.9 billion, which will generate 8% to 12% annual production growth. This equates to a total company production range of 640,000 to 665,000 BOEs per day. Our guidance assumes $60 WTI and $65 Brent for the first quarter and $55 WTI and $60 Brent for the remaining quarters. The 2018 Permian Resources budget of $1.9 billion will drive a production range of 195,000 to 209,000 BOEs per day. The midpoint of this range equates to an annual production growth rate of more than 40%. Jody will provide additional color on our 2018 Permian plan. The 2018 international budget of $800 million will maintain a production range of 286,000 to 297,000 BOEs per day, which is sequentially lower due to the impact of higher oil prices on PSC contracts. Ken will provide additional details on the capacity expansion of the Al Hosn Gas plant. In the first quarter, we expect total production to range from 592,000 to 603,000 BOEs per day. Jody will give additional detail on the Permian Resources outlook. International production in the first quarter will be impacted by turnarounds at Al Hosn Gas and Dolphin. Al Hosn volumes are expected to average 58,000 to 59,000 BOEs per day during the first quarter and will ramp to 83,000 BOEs per day by the third quarter. In Midstream, we expect the first quarter to generate pre-tax income between breakeven $10 million and $30 million, assuming a Midland-MEH spread of $3 to $3.25/BOE. The first quarter guidance also accounts for the turnarounds at Al Hosn and Dolphin. On a full year, we expect pre-tax income to range between $200 million and $300 million based on a Gulf Coast spread range of $2.50 to $3/BOE. In Chemicals, we anticipate first quarter pre-tax earnings of $250 million as the seasonality of sales for certain products improves in the first quarter. On a full year, we expect pre-tax income to approximate $1 billion, assuming caustic soda prices remain at current levels. As a reminder, a $10-per-ton move in caustic soda price equates to a $30 million in pre-tax income. Our DD&A expense for Oil & Gas is expected to be approximately $13.50 per BOE for 2018 compared to $14.87 last year, largely as a result of lower finding and development costs. Cash operating costs for the domestic Oil & Gas business are expected to average $12.50 during 2018, compared to $11.73 last year. Lower operating costs in the Permian Resources, which are expected to average under $7 per BOE, are expected to be offset by higher costs in the Permian EOR business for oil price-sensitive purchased injectant and higher energy-related costs. And, finally, on slide 16, we have provided you with key cash flow sensitivities. I'll now turn the call over to Jody.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Cedric, and good morning, everyone. 2017 was an incredible year for our domestic business. Our teams leveraged our subsurface workflows and operating capability to drive improvements that derisked our cash flow breakeven plan and added significant long-term value to our assets. We monetized non-strategic assets with three key results. First, we acquired the CO2 EOR Seminole-San Andres unit to enhance our low decline Permian EOR business. Second, we invested additional capital into our Permian Resources strategic development plan and third, we cored up a Midland Basin multi-bench area we are now developing. We will continue to review our portfolio in 2018 and look for additional value-adding transactions. Our value-based development approach provided outstanding results across our business. Breakthroughs in geomechanics and petrophysical analysis of flow units drove an approximate 20% improvement in Permian Resources well productivity. Permian Resources lowered fourth quarter operating costs to $7.63 per BOE, a 9% improvement from the fourth quarter of 2016. In Permian EOR we've made significant progress at the recently acquired Seminole-San Andres unit. In just one quarter, we increased production by 3,600 gross BOE per day, reduced OpEx by over $5 per BOE and reduced flaring by 60%. We've also improved the economics of future development by reducing drilling costs by over 30% or $500,000 a well. I also want to highlight our progress in advancing new technology. As Vicki mentioned, we've implemented four different unconventional EOR pilots across the Midland and Delaware Basins. The initial results are encouraging and we believe that our position, scale and over 40-year history of operating EOR projects provide OXY with an advantage that will be extremely difficult to replicate. Progressing this technology will allow us to incorporate EOR into our future development plans and realize value with this upside option beyond just primary recovery. We're excited about these pilots and the future opportunity they represent. Turning to slide 19, the Permian Resources team added 750 locations to our less than $50 breakeven inventory in 2017, almost double the target set at the beginning of the year. This represents an additional four years of development at a 10-rig pace. The additional 325 locations added from lower cost and well performance are based on repeated improvements that are sustainable. Over 17,000 total net acre trades resulted in an additional 125 locations by enabling us to drill longer laterals and consolidate facilities. We are extremely pleased with the progress made improving our inventory in 2017 and believe that our focus on value-based development and innovative technology will continue to grow our breakeven inventory in excess of our drilling pace. On slide 20, our Greater Sand Dunes area delivered another quarter of play-leading results across multiple benches. In the fourth quarter, we brought online a total of 17 new development wells and one Avalon appraisal well. Our new wells in the fourth quarter had continued step change productivity results as we had achieved in the third quarter. Our confidence continues to increase in 2018 as in January, brought the Cedar Canyon 27/28 Fed 44H online that achieved a record 24-hour peak rate of 8,361 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 6,111 BOE per day. As I mentioned in our last call, our understanding of localized production drivers across our position gives us confidence that we'll continue to deliver high rate of return wells across the more than 2,000 undeveloped locations in Greater Sand Dunes. In 2018, we will further integrate 3-D seismic, data analytics and deploy other emerging technologies for continued improvement. Beyond Greater Sand Dunes, I also want to highlight a new six section modular development area in New Mexico called Turkey Track. The Turkey Track 9-10 State 32H in the 3rd Bone Spring has produced over 200 MBOE in 90 days, and all five wells online in the fourth quarter are performing above expectations. We expect Turkey Track to deliver over a 40% all-in rate of return at $50 per barrel. While Turkey Track is only six sections, OXY has significant acreage in this region of Northern New Mexico Delaware Basin. This modular development approach allows us to leverage scale across multiple smaller development positions. Innovative facilities design and development sequencing allows us to reduce costs for operations across several sections while using regional subsurface characterization and operating efficiencies to leverage our basin-wide scale advantages. On slide 21, I'll walk through Permian Resources production for the fourth quarter and discuss the outlook for 2018. The continued improvements in well productivity and development optimization have put us ahead on our breakeven plan milestone. We now expect to achieve the 80,000 BOE per day of growth in the third quarter of 2018. We're extremely confident in our ability to execute this plan as critical resources were secured in 2017. Looking at the fourth quarter of 2017, good execution and well performance contributed to growing production by 20,000 BOE per day from the prior quarter, and achieving a December exit rate of 172,000 BOE per day. However, during the fourth quarter, we incurred approximately 6,000 BOE per day of downtime due to third-party pipeline and processing disruptions, OBO delays and weather downtime. In the first quarter, we changed our development plans to move a rig from Turkey Track, a two-well development area, to a Texas Delaware four-well pad development area. This change was made based on the better-than-expected 3rd Bone Spring results in Turkey Track, so we can now pace this development differently to allow multi-bench development with the 2nd Bone Spring and ensure there's no additional cost incurred for facilities or trucking. This change reduces the number of wells online in the first quarter due to the larger pad activity, but is the right value-based decision and enhances our total-year production delivery. First quarter production has been impacted by early January freezing weather by approximately 2,000 BOE per day. But again, this does not change our strong outlook for the year. We've provided a quarterly production range for 2018 to help follow our progress as we're set to achieve approximately 45% production growth from 4Q 2017 to 4Q 2018. On slide 22, we provided details on our 2018 Permian Resource capital program. Consistent with our cash flow breakeven plan, our capital for the year is $1.9 billion. We will operate a total of 11 rigs and fund an additional two net non-operated rigs. We plan to appraise at least six new benches across our development areas that will provide future growth opportunities. We will also start realizing the benefits of Aventine, our maintenance and logistics hub, which is now online with sand delivery and will be fully operational by the end of the second quarter. The partnerships created as part of project Aventine will provide efficiencies and allow better margins for OXY and our partners. Our initial savings target per well from project Aventine is between $500,000 to $750,000 per well, but we believe the full value implications are much higher as we expect improvement in time-to-market, last mile and well site logistics, safety and future operating costs. We will also continue progressing unconventional EOR pilots and implement new pilots in 2018, and will provide updates and share results as we can. 2017 was an incredible year, and we're even more excited and confident about 2018. Thank you, and I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks, Jody, and good morning, everyone. We had a strong year in the international business with our achievements summarized on slide 24. The focus of the business during 2017 was twofold. First priority was cash generation which the upstream business delivered to the tune of over $1 billion in free cash flow. Second priority was continuing to develop a pipeline of potential projects in our core countries. This inventory is focused on strong returns for OXY and our partners. It builds upon our operational excellence in our core countries, including the use of the latest 3-D seismic technology and drilling successes in Oman and Colombia. Our major projects continue to be delivered on-time and on-budget as shown on slide 26. And we did all of this while achieving the best international HES performance in OXY's history. There are a number of topics that I'd like to mention today. First is the debottlenecking of the Al Hosn Gas plant which will begin during the first quarter and be completed in the second quarter 2018. Last year, during our annual turnaround, we were able to optimize the gas plant for no additional capital. This contributed to the increase in production from 64,000 BOE per day in 2016 to 71,000 BOE per day in 2017. This year during the turnaround, we will debottleneck the plant for an additional 11% in production from fourth quarter 2017 to third quarter 2018 for only $10 million of capital. This debottlenecking will bring the cumulative expansion versus the original plan to approximately 30%, as shown on slide 25. Production during the first quarter will be approximately 59,000 BOE per day, and we will achieve a peak rate of approximately 83,000 BOE per day in the third quarter. We're able to achieve this by utilizing a new patent-pending process to modify the inlets to the plants absorbers. Next, I'd like to talk about the continued consolidation of our position in Northern Oman. We successfully renewed our Block 9 contract and we recently signed an exploration and production sharing contract for Block 30, which enhances our position. We see opportunities for gas production in the area and synergies with our adjacent position in Block 62. I'd like to highlight the performance of several projects in Colombia. In December, we reached a milestone of 45,000 barrels a day at the La Cira-Infantas field. This was achieved just ahead of the 100th anniversary of the discovery well, and we're excited about the continued development of the field. The TECA Steamflood pilot continues to exceed our expectations, and a development project will be moving towards sanction this year. The project exceeds our international economic hurdle rates. Both of these projects are excellent examples of our organization's expertise in enhancing the recoveries of mature and complex fields. Lastly, we've been successful with our step-out drilling programs in Oman and Colombia, which have added over 50 million barrels of net resource in the two countries. I'd like to thank the team for its disciplined work and commitment to safety. We're very pleased with how the business performed in 2017 and excited about the opportunities in our pipeline. I will now turn the call back to Vicki.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Ken. I'd like to close by commenting on executive compensation since we've been engaging with the investment community on this topic. We have expanded the use of returns-based metrics for executive incentive compensation. The changes will impact both our short and long-term incentives by incorporating cash return on capital employed as a key performance target, with a short-term target of 18% and a long-term target of 20%. At our 2018 target compensation level, cash return on capital employed-based compensation will comprise about 20% of the total. This policy is consistent with our historical practices at OXY and improves alignment with our shareholders. We'll now open it up for your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we'll begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question today comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. If we could go to slide 4, the talk about well productivity improvement. And I was curious, is there a way that you could break that out at all between just changes in physical things like lateral length and the number of stages versus  you've mentioned multiple times, the improvement in well productivity, how much of that is a design change or better rock, or you know, all the opportunities that are there?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yes, Roger. Good morning. This is Jody. It's really a combination of both. If you look at lateral length in 2017, it's about a 10% increase in overall lateral length. But our productivity improvement is on the order of 20%. And you have to remember this is based on a six-month cumulative, so a lot of the good wells that came online in the back half of the year aren't yet included in that improvement number. So it's a little bit lateral length, but a lot about, again, how we land these wells, the flow unit work that we do to optimize where we place them, and then continued completion design changes to increase stimulated rock volume. But it's a combination of both, but more performance-driven than lateral length-driven.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Thanks. Can I get you to hazard a guess on continued improvement on productivity at all or any sort of an internal target?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I don't know if I can throw a number out. I mean, I get surprised every day with the improvements our teams continue to make. And I see some of the technology things we're working, whether it's in the execution side or on the completion side, and I still think there's more ahead. We've got some new frac designs coming out this quarter in Greater Sand Dunes, and I think those are going to lead to even better rates. And in addition to better rates, I think we're reducing our issues with offset frac hits and having to shut wells in because of doing frac work nearby. So not only are we trying to improve performance, we're trying to minimize the base production that's already online.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Kind of getting rid of the parent/child issues we've seen elsewhere then.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Exactly.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then maybe just changing direction with my follow-up. I don't know for you, Vicki, or for Cedric. With the company now certainly line of sight to the breakeven at $50 or effectively there at current prices, how do you think about the dividend or share repurchases as the company moves out of 2018 and into 2019? What's the preferred method for shareholder returns here?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Well, we prefer dividends, because the dividends are given directly to the shareholders, and it's often hard to predict the impact of the share repurchases. But we have done a lot of share repurchases over time, as we showed you in the graph, but the way we kind of look at it is we do it when we think it makes the most sense and adds the most value. And we sort of do that calculation by looking at the value of the Chemical and Midstream businesses and taking that from the total value of the company, but including debt and cash levels, then you divide that by your total proved reserves. Then when you compare that to your finding and development cost for the projects that you're in and, in that scenario, we would go today investing more in the projects that we're doing. But with that said, in those scenarios where we have incremental cash, and we don't want to accelerate our pace of development because that would potentially destroy value, in those scenarios, assuming our stock is a little bit lower than normal, those would be scenarios that we buy shares back into the company, and you've seen us do that. So that would be something that we certainly would consider doing. We never want to talk about it in advance, because we don't want to let others know that we're doing it. We want to make sure that we eliminate the potential of others buying our stock as we've talked about buying it back. So we think this approach, as we consider that limits our natural bias to think that the stock's always undervalued and it makes the calculation pretty straightforward.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Good morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: As we think about the path to achieving that $50 breakeven, I wanted to just focus a bit more on your expectation to reduce well costs in the Delaware, in particular, which I think you have on slide 53. Based on your contracts, how exposed are you to market inflation risk relative to what you have in the slide? And can you also talk a little bit more about the drivers of the design and efficiency improvements and the risk there to the upside and the downside?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Hey, Brian. This is Jody. The slide 53 is one example of a well type in New Mexico. It's a 2nd Bone Spring 10,000-foot well. It's a three-string design, assumes 2,000 pounds per foot in the completion, includes everything, its hookup, flowback, first artificial lift, capitalized overhead, so it's an all-in capital cost. We see pressure on inflation, obviously. It's probably in the 5% range in the drilling area and more like 10% to 15% in the completion space. But with securing our resources in 2017, we're separating sand from pumping service and now with the startup of Aventine in 2018, we see our ability to offset and even drive down cost in an inflationary period. This is something we started a couple of years ago when we looked back at what really drove our improvements back then, and anticipating an inflationary cycle, what would we do different. So we focused on maintaining time to market, securing supply, securing resources, working the things that drive time to market because they're a much bigger part of the equation than just unit cost. And I could talk for a long time about Aventine, but there's a lot of things in place not just sand delivery but oil country tubular goods on rail instead of truck, the OxyChem hydrochloric acid facility, our work with Schlumberger there, a new sand delivery system for the last mile logistics that will drive down trucking and reduce the number of people required on location. So I'm just naming off a few. There's a long list of things that we believe continue to improve the cost structure, the capital intensity of our work in the unconventional business.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. And I know this is just one example, but are well cost reductions of this type of magnitude baked into the $1.9 billion capital budget for Permian Resources or would achievement lead to lower capital needs relative to that?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yes, we've baked in kind of flat from where we are today. So I think there's upside opportunity as we work through this next generation of technology. So some of those are in there that's in our flat assumption, but we're just getting started with Aventine.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. And then can you talk a little bit more about the six new benches you're planning to appraise in the Permian in 2018, and how the acreage you plan to evaluate compares to the new acreage that I think you said added 150 locations in 2017?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah, it's 1st Bone Spring, Avalon, 2nd Bone Spring Lower in New Mexico, 2nd Bone, 3rd Bone, Wolfcamp C and Greater Barilla Draw. Greater Barilla Draw is 50,000 net acres, so success in those other benches really gives you a lot of scale to work with.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Phil, could you hold just a second? We did have another comment from Ken, international.
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yes, just to follow on from Jody, on the international side, same drivers for us internationally, market forces and OXY in-house technology, we still see deflation continuing in drilling and completion arena at the moment, mainly because of the discipline of the NOCs and IOCs in this market, but also the entry of some new competition in the various product lines. We rolled out OXY Drilling Dynamics 3.0 at the start of 2018, we're making modifications to our drilling rig fleets and hardware, software and data analytics. If you look year-on-year in Oman North and in Colombia, we've reduced costs in Oman North by 12% and 26% in Colombia in these product lines. And if you look over the last three years for ourselves and our partners, we've saved over $420 million in the drilling and completion side and we're hoping that, that will continue this year.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Okay. Phil, good morning.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. First question coming back to capital spending, this year you're at $3.9 billion, which is towards the upper end of the range you had talked about previously of the $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion. Obviously, there's accelerating production growth that comes with that. But I guess I'm kind of wondering as we look ahead, Vicki, you've talked about a commitment to have a meaningful step down in CapEx in 2019 on the back of hitting the breakeven. So just want to get your latest thoughts on that. And you talked a bit about the various tradeoffs in your opening remarks, but is there a specific commitment you're thinking about or a roll-off of infrastructure spending or anything that will be driving CapEx materially lower next year?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Well, once we get to the breakeven plan, we're still going to go back to our original 5% to 8% growth. We're forecasting 8% to 12% this year but next year in 2019, we'll target the 5% to 8% growth. And targeting that growth with our dividend means that we'll certainly be able to reduce our CapEx below where it is today and back more toward the $3.4 billion to $3.45 billion range.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it.
Cedric W. Burgher - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Phil, this is Cedric. I would just add, as I said in my prepared remarks, once we complete the plan, we will be able to live within cash flow, including and cover the dividend, even as low as $40. And so part of the answer to your question depends on what the commodity price environment will be going into 2019. But we will have that ability even at low commodity prices to sustain our base and the dividend all within cash flow.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And if I could just ask maybe a clarification for my second question. There was a comment about higher international spend in 2019, and I heard some of the prepared remarks there, but what's the order of magnitude that would be baked into the $3.4 billion to $3.45 billion?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: So it wouldn't be significant, because what we have in Oman and some of the international operations are these shorter cycle projects that actually could  we could vary that. We can almost vary like we do the Permian in terms of picking up rigs and activity levels. Ken, did you have an additional comment on that?
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yes. Part of our focus this year is picking up on the exploration wells and step-out wells that we did last year. We've added 50 million barrels of net resource. Our goal is to call these up this year, get them online. So some of the capital in Colombia will go towards that.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. And then my second question is around the OpEx for the U.S. The guidance of $12.50 a barrel. It's a little bit higher than my model, not hugely so, but given that the incremental  the resources barrels are coming on I think at $2 to $3 per barrel that you've talked about in the past. And I think 4Q ended sub-$8 a barrel. So I'm just trying to understand maybe some of the moving pieces there, and if you have any color about where the EOR cost is given the higher oil price et cetera?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah, Phil. It's Jody. So in Resources, we exited fourth quarter with OpEx of $7.63. We expect operating expense in 2018 to be below $7, more like $6.75. We'll exit 2018 below $6. So that additional production growth will continue to drive down Resources OpEx. On the EOR side there's two components. The fundamental  the things we control on rig work and those kind of things is pretty flat. The two things that move with oil price, one is there's some CO2 contracts that are indexed to oil price, or part of the contract is indexed to oil price. So as oil price goes up, the cost of CO2 goes up. The other is we're injecting about almost 3% more CO2 this year in 2018 than we will in 2017. As you know we've started a new flood and we've expanded several others, and so that's consuming the CO2 on the front end, and obviously the production comes as you go through the lifecycle of those projects.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. So EOR is closer to $20 then per barrel?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah, I don't have the number right here in front of me. We'll get it to you.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Herrlin from Socit Gnrale. Please go ahead with your question.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Yeah. Hi. Thanks. Most everything's been covered. I was just curious about the EOR activity in Permian Resources, what you're expecting to get out of the wells by pursuing that. And then the other one is on the Aventine venture. Will this be your only joint venture? Like Schlumberger mentioned the joint venture on their call with you, or working with you, I was wondering are you going to do more of these corporate things to help manage costs in the future? That's it.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Sure. Be glad to talk about both. So the EOR work in the unconventional space, when you look at primary production, you're recovering 8%, 10% of the production. So there's a tremendous resource there. So the objective or the challenge is how can we increase that materially and do it economically. And so with either CO2 injection or miscible gas injection, both in the lab and in the trials in the field, we've demonstrated we can recover incremental oil. And it doesn't behave like the traditional conventional CO2 flood where you inject then you push oil to the producers and it's a long cycle project. The oil recovery is actually quite quick, so it has a short cycle nature to it. So the objective is to continue to do pilots and understand how we take it from pilot to full scale, and then how that affects development plans in the unconventional space going forward.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: So is this fracture or matrix porosity you're dealing with (54:04)?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Your matrix permeability is micro. It's not matrix. It's a function of the unconventional geology and whether you're in a sandstone or whether you're in a shale, so the behavior's different. That's all part of the learning that we'll talk about more as we're ready to disclose more of the details.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Great.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: With regard to Aventine, Aventine is multiple companies at that site. So Aventine is set up to support Greater New Mexico, all the way from Turkey Track and then our Greater Sand Dunes area. And so it's pumping service, it's oil country tubular goods, it's sand transload, sand delivery. It's a new sand last mile logistics system called SANDSTORM. It's the OxyChem ACL facility, and that's just where we're starting. With Schlumberger, it's frac, it's drilling tools, it's cementing, and it's providing logistics improvements by the location. In the Texas Delaware  so you treat each area based on what the current infrastructure is. In the Texas Delaware, it's really more about securing transload. And so we don't have the full scale buildout of an Aventine-like facility, but we have transload secured. It's closer to the regional sands in Texas. Our sand provider has a regional sand mine that will be opening shortly, and so we'll take advantage of that in the Texas Delaware. And in the Midland Basin, really, the infrastructure is pretty good; it's just really securing supply of sand. To give you just a couple of stats on the New Mexico impact, you think about the proximity of that to the well sites. It's a 60% reduction in the number of miles driven. You go from almost 20 million miles to 8 million miles. And then, when you put in the new SANDSTORM system that we're starting up this year, we can haul 27 tons of sand per load versus 22 tons. You do that math, that drives another 1.3 million miles out of the equation. So it's 33,000 fewer truckloads over a five-year period. It also reduces 9,000 metric tons of CO2. You think about accident statistics. It will improve our safety. And then, the new SANDSTORM system, that's really the last mile part of this, reduces the number of people required on-site, because of the automated nature of the way it works. So that SANDSTORM technology would apply both in New Mexico, Texas Delaware and Midland. And then, the logistics hub design and complexity varies as you move across those three areas as well.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James. Please go ahead with your question.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question. I know you don't generally give guidance by oil versus gas, but as we think about Permian Resources up 40-plus percent this year, is it going to be a broadly parallel increase between liquids and gas? So, in other words, the gas/oil ratio, is it going to remain broadly stable throughout the year?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah. Pavel, this is Jody. In 2017, our oil cuts were kind of on the 60%  right around 60% and it actually increases a little bit to 61% for total of 2018. So your mix stays about the same.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Helpful. And then, a quick one on Colombia. We've seen a lot of headlines, January in particular, about pipeline attacks affecting a number of the major fields in Colombia. To what extent is your Q1 international guidance affected by that?
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think the best way to answer is to look at our production last year. In Q1 2017  since Q1 2017, our production's remained steady quarter-by-quarter. That's thanks to a lot of work in the field and excellent collaboration with our partner Ecopetrol and the full support of the Colombian government, and we're planning to continue with the same approaches in 2018.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. But I guess how many BOE a day have you lost year-to-date, for example, in Colombia, if you can share that?
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think it's basically a variation on the answer I gave a moment ago. Our production from our areas is basically steady at the moment. And it's mainly as a result of the work that we've done with the government and with Ecopetrol. We're not seeing major impacts on our fields at the moment.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leo Mariani from NatAlliance Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC: Hey, guys. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the way you're sort of splitting up capital in the Permian Resources division this year, really between just Midland and Delaware. I don't know if I had this right, but I think I was seeing maybe roughly one rig in the Midland and 10 in the Delaware. Is that something you're going to sustain this year, or is that going to move around? Can you just kind of talk about that broadly in terms of how you're thinking about Permian Resources capital over the next couple years with those two sub basins?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah, you can kind of look at it two different ways, you can look at wells online, you can look at rig count. If you look at wells online, it's about 55% in New Mexico, 30% in the Texas Delaware, and about 15% of the wells in Midland. And that probably stays fairly consistent throughout the next couple of years. From a rig  we're running 11 rigs operated, again, that's about 6 in New Mexico, 4 in Texas Delaware and a rig or 2 in Midland, so I don't see that changing drastically. But again, we're continuing to develop inventory, learn new things. Turkey Track's a great example. We thought we had a single bench 2nd Bone Spring development there. Turns out we've got two. So as we learn more and we change how we think about our inventory, obviously, that could adjust. And I want to go back to Phil's question, he asked about OpEx and EOR. It's about $19 a barrel.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC: All right. And then maybe could you talk a little bit about plans for Oman Block 30? I think you guys recently signed that late last year. Are you starting to see incremental capital there in the budget in 2018? When can we start to see some incremental production? Is it going to be largely oil targets? I think you guys had mentioned gas potential as well in Oman. So kind of what can you say about that as it develops over time?
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah, I think as you can see from the map on slide 24, Block 30 fits perfectly into the Oman North jigsaw. There's currently three discovery wells on the block and two reservoirs that we're completely familiar with due to the work in the other blocks. We have the same approach internationally as we have domestically. The goal is value, not just driving up production. So the short-term plans are basically to reprocess the existing seismic on the block, come up with a development plan and start drilling probably towards the end of this year, and have some production next year. So relatively small amounts of capital invested this year, mainly study work and coming up with a value-based development plan.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC: All right. That's really helpful. And last thing you mentioned, portfolio management, $0.5 billion to $2 billion. I guess it's kind of an ongoing thing for you guys. Do you see anything on the horizon here in 2018 where you might look to sell down any of your assets or is that just something that's out there and might take several years?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Well, certainly for our core assets, we're satisfied with where we are. The only thing that we're continuing to do is look for things, assets that are way out in the inventory and the Permian. So things that we can't get to any time soon, and when I say soon that's like 10 to 15 years, or that's non-strategic for us, we would certainly consider to sell or monetize, anything that's non-core for us and, of course, we still have the Plains units that we can monetize.
Leo P. Mariani - NatAlliance Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: All right. Thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: So I want to thank you all for your questions, and I'd like to leave you with three takeaways from our call. First, we're ahead of schedule with our breakeven plan, but we're still focused on optimizing delivery across all of our businesses. And second, we're disciplined in our reinvestment and we'll provide additional security to our dividend through net debt reduction. Lastly, our expanded use of returns-based incentive metrics align our executive comp with shareholder priorities. So we're looking forward to the rest of 2018. Thank you for joining our call, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Jackson - VP, IR Vicki Hollub - CEO, President and Director  Joseph Elliott - SVP and President, Domestic Oil & Gas  Cedric Burgher - CFO Ken Dillon - President, International Oil and Gas Operations
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Douglas Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Philip Gresh - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Richard Jackson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Richard Jackson: Thank you, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jody Elliott, President of Domestic Oil and Gas; Ken Dillon, President of International Oil and Gas Operations; and BJ Aber, President of OxyChem. And just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our third quarter 2017 earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules and our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com. I will now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Richard and good morning, everyone. Before I get started on our third quarter results, I'd like to take the time to think and express my appreciation to our entire Oxy family in prevailing through Hurricane Harvey. We had hundreds of family members that were displaced due to the storm or experienced serious damage to their homes and personal possessions. Even in the face of this destruction, we were able to operate one of our assets safely and we have returned our business to normal operating rates. The teamwork across our organization was incredible. Oxy employers that were need of assistance received help from all parts of our organization from the Permian and chemical sites throughout the U.S., through our international employees who provided assistance from the Middle East and Colombia. I have never seen such unity among all of the parts of our organization and from our retirees. This storm was devastating to our Texas Gulf Coast community, but our organization was prepared for the storm and its aftermath. The financial impact would have been weighted without our team's efforts to enact our business continuity plans and manage the business during and after the storm. Times like this made me really proud to be part of this organization. I will now share some third quarter highlights on Slide 5, and then I'll provide an update on our progress towards our cash flow breakeven plan. Let's start with our most recent well result. While I don't want to steal this thunder from Jody, we've had some real exciting results in Southeast New Mexico. We attribute these new basin-leading well results through our value-based development approach. We're confident in our ability to sustain these results as well as in our ability to reach and surpass our breakeven growth targets of 80,000 BOE per day in Permian Resources.  I'd also like to highlight the improvements we've made to our Seminole-San Andres CO2 unit. Since acquiring the asset in August, we've been able to increase our throughput capacity of the plant by 10%, which has enabled us to increase gross production by 2,300 BOE per day. We not only got a great asset, we got great people as well. Their integration into our plant and field operations teams has created the strong group that is already ahead of our plan. And I can assure you, the leaders of our field and plant teams don't set easy targets. Those teams are energized and performing at a very high level. Despite the impact of Harvey, chemicals had a strong quarter, generating $200 million in segment income. We received our first dividend from the Ingleside Ethylene Cracker JV, and our team continues to capture additional margin along the chloro vinyl chain. We expect this trend to continue due to improving industry fundamentals as well as a tighter supply market in the near term due to Hurricane Harvey. Turning to Slide 6. As I mentioned in last quarter's call, we will include this slide each quarter to update you on our progress towards our goal of cash flow neutrality at $40 WTI and breakeven at $50 WTI. This means we'll cover the dividend and the production sustaining capital within operating cash flow at $40 WTI, and at $50 WTI we'll be able to generate 5% to 8% production growth.  As you might expect from Harvey negatively impacted our progress for the quarter. Even since so, all of our assets and teams showed progress towards their targets. Slide 7 illustrates this progress. We have included the annualized cash flow impact of $200 million for Harvey in the first gray column. This cash flow impact is a one-time event. And as I just mentioned, in the chemicals business, we received our first dividend payment of $55 million from our Ingleside Cracker JV. This included catchup for the prior quarter. We expect the ongoing quarterly dividend to average $30 million to $40 million. The remainder of chemicals target will be able to achieve that after the 4CPe repurchase plan comes online in the fourth quarter of this year.  In the midstream business, we benefited from a wider Midland to Gulf Coast spreads, averaging $2.61 per barrel during the quarter. This exceeded our expectations. The segment has achieved over $200 million in annualized cash flow improvement. Additional milestones to achieve our midstream target of $300 million included the Al Hosn expansion and maximizing throughput at our Ingleside Crude Terminal. In the Permian Resources business, we grew 1,000 BOE pretty sequentially, net of the 4,200 BOE per day that we divested as of August 1. We expect our growth rate to increase substantially in the coming quarters as we have accelerated our activity. Jody will give additional guidance on the timing of new wells coming online.  Finally, with respect to the improvements beyond our initial plan, the chemicals in the EOR businesses are experiencing operational end market improvements. Chemicals continue to capitalize on a strong pricing environment. Caustic soda prices, the primary profitability driver, have increased by approximately 14% since the first quarter of 2017. This price improvement equates to $120 million in annualized cash flow improvement.  In the EOR business, we'll continue to improve the operations of the Seminole-San Andres CO2 unit, and expect to achieve the cost reductions of $5 to $10 per BOE that we previously mentioned. We are pleased with the progress we've made and we'll continue to communicate incremental progress towards our pathway to breakeven. My final slide quantifies the liquidity we have available to fund the gap between cash flow from operations and the capital needed to achieve our goal. I'd like to remind you that our preliminary capital budget for 2018 is in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion as presented in Slide 8.  At the end of the third quarter, we had $1.8 billion of cash as well as PAGP units with a market value of approximately $600 million. Since WTI has averaged closer to $50 during 2017, we added an additional bullet to this slide to how a smaller cash modems that of less than $2 billion. We plan to manage our portfolio to contribute an additional $500 million to ensure we bridge the cash gap if prices average $40 through 2018. So to be clear, even with an average oil price of $40 versus 2018, we have sufficient cash and liquidity to cover sustaining capital and the dividend while also funding our path to our $50 breakeven at WTI price. I'll now turn the call over to Cedric Burgher.
Cedric Burgher: Thanks, Vicki. Jody will cover our step-change in a in Permian well results, so I will address financial address updated guidance. We present our third quarter results on Slide 10, and I'd like to start recovering on a production results.  Total reported an ongoing production was 600,000 BOEs per day, which came in at the low end of our guidance range. Reported production was impacted by Hurricane Harvey, also third-party downtime in Columbia in the Middle East and downtime at the Permian EOR plant. The Permian Resources production came in within our guidance range at 139,000 BOEs per day despite losing about 1,000 BOEs per day from the impacts of Hurricane Harvey. Permian and EOR production was 150,000 BOEs per day at the end -- at the high-end of our guidance range. Higher Permian EOR volumes sequentially reflect the successful integration of the Seminole-San Andres CO2 unit, and we expect to capture additional production volumes with the increased gas plant throughput. International production came in at 303,000 BOEs per day, which included the highest quarterly production rate at Al Hosn Gas of 76,000 BOEs per day. Third quarter reported EPS was $0.25 per share and core EPS was $0.18. Quarterly EPS improved sequentially despite the impacts of Hurricane Harvey. Improvements in the oil and gas segment were mainly attributed to lower operating cost of $0.61 per BOE and to higher NGL prices by $1.83 per BOE.  Domestic operating costs for the quarter were $13.23 per BOE versus $13.55 in the second quarter, and they continue to stream lower. Permian Resources operating costs have averaged 3% lower year-to-date versus the 2016 average, and we expect these cost to trend lower with our production ramp-up. Operating cash flow improved sequentially as well to nearly $1.1 billion. The improvements to operating cash flow where maybe attributed to incorporation of the Seminole-San Andres CO2 unit in the Permian EOR as well as receipt for cash distributions from the ethylene cracker joint venture.  We spent approximately $950 million our capital program during the third quarter, and we expect to spend roughly $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter with total year capital spend expected to be at all our $3.6 billion capital budget. Additionally, we expect to come in at the midpoint of our previously stated $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion capital range for the Permian Resources in 2017. With respect to our effective tax rate, the lower Q3 rate was mostly driven by our international assets. There are 2 primary reasons here. First, in Qatar, we were able to reduce operating costs by approximately $20 million -- and our production sharing contract allowed us to take 100% of that savings to the bottom line without additional tax. Second, we are recovering an additional $11 million related to our former business in Iraq with no associated foreign tax. In addition to those items, there were some smaller domestic items, which had some benefit in the net benefit in the quarter. OxyChem's third quarter earnings of $200 million were better-than-expected considering the $60 million impact of Hurricane Harvey. Favorable pricing and plan operations and lower raw material costs prior to the hurricane partially offset the negative impact the storm had on chloro vinyl production and plant maintenance.  We have updated several slides on our chemicals business in the appendix, including additional information on the 4CPe plant which will come online during the fourth quarter.  Midstream's third quarter came in within our guidance range excluding the impact of Hurricane Harvey and lower equity income from our investment in the planes pipeline. The business experienced exceptional performance during Harvey and achieved the highest monthly loading rates at our oil terminal in September. We included additional information on our Midstream business in the appendix as well, including a slide with our outlook for Midland to Gulf Coast spreads.  On Slide 11, you can see that we continue to have ample liquidity to fund our breakeven plan with a cash balance of $1.8 billion. While our cash flow from operations is currently at a deficit to our capital expenditures and dividends, we expect this gap to narrow in the coming quarters and to be on balance by the end of 2018 at $50 WTI while our assets are generation -- generating production growth.  Let me reiterate what Vicki said in regards to liquidity. We forecast our cash deficit to be less than $200 million through the completion of our plan, assuming average WTI prices of $50.  Furthermore, our business is approximately 50% exposed to the Brent benchmark, which gives us additional support if that spread continues to hold at current levels. We have provided updated guidance on Slide 12. We have maintained the bottom end of our full year 2017 ongoing production guidance at 597,000 BOEs per day while lowering the top end of our guidance to 599,000 BOEs per day. Our updated full year guidance reflects actual third quarter production results and accounts for items particularly to the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter, we will carry out the Seminole-San Andres planned turnaround to further optimize operations, and EOR will be impacted by a planned third-party pipeline maintenance activity. Jody will cover our improved visibility on our fourth quarter ramp-up and exit rate with information on our new wells and drilling progress.  Given the improved results in the Greater Sand Dunes development area, we are excited by the trajectory of production heading into 2018. Permian Resources total year production guidance has been narrowed to 141,000 to 144,000 BOEs per day. We expect fourth quarter production in Permian Resources to be approximately 30% higher than fourth quarter 2016.  My final point on our oil and gas segment is that we have lowered our annual domestic OpEx guidance from approximately $14 per BOE to $13.50 per BOE as these costs are trending lower due to our highly -- productive wells. Moving on to other areas of our business. Fourth quarter guidance for chemicals is $190 million, which accounts for the seasonality in the business, is due to lower construction activity. Midstream is expected to generate more income sequentially in the range of $60 million to $80 million. The business expects to benefit from wider Midland to Gulf Coast marketing spreads as well as wider Gulf Coast to Brent spreads, which enhances our export margins. Lastly, I would like to remind you of our commitment to our returns-focused strategy. Last quarter, we told you that we will be increasing the amount of compensation that is tied to returns or return on capital employed metrics. Our minimum hurdle rates are 15% after-tax in the United States and 20% internationally, which we believe will result in leading full cycle returns for our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Jody.
Joseph Elliott: Thank you, Cedric, and good morning, everyone. And thank you, Vicki for your restraint during your opening highlights on our well results in the Permian. Thanks to our team's efforts, we had some basin-leading well results to share with you. Across our domestic business, we're delivering more production with less cost to generate growth and value towards our breakeven plan. As Vicki mentioned, we attribute this success to our differentiated value-based development approach. Our Permian Resources New Mexico team delivered record-breaking well results across multiple benches in the Greater Sand Dunes area as shown on Slide 14. During the quarter, our team put on a total of 7 wells in the Greater Sand Dunes area with 30-day production rates that averaged approximately 3,750 BOE per day. 3 of these wells ranked in the top 15 all-time best wells in the Permian basin based on 30-day BOE per day.  Our Cedar Canyon 23 24 Fed 32H achieved a peak rate of 6,497 barrels of oil equivalent which is the highest 24-hour peak rate recorded in the Permian Basin. These record results span to second Bone Spring, the third Bone Spring and the Wolfcamp X-Y, which makes the Greater Sand Dunes area extremely attractive from a full-cycle returns perspective. Our engineered approach gives us confidence in the repeatability of these results across the 2,000 remaining undeveloped locations in the Greater Sand Dunes area. We've not yet incorporated this improvement into our Permian Resources inventory counts, but we expect to breakevens to improve by $5 to $10 in the Greater Sand Dunes area. While the focus of Slide 14 is our Greater Sand Dunes develop area, our Texas Delaware team also delivered Oxy record wells in the Wolfcamp B, and the second Bone Spring and our Greater Barilla Draw area, which are highlighted in our appendix on Slide 27.  Our step-change and well performance as a result of ongoing subsurface characterization and customized well designs to maximize the potential of our plate-leading asset. In fact, our teams are studying results from surveillance to make additional improvements across the basin. In addition to these stellar productivity results, we saw improvements on the cost side. OpEx decreased 7% from a year ago to $7.61 per BOE during the quarter, and well costs continue to trend approximately flat as operating efficiencies and offset inflationary pressure from service and materials providers. On Slide 15, we provide visibility on the timing of wells online for our production ramp over the next 3 quarters. As a reminder, we added 4 Permian Resources rigs very late in the second quarter. We'll begin to place the majority of the segmental wells online in the fourth quarter with peak rates reach late in the year and into the first quarter. We'll also shift more activity to Greater Sand Dunes, increasing wells online in the second quarter of '18 to 26 from the 7 in the current quarter. We'll ship 1 to 2 rigs to the Greater Sand Dunes area at the beginning of 2018, while maintaining a total of 11 operated rigs.  Our Permian Resources production in the third quarter grew modestly due to divestitures and third-party impacts from Hurricane Harvey. We expect to see strong growth in the fourth quarter and into 2018 that will generate the cash flow that Oxy needs for the breakeven unit plan.  As well results continue to improve and the number of new wells on production increase, we're extremely confident in our ability to deliver on Oxy's cash flow breakeven plan. The plan we have laid out will result in a growth rate above 30% in 2018.  Finally, I'd like to speak to the immediate success we've had in capturing value from our EOR acquisition. We became operator of the Seminole-San Andres unit on September 1, and have applied our technical know-how to achieve operational improvements. By optimizing the CO2 throughput of the plant, our team increased the field's production by 2,300-gross BOEs per day. This was 1 component of our operating cost improvement plan, and we're confident in further improvements in our plan to achieve $5 to $10 per BOE and OpEx reduction. Our newly-integrated team is energized with innovative ideas to continue to improve the asset.  I'll now turn the call back to Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jody. Now I'd like to update you on a change we've made to our leadership team. Rob Peterson, who had served as President of OxyChem since August of 2014, was appointed Business Area Director in our Permian EOR business in mid-September this year. Rob did an exceptional job in Chemicals, but I'd know this I noticed that he also provided great input during our strategic meetings. So we felt that it will be beneficial for the company and for Rob to have them to spend some time in our EOR business. Rob was instrumental in OxyChem's success, and we anticipate to staying positive impact within EOR and oil and gas. Rob holds a Bachelor's Degree in the Chemical Engineering and an MBA in Corporate Finance from the University of Florida.  Rob was replaced by BJ Hebert who is on the call with us today. BJ is now President of OxyChem. BJ joined OxyChem in 1991 from Vista Chemicals, and has 30-plus years of industry experience. He knows the chemicals business exceptionally well, and brings a wealth of strategic insight and passion for safety, environmental stewardship and success. BJ's most recent role was Senior Vice President of Basic Chemicals, and he was previously Vice President and General Manager of Oxley vinyls. BJ holds a Bachelors Degree in Chemical Engineering from Merkley State University, and an MBA from Southend Methodist University. I'd like to close by reiterating the timeline for achieving our production growth targets. We expect to add the 80,000 BOE per day by the end of 2018. We are excited about the trajectory of production growth in the upcoming quarters, which will begin with a large rampup of Permian Resources well completions in the fourth quarter and the step-change in well results to materially derisk the timeline for achieving the 80,000 BOE per day. Our teams are focused across our organization to meet and exceed our plan targets in the oil and gas, chemicals and midstream businesses. And finally, we ended the quarter with ample cash on the balance sheet and have liquidity to fully fund our plan while paying the growing dividend.  We'll now open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio: My first question is -- you planned to support the 5% to 8% growth at 50 and funded yield at 40 -- is well understood. How does the higher oil price factoring the model? Meaning, do you use excess cash flow to accelerate the timing to reach our model via permitting resources growth? Or do you return cash to shareholders or further bolster the cash bridge to the model? How does that -- if we could talk to those pieces, if you could.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Specifically, the plan is for us in 2018 to lock into our capital plan of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion. We plan to present the final numbers to our board in December and get approval for the plan for 2018. Then we'll update you on what those specifics are. So we'll be outspending cash flow again but as we said, we had the liquidity to get there. Once we achieved the milestone of breakeven at $50, any excess cash that we have a beyond that really depends on what the situation is. But our cash flow priorities are always to pay our maintenance capital first, followed by dividend. And in today's world, with the opportunities we have for organic growth -- the organic growth is our third priority. Beyond that, it would be acquisitions and the share repurchases. So we always, when we have excess cash, we want to make sure that we assess the situation and the opportunities to make the best decision to deliver value to the shareholders.
Evan Calio: And second, if I could, the Greater Sand Dunes' performance is really the highlight of the quarter. Could you maybe walk us through what specifically is driving the step-change improvement in well performance? And are there any costs associated with improvements, targeting and subsurface -- is there -- any color there would be helpful.
Joseph Elliott: Evan, good morning, this is Jody. You hit the high points there. It's really about improve subsurface characterization, which is leading us to better targeting wells to maximize kind of the value recovery from these assets. So it's a culmination of what we've been talking about for a long time -- value-based development, but that again leads to better targeting, better assimilation designs. And what's interesting in these well results is that the sand-loading for these wells is below what you probably find on average in the industry. So from a capital efficiency standpoint, I think that -- it argues even more how confident we are about this growth plan and how much cash we can contribute to the breakeven plan that Vicki has outlined.
Evan Calio: Maybe just as a follow-up, if I could. I mean how representative do expect these results are across your 2,000 locations -- while it might be early, any thoughts there?
Joseph Elliott: We think it's very representative. We continue to do appraisal work in other areas of Greater Sand Dunes. What's also exciting about this as is it's across 3 benches, not just 1 bench. I think the other color is -- this is done in an area that's more of a brownfield development, where there are legacy wells that we're having to manage -- offset wells and shut-in wells to avoid implications. As we move into 2018, we move into more of a greenfield area. We're able to take advantage of the latest generation of our field development plan and we're really excited about that, because it includes the startup of Advent team, which will help drive more capital efficiency, rig rates, our legacy rig rates rollup in the market, the field development plan at Sand Dunes is -- and we've got a central tank battery facility with water recycle. Most of the fluids that are being handled there will be on pipe. It's 4-well pad and 6-well pad development -- that includes the ability for us to do simultaneous operations of drilled, complete and produced. And so we believe these well results extend across that inventory and that we're set up for even better capital efficiency with the new field development plan.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate: I guess the focus again is on Greater Sand Dunes well results. I wonder, Vicki, if you could help us understand what's changed as it relates to the timeline of your 80,000 BOE per day target? The wells are clearly substantially better than what you are expecting when you set that target, but you're still talking about a year end 2018 type of cadence. Are you just being conservative there, or is there reason why you're sticking with that timeline? And I've got a follow-up, please.
Vicki Hollub: No. We may achieve the 80,000 a day earlier than the end of 2018, but there are other drivers like our Al Hosn expansion, our export facility where we are trying to ensure that we're at the full capacity there -- those may take place later in the year. So the timeframe is really intended to capture the point of which all of our improvements are fully in place and to ensure sustainability that we have full margins and that those full margins are being realized for the entire quarter.
Douglas Leggate: And just to be clear on one of the slides Jody spoke to, you know I believe it is a repeatable, I guess you would never really given this as a tight curve but these results are repeatable across the 2,000 location?
Vicki Hollub: Yes, we definitely believe that. We just sat through over the last couple of days some reviews of how they're doing this technically. And it's very impressive work. There's no reason for us to believe that this is not sustainable. In fact -- the fact that we have 3D seismic and can take that seismic, tie to the performance that we're seeing -- and now we are deploying where we can predict what the wells will do end where we need to drill. So this is really a breakthrough for us, and I think we're all really excited about.
Douglas Leggate: We got to see the upclose and a few weeks ago in the field, so thanks, again for that, guys. My follow-up I guess is on portfolio management, Vicki, that -- just eyeballing the chart on the $40 breakeven, which obviously is under bear case, it still implies that you've got a couple of plus-billion dollars of assets sales planned. Does that happen regardless of the commodity backdrop? And if so, just quantify, quantify what you're thinking process the key parts of those -- of that monetization, and I'll leave it there.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. So we've always said or have said most recently that at some point we'll monetize the plains unit. We will do that at some point but we want to pick the appropriate time to do it. Secondly, whatever environment, it really makes sense for us to continue to optimize our portfolio. And because of this huge position that we have in the Permian Basin, what we want to do first -- our highest priority is to swap acreage because we've had a lot of success blocking the development areas that we have, and we're really happy with that we develop in areas. So the more trading that we can do rather than outright sales is preferred. However, there are some acreage at the tail end of our portfolio that in any environment, we would sell.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey: Vicki, if I could ask simply a follow-up so early in the call, but could you go back to the idea that Evan had -- what happens given the oil prices above $50, I think you really answer that in the context of 2018 CapEx kind of being at a relatively fixed level. Can you go beyond that and talk about -- I think the longer-term investment case for Oxy that maybe you go the dividend of 5% to 8% a year off the base that you've got now of about 4.6%, that would get even to double-digit returns and conceivably, that would be a $50 assuming you made your plan, at which seems to be making. Could you talk to that and whether or not you see that as that is the investment case for Oxy.
Vicki Hollub: I think that's a strong investment case for us. It is, as I mentioned -- the maintenance capital is the highest priority, but our second highest priority is the dividend and we continue to do that. We've come as you know, during this downturn, we haven't been able to return to what we were able to do historically, because over the past 15 years, we've more than doubled the S&P growth rates with our dividend growth rate. Going forward, we want to get that back to a meaningful growth and that will be consistent with our production growth.
Paul Sankey: And then the second follow-up is it sounds a few disposals in acquisitions are going to be pretty neutral to 0, because it will mostly be about swapping and that there's no major portfolio moves to be made -- again, thinking long term.
Vicki Hollub: There are no major ones, so just optimization of the tail-end.
Paul Sankey: Okay, I get that. And finally, this is a little bit of a negative, but on a trailing basis -- I know the near new results are great, do you still -- perhaps, a little bit behind the rest of the industry in terms of your Permian performance. Do you see that as having been may be a slow adoption in new technologies, that the history of the company in terms of being -- growth by M&A? Or is it something about your acreage which I know is very extensive? What would you characterize this way you've been and what language you achieve can see this rapid improvement in result?
Vicki Hollub: Well, it's certainly not the acreage. We have great acreage and -- I think part of it is that our team, we have over the past few years, we've changed our resources business significantly. And what we've been able to do is put the right people, the right leadership in place to approach this in the right way. And so now we're more value-based in terms of how we're doing our resources business, and we've made a breakthrough really taking all the acreage we have, all the information that we have from all of our offset -- operator wells, our outside operated, our offset competitors.  We've taken all of that and we've started to apply not only data analytics, but we're applying a more sophisticated subsurface characterization than we have done in the past because honestly, for shale plays, some people initially in the early stages of shale plays thought they were statistical. But clearly, developing shale place in my view requires a lot more science than some of our conventional rest of us. And I think until you get to the point where you realize what you need to do and how you need to do it and what parameters really matter, I think that you can do struggle with that. But we're to the point now where we've done the work, the right work -- and that analytics had the help with that, but just the massive amount of data that we have, we've been able to achieve a breakthrough in terms of what parameters really matter the most, and that's going into our evaluations now. And also the other thing that sets us apart, I believe, from some others is that we are taking our development plan, we're using integrated planning and doing field by field development plans so that we maximize its value. We don't go far, although you heard us talk about initial rates and third end the rates from a really 30-day rates, really that's not the target for us. We're just trying to give you a measure of how good these wells really are. But the target for us is to optimize the value of the full field development. And you really need to focus on initial rates from 30-day rates to do that. But what you need to do is focus on how you build your infrastructure out, how do you pace your development to ensure that you're maximizing the value of the reserves.
Operator: The next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan.
Philip Gresh: My first question, I guess, would be a follow-up to Paul's -- maybe ask it at a slightly different way. On Slide 6, where you break out your dividends, your sustaining capital, your growth capital, with all the improvement you've been talking about here in well results. I guess I'm wondering if the underlying required capital from sustaining basis or from a growth basis to hit the 5% to 8%, on longer-term basis, do you think that has a possibility of changing?
Vicki Hollub: I think the more we learn about what we have and the more efficient we get, I think there is a possibility that, that could come down.
Philip Gresh: Right, okay. My second question would be -- if I go into your appendix, Slide 48, where you're talking about the chemicals cash flows, you are implying that nearly -- the CFO can be nearly $1.5 billion on a normalized basis. And I guess I was a little surprised by that because I traditionally saw that pretax income for chemicals an annual basis to be maybe $1 billion, the tax effect that add back to the DD&A and you kind of get back to right around $1 billion. So is there something structurally different with the business? Or is there some other kind of cash flow effect there with respect to taxes or something else that drive the higher cash flow?
Cedric Burgher: Yes, Phil, this is Cedric. I'm going to take a part of that, and then I'm going to ask BJ to come in for the other part. But there is something I guess people caught by surprise and that is some of the nuances with our tax position. But the income generated in chemicals is taxable, of course, but because we are integrated with the other parts of the business, we have domestic losses that are able to offset that. So we have been enjoying a very low, basically no tax position for some time in the chemicals business. We anticipate this situation to continue for some time at the current commodity price levels. So you've got a number of commodifies in play here, you've got the caustic soda prices obviously benefiting. The chemicals business as well as the oil and gas prices affecting the other parts of the business. So all that comes into play when you think about looking out and projecting your tax. But at the current levels, we think we've got sufficient tax losses to offset the chemicals income for the projected time period that we've given you. And then, BJ, do you want to address the other piece?
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure. Good morning, Phil. This is BJ of our picker talking about chemicals continues to be positive in the market. And from a cash flow standpoint, obviously, there are step-changes with both the cracker and the 4CPe plan that's going to come online. But just from a fundamental standpoint, they're very positive, especially for costs I think you talked about that caustic prices were up 14% since the first quarter to the third quarter. And that was being driven by the fundamentals well before Harvey, and even after Harvey, it's tightened a little bit further. But when you look for a globally, we think the fundamentals are pretty strong for us when you look at the main driver for caustic remain -- consumption for caustic is in the aluminium industry, which is growing 5% to 6% per year. You have capacity coming down in Europe. And so when you look at all that in total, it's pretty strong from a fundamentals standpoint. So that's really what's driving the earnings.
Cedric Burgher: This is Cedric again. And I want to mention one thing just because it's related. I really perhaps didn't give it due, in my prepared remarks, about our effective tax rate. But what was really cool about that this last quarter was in part, in large part, it was reflecting the operational improvements in cost reductions we've made in the international side of our business. And so Ken Dillon's with us -- and I feel like -- to ask him to just add a few comments about those cost reductions and the improvements we've made internationally.
Ken Dillon: Phil, this is really a strong story in capital. Field OpEx as at the 7-year low now and it's been driven down by 6% to 8% since 2013. We're the lowest cost operator in country with the best-in-class performance. With our partner QP, we have worked the expense. We've been collaborative in logistics, including shared services, for example, work boots, lift boats and helicopters. And then on the technical side, we upgraded compressive bundles dry gas sales systems, to state-of-the-art improved reliability, performance and costs. We've also rolled out obviously less bleeding to improvements in the ESP run life. And lastly, and not the least, our supply chain team have been very successful in negotiating reductions in contracts of up to 27% for next year. Overall, it's a really strong team monthly performance and a really great partnership.
Philip Gresh: And then just one last one, Cedric. On the foreign extreme tax rate, your guidance remains 55%, but you've been coming in well below that for the year-to-date, it's in the low 40s, at least on the foreign upstream side. So is that sustainable, or is there something you need to be going on there?
Cedric Burgher: Well, we haven't adjusted the guidance because there were some were some more or less one-time items via rock lifting, I mentioned in the call -- our prepared remarks -- excuse me, but so that obviously would it be something that we would expect to recur. But of course, we did that, that in the first quarter also. But I really don't see much upside there. But on the operational improvements, we hope and expect that it will continue to improve their but we've not baked that into our guidance so there is some upside there.
Operator: The next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons.
Guy Baber: So I wanted to start on the CapEx side, but with the visibility of delivering the cash flow piece of your breakeven plan improving here, maybe we can talk a little bit about the capital spending side. But you're highlighting the sustaining CapEx of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion going forward. I wanted to talk about how the capital intensity of your international upstream businesses is evolving in particular -- given the changes in your asset base over the last few years, given deflationary pressures and some of the cost reductions that you've highlighted in Qatar, for example, but just curious if you have an estimate of where your international SND might be trending and the degree towards that has improved over the last few years.
Vicki Hollub: We are seeing improvements. We have seen over the past couple of years continued improvements in what we're doing in the international operations and in particular, in the Middle East. What we're seeing there is as you may have remembered, we required 3D seismic all over our blocks 9 and 27, so we have one of the largest onshore 3D surveys in the world. And we're using that survey to successfully drill wells that they virgin pressure in the field that we discovered a long time ago, 30 -- 35 years ago. And that's really helping us because when you can drill wells in a field that already has infrastructure, that helps you to start to drive down your F&D. We have some other opportunities, and I'm going to throw it over to Ken to provide you more detail on what we're doing there.
Ken Dillon: Good morning. As you know, we've changed very much over the last few years instead of the large megaprojects or efforts this year, very much focused area similar to Permian. We've loves drilling program at Middle East and then Columbia. And we rolled out Oxy drilling dynamics across the whole region now. What we're seeing is, for example, in Oman North, we've seen a 12% improvement in foot per day, and an 11% reduction in cost per foot, which essentially drives lower F&D costs throughout the region. We just rolled out the same system in Qatar, and we've almost immediately seen a 6% improvement in dollars per foot, and a 7% improvement in feet per day. In terms of using the 3D seismic that we have across Oman, what we're seeing a similar results to Pearman, where our IPs are [indiscernible] than planned, 20% across the whole of international. Basically, we're drilling fewer wells, more productive wells for less capital.
Guy Baber: And then my follow-up is on the U.S., the 4Q production growth in Permian Resources trajectory into 2018 is obviously impressive. So with the meaningful increase in the number of resource flows as you're bringing online especially in New Mexico, given some of the tightness of the labor market we're hearing about, logistical issues, tightness with services we've seen from others. Can you -- just discuss the confidence and the timing of your planned ramp that you've laid out and how your mitigating some of those risks regarding the timing of the delivery there, given what we've heard from some other operators? And then may be specific comment on 4Q. The guidance range is wide there. Can you just maybe want to talk about what went to get to the lower end or the higher end of that guidance. What the sensitivities are there?
Joseph Elliott: Hey, Guy, this is Jody. I appreciate the question. This is strong guidance in the fourth quarter and there's kind of 2 catalysts there. Obviously one is the step-change in well results. There's been a significant improvement there. We're taking advantage of those development plans, utilizing 3D seismic, as Vicki outlined -- with respect to how we land the wells and how we stimulate them. The second part of this is the cadence of the wells also online. So as I said in my opening comments there, we added rigs late in the second quarter. We'll start seeing those wells come in and as we enter 4Q and go into the first quarter and as you can see on the chart there, that the well counts are also going up significantly. So there's a couple of aspects there that drive why the range is wide. One is, where you're putting the 3,500 barrel-a-day wells. Those wells take some time to reach peak production, and so when you have that many wells with that kind of the spread and production rate, depending on how -- when the well comes on the 1st of December or the 15th of December can make a big difference in what that quietly production rate this. To me, it's about the trajectory -- the trajectory, fourth quarter, first quarter, second quarter that we have a lot of confidence in. The other aspect is pad drilling. Year-to-date, we're probably 80% pad drilling, but we anticipate that going -- up to about 95% as we end the year and go into 2018, as I spoke about the field development plants. So good well results, pad drilling, ramp-up of number one well online, those are all really positive but that makes guidance in a single quarter a little more difficult. The second part of your question or one part of your question was around risk mitigation? So pad drilling, the way we do modular-based development. The well designs are very similar from module 1 to module 2. And so it's very repeatable. You have crews that get into a learning curve. Remember, we haven't ramped significantly. We're at a 11 operated rigs, we believe it's well within our headlights and the capability, we have for frac cores that continue to do work with us in repeatable activities. One of the risk mitigation techniques we employ is utilizing spudder rigs and rigs, right? Where you spud a rigs to set surface casing in many cases where it makes sense. And in other cases, we use batch rigs to set intermediate pipes. So if you set all your intermediate casing strings before you do your laterals, it derisks, if you want to call it a train wreck or a problem in one of those wells, you've derisked that because you've taken it out of the critical path timeline. So that's one example. There's a number of things we're doing on the supply side, on the cost side. Our logistics hub in New Mexico comes online, and that derisk supply. So I appreciate the question, Guy.
Operator: Next question is from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: When we look at the Slide 15, it's definitely noteworthy the increase in lateral length that you've achieved and are expected to achieve getting to 8,500 repeat on average in the first half of 2018 in the Permian. And I wonder if you could talk about the longevity of your inventory of 8,500-plus foot lateral length wells, and going into the earlier commentary on swaps here, swap there, at what point you would look for more meaningful opportunity or need to exit swap or add to your permanent position to bolster that continuity?
Joseph Elliott: Yes, Brian, we've had -- last year, I think in the past, we said we did about 10,000 acres of trade swaps in 2016. In the slides, you see we've done already 13,000 acres this year to continue to core up. There's energy in the industry to do that, people recognize the value of scale and being able to drill longer laterals. So we have a good inventory of wells that are in the low natural category. And again, I go back to the value-based development. It's part of that process. There's a subsurface process.  There's a commercial process, there is an execution planning process, but there's also a land process that goes with that. You could go chase production, but if you're not set up to do the longer laterals and spend the time to work your land position hard, then it's going to be the potential risk to overcapitalize and not deliver the rates of returns, which will lead to the return on capital employed that we're were driving for. So it's all wrapped up into that process. But we've had a lot of good land trades this year, and that gives us confidence about continuing to be able to drill longer lateral.
Cedric Burgher: I guess to sum on this topic, when we would think about what needed for multiyear growth plans assuming $50 oil, and assume you've got to seminary piece, normal course land spud, would you have the inventory of 8,500-plus foot lateral length to support that ramp where we'd see these bars continue to go flat to go up to the right?
Joseph Elliott: Yes. I mean, we're confident of these core long land positions have long lateral inventory deep. But remember, that's just one piece of the value based development approach. We continue to lower cost, we continue to drive well efficiency. There are places that -- again, you can see what our lateral length has done down over time not just in the inventory but the actual results. now we updated our inventory last quarter. Our average inventory and this is in the less-than-$50 category more -- went from 8,400 to 8,600 feet. So all of these steps we take continue to drive better returns at the end of the day.
Brian Singer: And then shifting internationally can we have talk about some of the wells collective an impairment that you're seeing, I wondered to what degree that international is competing more per capital, or whether these productivity and the improvements or efficiency improvements just minute -- essentially repatriate have more capital available for us debt paydown or to shift to the U.S.?
Vicki Hollub: Well, we're definitely not opportunity-limited in what we're seeing in international. And it really will depend on what adds the most value. As we get to the point where we have cash above and beyond our 5% to 8% growth that we've set as a target, we'll look at the opportunities and see what we can do. But I'm really excited about what we're seeing internationally.
Operator: Our last question comes from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI.
Douglas Terreson: I had a capital management question as well and specifically, during the past year or so, several of your competitors, they changed their direction and in some cases, they extended production guidance -- just to demonstrate returns and value creation. And then they pledge to distribute increased cash flow to shareholders over the next five years and they were obviously awarded the stock market. So while there was plenty of commentary on growth today, the obvious question is, why not more parameters or frames for return of capital? Meaning, Cedric was pretty clear about to the commitment to return, and I think Vicki was, too. But is there a reason that pathways that free cash for the return on capital are not provided for an extended period and I asked because he clearly, it looks like your economics are improving, so it appears return probably improving normalize to or you guys I think that the returns so far will take care of itself as increases. So I guess the question is -- I just want to get you guys to comment on how you think about the importance of returns and the balance between growth and return. So if you could do that, that would be appreciated.
Vicki Hollub: Okay, I do not want to say this in a negative way but our history points to the fact that return on capital employed has been a very important metric to us for the last 20 years. And we have a track record that shows that, that's -- we make investment decisions on that basis. The only reason we're struggling a little bit right now is that we certainly need to get to the point where we replace the cash flow that we loss from those lower returns and lower margins assets that we exited. That was really the main reason for that hold a strategic plan, was to get us back into a situation where every dollar we invest delivers the most -- the highest possible rate of return on capital employed. So we're really committed to that. We're going to execute this plan to get to our cash flow breakeven at $50 and beyond that, our return on capital employed will continue to go up.
Cedric Burgher: Good. Doug, this is Cedric I would just add a couple of things. One, it sounds like -- from the question, was a little bit reflective of what does our guidance to reflect and so on. And while we don't guide ROCE, because one thing that's wonderful about ROCE, and I'm sure you a big advocate of it, Doug, but -- it captures pretty much everything and it's fully-audited, it's full cycle, it's harder for the IR guys to get gaming and so on. So it really is a great metric and it's one we've been committed to for a long time, and of course, we will never do that here. But the -- it's a great metric, we've been committed to it, in various pieces for a long, long time, organizationally, as well as personally. But if you get is reflective of that the really is difficult to do. And if you look at last year, we were in the top quartile of our peer group for ROCE. It was a tough year for anybody in the business just because of the downturn and historic cost on the books. As we work forward, every dollar be reinvested, as Vicki said, is going to very high return reinvestment returns where it won't get invested, and so that's our commitment to you and to our shareholders and we're finding a lot of success in progress in doing that. And so we believe that recipe will continue to give us industry or peer-leading ROCE metrics. So I know it's competitive environment but we were it's up quite a last year, and we intend to be that way over time year in and year out. And that's our goal, and then we tied our -- increasingly tying compensation to it meant, that's something we put out last quarter in one of our slides. And so I'm not sure -- but guidance is something that we aren't probably going to do in terms of guiding gaining ROCE. We'll give you components that may be can help you get there.
Vicki Hollub: And Doug, I was going to add one more thing as well. As you know, we've also done share buybacks a lot in the past and we've done quite a bit of that and that's not something that we have gone away from being willing to do would the list but right now, with the opportunities that we have for organic development, it's not the highest priority or not the middle priority so -- but we would consider that in the future. That will be part of our value proposition. So just make sure you understand picker we're hoping to doing what we need to do to add value but appreciate the question. So to close, I just like to say that we are very excited about where we are in our direction but realize that more needs to be done. We have the highest quality assets across our businesses that we've ever had. And our teams are continuing to find ways to make them even better. This gives our entire management team confidence in our ability to sustain our value proposition of dividend mongering production growth and were looking forward to where we're headed. So thank you, all, for joining our call today and hope you have a good day, and go after us.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Jackson - VP of IR  Vicki Hollub - President and CEO Cedric Burgher - SVP and CFO Jody Elliott - President of Domestic Oil & Gas
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Charles Robertson - Cowen and Company Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Philip Gresh - JPMorgan Roger Read - Wells Fargo Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Richard Jackson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard Jackson : Thank you, Lora. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's second quarter 2017 conference call. On the call with us today are: Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jody Elliott, President of Domestic Oil & Gas; Ken Dillon, President of International Oil & Gas Operations; Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Rob Peterson, President of OxyChem. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our second quarter 2017 earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules, our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations, and the conference call participation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki Hollub : Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. One the first quarter earnings call we announced our plan to achieve cash flow break even after funding the dividend and growth capital. As a reminder over the past few years we executed strategic initiatives to divested lower margin, lower return oil and gas production but to replace it with higher margin, higher return production from our Permian resources business.  This was a return focus strategy with the objective of insuring that every dollar we invest delivers the highest possible return. To reach the cash flow needed to be break even at $50 WTI and cash flow neutral at $40 WTI. We determine we would need incremental production of 80,000 BOE per day from Permian resources along with the additional cash flow that was expected from our chemicals and midstream businesses. Today I will update our progress with the plan but first I will share some second quarter highlights.  On July 13, the board approved an increase to our quarter dividend, this is the fifteenth consecutive year weve increased our dividend and as indicative of our core belief that dividend growth drives long-term share price appreciation. We believe dividend growth along with the earnings growth that will be generated from our returns focused pathway to breakeven, well maximize shareholder return over the long-term.  The confidence that I, our board and our management team have in our ability to significantly grow shareholder value is based on the quality of our assets, the capability of our organization and the strength of our pathway to breakeven. Our pathway to breakeven begins with the best portfolio of assets that Oxy has had and its nearly 100 years history. But its not enough to have great assets, we must also ensure we continue to increase margins through further cost reductions. To accomplish this, weve implemented a value based development approach along with innovative operations and technology applications.  Were seeing exciting progress across all of our assets. Our value based development approach has already resulted in 400 additional Permian resources locations year-to-date with breakevens under $50. We expect further additions through the remainder of the year exceeding our original guidance of 400 location additions during 2017.  And finally, with the efforts of the housing gas team the plan reached operating rate of 75,000 BOE per day net to Oxy. Were also managing our portfolio, during the quarter we announced multiple Permian transactions which resulted in the addition of low decline assets that will increase our operating cash flow by $80 million in 2019, with no incremental cash outlay.  Turning to slide five, we have clarified what it means for Oxy to be breakeven at lower oil prices. Upon completion of our plan, we will be cash flow neutral at $40 WTI, meaning well cover the dividend and the production sustaining capital within operating cash flow. At $50 WTI, well also be able to generate 5% to 8% production growth. This chart walks you through the milestones we need to achieve this plan. Our entire organization is laser focused on our breakeven plan, in fact we introduced this plan as the key metric for our compensation across the organization. All the decisions that management will make in the upcoming quarters will align with achieving these goals.  Slide six, illustrates our progress towards the breakeven plan. The chemical segment achieved a full quarter of operations at the new Ingleside ethylene cracker. However, our first cash distribution from the JV will be received in the third quarter due to funding of JV working capital during the second quarter. We did benefit from additional caustic soda volumes associated with the full quarter of operations from the cracker. Additional chemicals cash flow will come in 2018 from the startup of the fourth CPE plan in the fourth quarter of this year and from improving product prices.  Then mid-chain segment improves substantially due to widening differentials between Midland and the Golf Coast. Improved marketing spread was partially offset by sequential declines in the NGL prices and gas processing fees. Further increases in volume through the export terminals as well as the additional debottlenecking of our hosing will also add to our cash flow.  Our oil and gas segment added 9,000 BOE per day of high margin production from Permian resources bringing us closer to our production target. And finally, as I said earlier, Permian transactions will improve annual cash flow generation by $80 million in 2019 at $50 WTI. Each quarter we'll show the progress towards our pathway to breakeven on the same slide.  Slide seven quantifies the liquidity we have available to fund the gap between cash flow from operations and the capital needed to achieve our goal of cash flow breakeven at low oil prices. At the end of the second quarter, we had $2.2 billion in cash as well as TIGP units with a market value of about 800 million.  We will manage our portfolio to contribute at least an additional 500 million to ensure we bridge the cash gap, if prices average $40 through 2018. To be clear even with an average oil price of $40 through 2018, we have sufficient cash and liquidity to cover sustained capital, the dividend and our resources growth needed for the $50 breakeven plan.  I will now turn the call over to Cedric Burgher. 
Cedric Burgher: Thanks Vicki, Jody will cover our Permian activity so I will address other significant items. Total reported production was 601,000 BOE per day with ongoing production coming in at 594,000 BOE per day which was at the top end of our guidance range.  Domestic operating cost were below guidance and capital cost are on track to meet total year guidance. We spend approximately $800 million on our capital program with the majority of our $3.6 billion capital budget anticipated for the second half of the year. As a reminder, we received our tax-free fund of approximately $750 million during the second quarter.  Second quarter core earnings per share was $0.15 with cash flow on track for our breakeven plan. Reported income included one-time gains on the sales of domestic oil and gas assets including sales taxes and a noncash fair value gain on our plains equity investment.  Chemicals second quarter earnings were well above our guidance as caustic soda exceeded priced continue to increase based on a favorable supply and demand balance and low inventory levels. Chemical production and sales volumes were stronger than anticipated across most product line slightly offset by higher ethylene and natural gas cost. The second quarter Chemicals income also benefited from a full quarter of contributions from the joint venture ethylene cracker in Ingleside, Texas. However, our first cash distribution will not be received until the third quarter.  The cash distribution will be approximately $50 million which includes some catch up from the second quarter. Midstream second quarter core earnings also came in above our previous guidance reflecting improved Midland and Gulf Coast spreads, higher volumes to the Ingleside crude terminal and improved foreign pipeline income with the completion of the Dolphin pipeline in our Hosn plant maintenance in the first quarter. Midstream improvements were partially offset by lower NGL prices and gas processing fees.  On Slide 10, second quarter cash flows included $600 million in proceeds from the sales of assets including South Texas and $360 million in acquisition payments primarily related to the Permian resources and international operations.  With respect to guidance please refer to Slide 11 in today's investor presentation. Our full year 2017 ongoing production guidance has been narrowed to a range of $597,000 to $605,000 BOE per day. From prior guidance of 595,000 to 615,000 BOE per day, the low end was raised to reflect the new production increase from the previously announced Permian transactions. The high end of the range was reduced as we finalized our ramp up scheduled in that Permian resources and recognized accumulative uncertainty in OPEC quarters [ph] extensions, Columbia downtime and our non-operated production growth timing.  Permian resources total year production guidance has been narrowed with an adjustment only to the top end of our guidance to reflect the sale of our Permian resources acreage and our non-operated production growth timing.  EOR production guidance has been increased to reflect the other part of that transaction. We continue to expect production in Permian resources to exit this year at a growth pace of approximately 30% higher than 2016 levels. We expect our capital expenditures to ramp up to about $1 billion for both the third quarter and the fourth quarters and our full year capital spending to be about $3.6 billion.  Lastly, I would like to call your attention to our investor slide appendix which has been reorganized to include additional details on our business including several slides on our environmental, safety and governance framework and commitment. Since joining Oxy in late May, I have been thrilled to learn more about OXYs industry leading efforts in Carbon sequestration which we have highlighted on slide 34.  Ill now turn the call over to Jody. 
Jody Elliott: Thank you, Cedric. Today, Ill provide an update on our Permian business and the improvements weve made to the portfolio that will contribute to OXYs cash flow breakeven goals. In June, we announced a series of transactions that monetized non-strategic Permian resources acreage to accomplish two things for us. One, enhance our low decline Permian EOR business and two, core up in an area of glass cut county that will now become a new development area. The Permian resources we divested had less value in OXYs portfolio because of the expected timing of development, so we used it to provide liquidity to accelerate OXYs pathway to cash flow breakeven and increase the value of our portfolio. We will continue to evaluate the tail of our Permian resources portfolio for additional value adding opportunities.  The Seminole-San Andres Unit we acquired produces from the world-class San Andres reservoir and is a natural fit in our industry leading Permian EOR portfolio. Oxy has strategically pursued these assets since we became a non-operated partner in 2001, with an initial working interest of 7%. Overtime, we increased our working interest to 53% before the recent acquisition and now well operate the assets with an 87% working interest. Our reservoir management expertise, operating experience and scale provide cost reduction and production optimization opportunities that will increase the value of this asset for Oxy. Weve identified cost improvements of $5 per BOE that we target to realize by year-end 2017 and have an upside target of $10 per BOE that will bring the Seminole-San Andres Unit OpEx to parity with OXYs nearby Denver Units CO2 flood.  Turning to slide 14, beyond the operating cost opportunity, we have provided an initial estimate of resource potential for the Seminole-San Andres Unit. We estimate approximately 100 million barrels of resource potential with the less than $6 per BOE future development cost, which brings our Permian EOR total inventory of less than $6 FND to almost 1 billion barrels. We believe that OXYs value base development approach which is grounded in subsurface characterization, operating capability and innovative technology along with the synergistic benefits from our scale in the area will provide significant upside to our initial resource estimates.  Id also like to highlight one additional milestone in the EOR business. In January, the US EPA approved the second monitoring, reporting and verification plan for injecting and storing CO2 safely in the Permian Basin as part of our CO2, EOR operations. Oxy was the first company to received EPA authorization for EOR with CO2 sequestration in 2015. EPA approval of these plans represents an important milestone in the development and commercialization of carbon capture, utilization and storage technology as an approach for long-term management of greenhouse gas emissions. We believe OXY's assets and expertise and enhanced oil recovery and CO2 sequestration provide a long-term competitive advantage under various possible carbon pricing scenarios in the future.  Moving to Permian resources on Slide 15, we achieved our 2017 target of adding 400 locations to our less than $50 WTI breakeven inventory. We now have approximately 16 years of inventory at a 10-rig pace with less than a $50 breakeven. Improved capital efficiency and well performance added 255 locations and are based on repeated performance improvements from well design and technology that are sustainable and have further room for improvement. We've traded approximately 7000 total net acreage this year enabling us to convert shorter wells into higher value extended laterals bringing our less than $50 breakeven average lateral link to 8600 feet.  Weve also evaluated approximately 15,000 new net acres which added 100 locations to our less than $50 breakeven inventory. Our inventory now covers approximately 302,000 net acres which includes the effect of the divestitures during the year.  As we progress our value based development approach we see continued potential for improvement in our inventory by applying new technology and enhancing operating efficiency. We continue our subsurface characterization to customize the development plans and well designs that will maximize the value of each section. Although we meet our 2017 less than $50 breakeven target of 400 locations, we believe we still have opportunity to further grow this number by year end.  On Slide 16, updated our all-in capital intensity outlook through 2019, this metric provides an estimate of total annual CapEx for each 1000 barrels of annual average wage production during the given calendar year. Our improvements in 2017 to 2019 are the result of thoughtful development planning and created facilities infrastructure designs that increase facility utilization over the life of the field.  We've also progressed our subsurface characterization and focused on understanding the why as opposed to just to what. For example, in Barilla Draw we utilized our advanced subsurface characterization that pin point a specific landing zone that would allow for maximizing SRV within the Wolfcamp A. This identification and execution of the why, resulted in a well specific landing point for the light of 16 edge, which contributed to an OXY record 30-day IP of 3200 BOE per day.  As with our inventory we believe there is still upside to further improve our growth plans, all of our forecast assumptions are based on demonstrated performance where we have enough data to conclude that the improvements are sustainable. Our most recent improvements in well productivity, capital efficiency and improvements from applications and new data analytics projects represent upside opportunities.  We also expect cost savings from logistics hubs multi-lateral drilling and additional water recycling that have not been recognized in the plan. We estimate there could be at least another 10% improvement as we continue development in our core areas through 2019. We believe our capital intensity is best in class and will the primary driver in providing OXY's growth while generating cash in 2019 and beyond.  Turning to Slide 17, I'll provide an update on Permian resources drilling activity. Permian resources exited 2Q with 11 operated rigs an increase of four from the end of the first quarter. The increase in second quarter activity was late in the quarter which will primarily benefit production in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the first quarter of 2018.  In the second half of 2017, well operate five rigs in the greater San Dunes area, four rigs in the Greater Barilla Draw area and two rigs in the Midland Basin. As we build out infrastructure and progress our subservice characterization, we expect to move additional activities in the Mexico in 2018 and beyond.  Resources are currently on the 30% CAGR trajectory based on our current development activity plans. You will also see that we lowered our expected rig count in 2018 and 2019 by one rig for both scenarios which is the result of the value based improvements weve discussed and that improved our inventory and reduced the capital intensity. Ill now turn the call back over to Vicki Hollub.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jody. Were fully on track to achieve our plan as shown across our oil and gas chemical industry businesses as each beat our second quarter expectations. Additionally, our teams are exceeding goal to increase value within the plan, weve already met our Permian resources inventory improvement goal by adding 400 additional locations below $50 breakeven, and we expect to add more. We were able to complete multiple Permian transactions to add value and enhance our plan as announced this quarter. We ended the quarter with more cash on the balance sheet than we had at the end of the first quarter and we have ample liquidity to fully fund our plan at any old price.  We will now open it up for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: So, Vicki, I wonder if I could just ask you to elaborate a little bit on the full year guidance. There seem to be a number of moving parts and I know its not easy to answer that in a quick question. But, CapEx is obviously backed loaded it looks like OpEx cut production but Im also interested in slide 17 when youre showing this 13-rig count basically coming on about six months earlier. So, can you just walk us through what the nature of the bringing the top end of the guidance is and how that impacts your timing of when you expect to get the incremental I guess is certainly 1,000 barrels a day in the Permian. Ive got a follow up, please. 
Vicki Hollub: Okay. Thanks Doug. Our guidance really does not indicate any change in our confidence or in our pathway to breakeven as weve laid out. Actually, this is just a narrowing of the guidance, our business teams are progressing and working and achieving exactly what we need them to and actually where as I mentioned in my script, were really ahead of schedule in terms of performance.  But there are several reasons that we did it, first we increased the low end of our range 2,000 barrels a day to account for the increased second half production as a result of our Permian transactions. And then we -- secondly, we now have a greater clarity on the redeployment of our South Texas sale proceeds. For example, we had said we would be able to deploy those into those proceeds and the Permian resources which we have done. And that activity is taking place in the second half of this year and now we expect that with the pad development that we had going on, some of that production will actually go into January and February. So, the activity we got better clarity on the timing of that.  Third, our updated range really reflects some uncertainties around a number of things that have happened. Earlier in the year we had expected that the announced six-month quotas for OPEC would be in place and now thats been extended for a full year. Also, we've had some impacts of electrical storms in the Permian in the second quarter, we wanted to take that into account and we've also had some third-party processing outages.  In our own EOR business we had two unplanned plant client outages which are now behind us and we wanted to a be a little bit conservative with Columbia with respect to pipeline outages we been able to manage that recently and expect to be able to manage it but we dont feel that there will be upside there.  And then with respect to our Permian non-operative positive we are seeing indications that a lot of companies now starting to cut their capital. So, we feel like there could be some risk on the upside and again there are risk on the upside because we did increase the bottom side our range. And having said all that we felt like that it was small but wanted to make sure that we provided clarity around what we expect. 
Doug Leggate: Just to be clear on Slide 17 the earlier addition or move to 13 rigs I guess would be there in a couple of months, middle of next year looks like about the number for 80,000 barrels per day is that right?
Vicki Hollub: The 80,000 barrel a day really is going to be dependent on our efficiency improvements and how well we're able to move from pad to pad, logistics and several things. So, I'm not prepared to just to accelerate that schedule, we've said that it would be happened by the end of 2018 or first of 2019. I dont think that we see anything right now that would prompt us to change them. 
Doug Leggate: Okay my follow up hope is quick one, is another slide question on Slide 7, it looks as if I'm eyeballing this right, I guess you have broken it out, 0.5 billion to 2 billion of portfolio management I guess you called it, is that half in respect of the oil pricing or whether its $40 to $50 [indiscernible], I'll leave it there. Thanks. 
Vicki Hollub: What we're going to do is, were make the right decisions from a monetization and value stand point, so where they are assets that we certainly feel would be best monetized for them to add value to the shareholders thats what we will do. We not going to monetize things that are not value adding, meaning were not going to sell assets that we think would add more value if we kept them for development. So, we will look at that and make the decisions as we go, we're not going to try to target any upper end; we just think we need to make the best value decision. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Charles Robertson of Cowen and Company. 
Charles Robertson: Thank you and thank you for all the update on the operational side but my question comes, I would appreciate your thoughts behind the 15th consecutive year of raising your dividend and you could expand on that appreciate it. Thank you. 
Vicki Hollub: As I said we felt like that, we have extreme confidence in our plan and we know we can execute this. So, we felt it important to continue to increase our dividend. We know that there are holders that expect that to happen and needs to happen for some of the holders of our stock. We wanted to do a modest increase at this point and expect that as we achieve our cash flow neutrality in our breakeven that we will then be able to grow our dividend more in line with our value growth. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio: On the strategic plan, your strategic plan now evolves this lower stress case at 40. And given the capital efficiencies can you discuss the $50 side and is the 5% to 8% growth is that the sweet spot for growth or where improvements would rather lower to $50 threshold or could that allow the growth to drive higher. Just trying to understand how you see the upper end evolving with improving productivity or commodity price?
Vicki Hollub: Well, one thing that we do expect to see is we do expect efficiency improvements. This plan that weve rolled out is very conservative, it does not include many of the things that Jodys team is working on in the Permian resources business. And it also really doesnt take into account some of the things internationally that were seeing that great success with, with respect to some of the capital efficiency improvements there as well as the improved recovery in OpEx reductions.  So, I think that certainly our plan is conservative, so with the $50 oil price there would be potential for further increases, but in terms of production, but what we want to do is make the best decision so we would just look at market condition, wed look at our other opportunities for use of capital and make a decision is to whats the best thing to do. I believe overtime, because of the assets we have, we have the potential to grow more. But well make those decisions as we get to that point. 
Evan Calio: Great. And my second question on the Permian. In your allocations, youve achieved your full year guidance to add the 400 horizontal locations sub 50 by mid-year versus full year. Maybe you discuss what drove that earlier, does that mean you are ahead of your guidance and should we expect another update before year-end. Just color on that process would appreciate.
Jody Elliott: Yeah, this is Jody. Thank you for the question. Yeah, we have achieved that goal that we set out of 400. Im still working on your stretch goal of 600 locations as well. But we do think we can continue to progress that better well productivity, some really innovative things around pad development sequencing, moving a little more activity over the next year and in the Mexico longer laterals you see in the slides that weve extended our average lateral length in the inventory. And that doesnt stop, right so I think that will continue to add sub 50 inventory. Plus, were marching through the other 300,000, 350,000 acres that we really havent fully evaluated. We knocked off another 15,000 this last time. So, probably not every quarter an update on inventory but maybe every other quarter we would provide an update. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Philip Gresh of JPMorgan. 
Philip Gresh : Vicki I think one of the concerns I've heard from investors with the cash flow targets that have been outlined its just the timing of it, you mentioned end of '18 early '19, so I was just hoping that you could frame up some of the interim milestones you're thinking about here potentially exit rate '17, how much of this you think you might be able to achieve and I guess I'm thinking perhaps the mid-stream the chemicals pieces etcetera, do you think you could get 500 million to 600 million of this by the end of '17 or anything else you would be comfortable sharing on that front?
Vicki Hollub: I think that certainly -- I think by the end of this year we will make more progress, we're going to see probably our biggest incremental changes in beginning in Q1 of 2018 because lot of the ramp up in Permian resources will really start to pay off in Q1. So, I would certainly expect to have significant incremental progress towards our goal by that time.  But some of the other things will happen in mid like 2018 for example we expect the [indiscernible] expansion will be certainly before the end of 2018, the four CPE will be at the beginning of 2018 thats the plant in Louisiana. We're going to see next quarter as we mentioned, the cash flow from the cracker starting to come in from the JV, so that should actually be happening next quarter, will help toward the end of this year.  We expect that we will see incremental from the export terminal, we do plan to expand it a bit, but we're not sure the timing on that but that could also occur later in 2018. So, the closure things are immediate cash flow next quarter from the JV, the four CPE beginning of 2018 and then we're looking at [indiscernible] toward the end and the incremental growth from the Permian, while it wasnt a straight line from the time we announced it, over the next couple of quarters is really they are ramping up, they are going to start, they will see good fourth quarter production and then they are on a very strong trajectory going into the 2018. So, the growth in 2018 is going to be well above the 30% CAGR from Permian resources. 
Philip Gresh: And then you outlined how you see the balance sheet progressing from a cash standpoint, how you see things progressing to help fund the growth plan. I'm wondering how you think about acquisitions at this point, you did the swap etcetera but when you say they are in the next 12 to 18 months acquisitions are still something you're looking at or is it more just your organic growth in the portfolio management on the other side. 
Vicki Hollub: That going to be mostly organic growth. Where we see opportunities to continue to increase our working interest or do bolt on acquisitions we would do those. But we're so confident with this organic execution plan that we have that we're really focused on it and making sure that happens. 
Philip Gresh: Okay if I could just ask one last one, Vicky I kind of asked you about this in other conference a month ago, but perhaps you could just refresh us on the 5% day growth rate in this long-term target versus may be targeting a slightly lower growth rate and covering the dividend sooner and I ask this kind of in the context of seeing a lot of E&P companies out there missing numbers, stocks getting hit on a weaker production outlooks and it seems like the cash flow oriented stocks have been doing much better on the execution front and from a share price perspective. So, just curious on your thoughts on this.
Vicki Hollub: Yeah. Im want to emphasize that our growth rate right now and what were doing over the next 18 months is, were just replacing cash flow from those assets that we exited or divested. So, this high growth rate that youre seeing is a consequence of that, we need to replace the cash flow, we want to do that as quickly as we can and beyond that once we are cash flow neutral at 40 and breakeven at 50 with the 5% to 8% we will be -- we will stay within cash flow. And we expect over time, our cash flow to continue to increase. And thats our goal.
Operator: And our next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yeah. Thanks. good morning. Maybe the follow up on Phils question here on the dividend, for the growth rate potentially why not talk about maybe a higher growth rate in the dividend or some growth rate in the dividend versus slightly slower production growth number at $50?
Vicki Hollub: Im sorry Greg -- Phil, could you repeat that question, youre asking why not growth, Im sorry, Roger youre asking 
Roger Read: Yeah. So, the dividend is laid out at 2.4, 2.4 and then the production growth and just kind of getting back to the question that Phil asked. Why not talk about dividend growth blended with production growth as opposed to just a production growth number, or is just the goal here the toggle is always is production growth and the dividend secure at 40. Im just trying make sure I understand where you kind of youre laying out a sort of a drilling plan in 2019 and our productivity plan. How does that come back to the dividend?
Vicki Hollub: Right. In this interim as we are on this breakeven plan, the dividend is going to be -- the increases will be modest as weve just show you. However, once we get beyond that the growth in the dividend will be consistent with our value proposition and that well grow that accordingly. So, as were growing production, growing value, growing cash flow beyond the breakeven and our dividend at that point will certainly start to resume a healthier growth rate. And it will be according to at that point what the best use of capital is, best use of the cash. But its not that the dividend will not grow, it will beyond this breakeven plan. Does that answer that Roger?
Roger Read: Okay. Great. Yeah it does, more of a timing issue here getting through this period and then focus on it. Okay. And then Jody maybe switching gears to you or Vicki if you want to keep on with it. In the appendix slide 25, 26, I think there was one or two more showed, it look like outperformance versus type curves. I was just wondering is that predominantly lateral linked which looks like some of it or is this kind of whats driving that improvement?
Jody Elliott: Yeah, Roger its a combination of things. It is better, continued subsurface understanding and progression and refining our landing points, changing our stimulation designs to maximize stimulated rod volumes so that connection to the reservoir and lateral length is really all of those things. If I had to wait, I might probably say that the landing point in stimulation changes are driving the bulk of that. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research. 
Paul Sankey : I guess to would be remising me not to ask you about gas, oil ratios given the opposition in the Columbian scale of your position in your experience. What's your prospective on this latest controversy that too [ph] much as regards OXYs competitive position. 
Jody Elliott: Paul this is Jody, thank you. I think as we've talked all along we really emphasize our subsurface work whether thats geologic work or reservoir engineering and so the understanding of GOR [ph] behavior, it's not new to us, it is not a surprise for our assumptions, we model, we do more than just decline curve analysis, we have multiple defector [ph] changes like go through the life of this well, we model the GOR increase when you get to bubble point, we use rate transient analysis, we use reservoir modeling so it is a full cycle engineering analysis. And so, our plans have got those reservoir behaviors built into our forecast over the next couple of years, our GORs actually stay fairly flat based on the mix of new development and declining development. So thats well understood by us and built into our plan. 
Paul Sankey : Looks like as though was playing the gas oil ratio bingo there and you excluded points for bubble point but you didnt manage to throw in big data. 
Jody Elliott: Thanks, the big data is really is analytics, it's not big data, its analytics that helps us get even better at that, so we're adding statistical models on top of the engineering analysis whether it's in reservoir, whether it's in geology, completions drilling, we're seeing that across the board with our analytics projects and that just refines our confidence on our EOR predictions, on our type curve predictions even more as we move forward. It's some of the technology thing that Vicki mentioned that really arent based into this cash flow to breakeven plan, they act as upsides for us as we continue to solve those kind of though problems out there. 
Paul Sankey : Could you contrast, I know you are all over the Permian but can you talk about how things differ across acreage and where you might be differentiated or not as the case may be as regards some of these issues. 
Vicki Hollub: Our activity set over the next several years is predominantly in a Delaware basin, where we're positioned where we had good rock positions, its geo pressured for most of those benches that extends the period of time before you start having GOR effects. So, I think we're well positioned from an inventory standpoint relative to some of our competitors with respect to GOR. 
Paul Sankey : Got it, Vicki if I could just pin you down slightly, you're talking a lot about breakevens and then as you cost dividend increases, I think you know the market is getting tired of what is quite a modest time to ultimately to be a breakeven. But it feels as if the opportunities is better than it ever has been and can you not be more ambitious about your dividend growth over time, I'm for example pinning it to future volume growth assuming the margins were constant. Wouldnt it be reasonable to say that in the future we can get a 5% to 8% annualized dividend growth as our target? Thanks.
Vicki Hollub: I do expect that to be not only possible but likely, I just didnt want to pin my sub down to a range on that, but thats really time to target [Multiple Speakers] but thats our goal, its in the interim were just trying to get to the milestone of being able to then refocus and get our dividend growth back.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for taking the question. Youve broken out your PAGP holding of $0.8 billion in the slide. And I remember the last time you sold some of that, I think its about 2.5 years ago. Is there a threshold for the yield on that stock where you would feel compelled to monetize it?
Cedric Burgher: Yeah, Pavel this is Cedric. Really our approach is to be opportunistic, we have a number of assets in our portfolio that dont produce cash or not much and those would be likely candidates for sale earlier. But clearly the plant units from a long-term perspective are not core to our business and therefore a source of liquidity. But, the way we look at it theyre throwing off good cash, we think its a well-run company with good assets and so, were happy to continue to hold on to those units and look for an opportunistic time to sell them down the road. 
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. Quick question about the sustaining capital under the $50 versus $40 scenarios. The difference is only 10%, $200 million, is there a certain amount of conservatism in another words if oil were $10 lower than your base line wouldnt sustaining capital be meaningfully lower than in 2.1 billion potentially?
Vicki Hollub: Sustaining capital does go down with oil prices because we would expect as youre alluding to service company cost and some of our CO2s tied to oil prices. So, it would go lower, what the estimate that we have on our slide though is what we believe today without significant efficiency improvement. So, its conservative. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Couple of questions on the Permian. You highlighted the coming shift in rigs in to New Mexico. Wondered if you could talk a little bit more about the decision to do that and the implications on the returns there versus the returns elsewhere in the Permian portfolio like the Southern Delaware and Midland Basins and also given that its topical, can you speak to how you see the rest associated with navigating drilling horizontal wells around areas where there are legacy vertical wells particularly in the Midland?
Vicki Hollub: Yes, Brian the reason for the shift in the Mexico is really kind of grounded in our capital intensity calculations. The Mexico, because of the stack pace and very good stack pace is not like we have a primary bench and then three or four secondaries'. There are three or four primary benches that compete very well, very high returns and so its that nature that drives us toward more in the Mexico kind of second in the tier would be the Texas, Delaware and then Midland Basin. I mean, those two arent that different but they just have different production profiles with the wells as we drill and thats why we're in a more dominated with our activity still [ph] on the Delver side.  The risks of drilling with vertical wells a lot of the areas we're developing are not historical vertical development or they were done in a way that you still have a lot of room between those verticals wells for not having any collision areas. A lot of our New Mexico development that we're going to is clean acreage in very little historical development if it was, it was in shallower reservoirs.  We got a long history of this. Youve got to remember, we've been in the Permian for a long time at 25,000 wells, a lot of experience dealing with both vertical and now horizontal activity, we're doing more horizontal activity in our legacy EOR properties and on the central basin platform. So, it's something very manageable for us and I think the properties that we set themselves up well for continued horizontal development. 
Brian Singer: Thanks, and then on the technology side can you give us an update of some of the technology solutions that you're deploying such as I think most had lateral wells, one that you highlighted in the past. And if there is more to say on some of the predictive analytics, but then you already, that would be great, but, what the impact is on production or capital cost today. 
Cedric Burgher: We've got a great number of slides in the appendix that lays out the different projects that were working. We made a lot of progress here recently in one around reservoir management of our injecting. So, both in Kim's business and [indiscernible] with steam and then northern Oman with the water flood and then our EOR business with CO2 floods we're deploying kind of the early versions of those tools that combine essentially low fidelity reservoir models with the statistical models that we can make changes in where our injecting goes on a greater frequency and so what that does, it allows us to get the biggest bang for the buck for every molecule of injecting that we put in the ground. So those are starting to get rolled out and from a technology standpoint thats all kind be done in the cloud. So, from an IT stand point, were able to do this work from Oman all the way back here to Houston and again thats our starting point but technology applies to all three geographic areas.  On the drilling side we're pushing out our bit trajectory data analytics tool, so we've been through kind of our early round of validating where the bid is based on serving equipment being 45 or 60 foot behind the bit, thats now starting, start beginning to get penetrated across multiple rigs and what that does is it again it keeps you in zone, it allows you to build you curves more accurately because you know where you are instead of projecting where you are and that results in better wells, if you stay in zone longer. So thats a couple of examples but there is a long list that we continue to push forward on the technology front. 
Brian Singer: And the multi-lateral wells, have there been any examples there?
Cedric Burgher: We're continuing to as we spoke before, we have one that we have completed the stimulation on, we have others planned. The impact of multi-lateral is really when we move into our second and third and fourth bench kind of development. So, we continue to move down that path kind of no new news there on multilateral. 
Operator: And our final question today will come from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning. Vicki, I was just wanted to ask you, Im looking at the various illustrations of the $40 and $50 per barrel spending and the 30% CAGR and the Permian resources and your remarks about replacing solid cash flows. Is the overall message that youre going to maintain this spending plan through 2018 regardless of oil prices or is there any chance that you would pull back if prices really swooned. And in particular what Im trying to understand is that the spending that youre outlining is really necessary to drive the efficiencies that are going to continue to lower cost further out?
Vicki Hollub: Well first of all, as long as were investing our dollars and things that deliver rate of return that are better than our cost of capital, well continue to execute this plan. That also assumes that the fundamentals are there to support oil prices that are at least close to $40, because thats about where we get the returns that we feel are appropriate for our dollar invested. With respect to, I think in slide seven shows the liquidity that well have available to support that if that was the second part of your question at 40. And this is all for this 40. 
Jeffrey Campbell: But one other thing that I was just curious about is that and in addition investing for rates of return and so forth there has been a lot of illustration throughout the slice on driving cost lower overtime. And I was wondering if also part of this you want to get to a certain scale over the next 18 months to 20 months, that thats going to help to drive cost further even going further out?
Vicki Hollub: Yes, we set the $40 and $50 as milestones and we do believe that going forward beyond that in and again those are conservative because we havent baked in a lot of the things that were trying that we believe have a good possibility of working out. So, we do believe that overtime well continue to lower our cash flow neutrality that will continue to improve our operations and drive our cost down and our margins up. So, this to us is just a milestone. And Cedrick, you have something to add?
Cedric Burgher: I'll just say that the point of slide seven was to show you at $40 that weve got the liquidity path that works obviously, so were planning for the worst if you will, if things were to go below that on a sustainable basis then we would of course reassess the whole world probably would, but even as low as $40 WTI, weve got a path that this plan we can execute from a liquidity standpoint.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. Well, that was really helpful. And just going back quickly Jody to your remarks about the multiple core opportunities in New Mexico as opposed to Texas and Midland. Slide 26 highlights that the Wolf Camp A and the Wolf Camp B are your core zones in the Midland Basin, but there has been pretty good success in the lower spread very in the Midland Basin as well. I was just wondering is that the zone that youre looking at, does that have the possibility to maybe become a third core zone overtime?
Cedric Burgher: Yeah. It does and in this new core development area that the transactions allowed us to develop their spray berry activity there as well, in New Mexico its second bone, its first bone its third bone, its XY, it's another zone in between the XY and the Wolfcamp, thats the beauty of New Mexico again as there is more what I would call premium benches, per acre of opportunity that we have. 
Jeffrey Campbell: And if I could just, kind of going back to what Brian was asking about, when you look at all those two C [ph] basins in New Mexico, do you think of minimum amount of development that you will do with individual well bores and at some point, later on you'll come up with the multi laterals and how youre thinking about that. 
Cedric Burgher: We take the multi-lateral -- we view multi-lateral as kind of an arrow in the quiver, it's one of many tools we have in our development plan. So, areas where we are location constrained, there are some environmentally sensitive areas that we operate in, there is BLM acreage, we're trying to minimize our footprint and so if you have multiple benches thats a lot of well heads if you do them all by one well at a time. So, we take that into account when we think about the development plan of an area of whether we want to deploy multi-lateral in that future development or not. 
Operator: And that concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vicki Hollub for any closing remarks. 
Vicki Hollub : To close I would just like to reiterate our excitement and our confidence in our plan. The quality of our assets, the capability of our organization and the strength of our pathway to our breakeven plan is well understood by our organization and we're completely in line toward achieving our goals.  But looking beyond our breakeven plan we're also confident in our ability to sustain our value proposition for the foreseeable future and that does include meaningful dividend growth beyond this breakeven plan.  In addition to the multi decade reserves and resources that we have in the Permian basin and the long-term cash flow from OXYChem, we also have long-term contracts in the Middle East and Columbia and they will provide significant cash flow for multiple decades. So, we do have sustainability. So, I would like to thank you all for joining our call today and wish you happy day. Thanks. 
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Jackson - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Chemical Corp. Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the OXY first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Richard Jackson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Richard A. Jackson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's first quarter 2017 conference call. On the call with us today are: Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jody Elliott, President of Domestic Oil & Gas; Ken Dillon, President of International Oil & Gas Operations; Chris Stavros, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President; and Rob Peterson, President of OxyChem. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our first quarter 2017 earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules, our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations, and the conference call participation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to focus on three topics in my opening remarks. First, I'll provide you an update on our portfolio optimization initiatives, and I'll share what this means for our near-term growth plans. Then I'll highlight some components of what we believe is our differentiated and value-based approach. And last, I'll provide details on our plan to get to cash flow breakeven after funding the dividend and growth capital. Turning to slide 4, in 2013 we began our strategic review process to divest of low-margin low-return assets and assets that simply could not compete for capital within our portfolio. We allocate capital based on the net present value of the project, the returns they generate, the cash flow profile, the reserves added, and its capital intensity. To support our value proposition, we need a balanced blend of short-cycle, high-growth investments along with low-decline long-term cash flow. But in both categories, we need relatively high-margin, high-return assets, and we need the ability to control our own destiny. By this I mean we need a high-quality development inventory with the potential to sustain our growth over the long term without needing to depend on acquisitions or the decisions of others. As the final step of our strategic review process, we have now divested of our South Texas gas properties, which were our last non-core upstream assets. Our remaining upstream assets are all within our core areas, which are the Permian Basin, Colombia, Oman, Qatar, and Abu Dhabi. The proceeds from the South Texas sale will be redeployed into Permian Resources. Given that Permian Resources margins are three times higher than South Texas gas, only 9,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of Resources production is needed to replace the cash flow from the 27,000 barrels of oil equivalent produced by South Texas. As we've been going through this optimization process, we've been replacing the lower-margin, low-return divested production with better quality, higher margin, higher return production in order to restore our cash flow. About half the divested production has been replaced with incremental production from Permian Resources, Al Hosn, and Oman. The remaining growth needed to restore our cash flow to cover growth capital at $50 WTI will come mostly from our Permian Resources business. As you know, even in a $40 to $50 price environment, our Resources developments generate high returns with low risk due to the quality of the rock, scalability of the development, and availability of services. I want to point out that this has not been a shrink-to-grow strategy. This has been a deliberate drive to ensure the capital we invest will deliver the highest possible returns. This is a returns-focused strategy. We now have the highest portfolio that I believe we've ever had, but a great portfolio is not enough. We must also ensure we do the things necessary to maximize its value. On slide 6, I'd like to share how we're doing that. We have centered our entire business on a differentiated value-based development approach. The three goals on the left-hand side of the slide may seem basic to running oil company, but can be hard to achieve in actual practice. Our organization and culture are grounded in recovering more oil at less cost while continually building the required inventory to sustain and improve our results. Before I highlight several components of our approach, I'd like to say that we make decisions and weigh trade-offs that may differ from our competitors because we're focused on creating shareholder value over the long term. The first component is our niche. We have proven and long been known for our ability to get more reserves out of reservoirs than others can. That achievement starts with strong technical capability, a solid understanding of the subsurface, and the application of cutting-edge technology to develop and manage the reservoir over the full life of the reserve. We have done this in conventional, tight, and unconventional reservoirs in many areas of the world. We've done it with primary, secondary, and tertiary recovery methodologies, onshore and offshore, in deserts and in jungles. We've taken a similar approach in Permian Resources, where the key to our success has been investment in technology and our rigorous internal workflow of subsurface characterizations. We first needed to understand the reservoir and the fluids within the reservoir. Only then could we confidently understand where to land the wellbore, how to design the stimulation, how many wells are optimal per section, and the minimal infrastructure needed to support it. While many of our competitors are busy drilling the most wells per section, we're focused on drilling the optimal number of wells per section for less cost to recover the same, if not more oil through an infrastructure that's designed to deliver the highest net present value rather than to support a peak production rate. Today this requires strong chemical capabilities, detailed integrated planning, and an innovative culture across the entire organization. The second component is the early adoption of external trends because I believe this is where we truly separate ourselves from the pack. For example, several years ago we recognized that data analytics would be big for our industry. Early adoption has been key to enable full integration of this technology into our culture. Only culture will allow new technologies like data analytics to drive sustainable business results. The reality is that as we are rolling data analytics out to all of our disciplines, we're starting to find things that we had not previously seen and in many ways that we didn't expect. This will have a material impact on our future business and financial performance. We believe if you're thinking long term, you need to be thinking about data analytics now. Turning to my final slide, slide number 8, I want to reinforce that getting to a lower cash flow breakeven after dividend and growth capital is a top near-term priority. As always, our financial goal is to grow our dividend and company value by making returns-focused investments that will drive 5% to 8% average production growth over time. The pathway to this lower breakeven oil price is clear to us, and the actions listed on the slide will all work together to help us reach our goals. And it is important to note that we plan to accelerate cash flows from the tail of our portfolio to help fund the production growth needed to achieve our lower breakeven target. The tail of our portfolio includes Permian Resources acreage that is not strategic to us to but synergistic and valuable to others. This will be done as needed and opportunistically. On the right side of the slide, we have identified key milestones and accelerators. Our incremental growth target is 80,000 barrels per day above our 2016 average production rate, including the replacement of the South Texas cash flow. To fund this growth capital, we disclosed $2.2 billion of cash sources. Beyond these sources, we're continuing to work several options across our portfolio that will accelerate in value creation, including asset trades, partnerships, and sales. We're looking for win-win scenarios for ourselves and other companies. We believe oil prices could be lower for longer and only the companies with high-quality assets and top-tier operational performance will be up to the challenges our industry will face over the next few years. We believe we're well positioned to meet these challenges. I'll now turn the call over to Chris Stavros.
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks, Vicki, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll focus on the following: a brief summary of our first quarter 2017 financial results, cash flow, balance sheet and liquidity items. And then I'll come back at the end of all of our prepared remarks to close out with guidance for oil and gas production, the other business segments and related items for the second quarter and full year 2017. Our first quarter 2017 reported income for GAAP purposes as well as our core income was $117 million, or $0.15 per diluted share. While higher product prices were a big factor in our sequentially improved earnings results, all of our operating segments demonstrated better than expected results. For the first time in nearly three years, the arrows are clearly pointing in a favorable direction for all of our core businesses. In addition to higher product prices, our realized prices for both oil and NGLs relative to benchmarks showed a marked improvement on a sequential quarterly basis in helping improve overall oil and gas profitability. Much of this was due to better than expected Midland to Cushing differentials during the quarter. First quarter oil and gas production volumes averaged 584,000 BOE per day, and all of our reported data incorporates production volumes for our South Texas gas properties, which have been sold. Permian Resources production grew 6,000 BOE per day, up 5% on a sequential quarterly basis to 129,000 BOE per day in the first quarter and in line with our earlier guidance. More than 80% of the quarter-on-quarter improvement in Resources production came from oil growth. Our total costs in oil and gas, including cash operating costs, DD&A and G&A, had a positive sequential pre-tax impact of about $130 million. Despite the planned and unplanned downtime, our international oil and gas operations generated more than $200 million of cash flow after capital during the first quarter. Chemicals generated first quarter pre-tax core earnings of $170 million, up $18 million sequentially and exceeding our earlier guidance. First quarter results reflected higher caustic soda, PVC, and VCM volumes along with higher caustic soda prices and partly offset by higher ethylene and energy prices. Midstream pre-tax core results were a loss of $47 million for the first quarter and similar to last year's fourth quarter. The better than expected results in the most recent period were supported by higher than expected throughput at the Ingleside export terminal and better NGL realizations. Turning to our cash flows for the first quarter of 2017. We generated nearly $1.1 billion of cash flow from continuing operations before working capital. Changes in working capital consumed approximately $390 million of cash during the quarter. Working capital usage is typical for us during the early part of the year and primarily due to the timing of payments for property taxes and other cyclical payments. In addition, we also had a build in our accounts receivable, largely due to rising prices for some key products in our Chemicals segment and with cash collection lagged by about a month. We also used some working capital as we incurred some line fill in our pipelines as our storage and export terminal at Ingleside ramped up its capacity. Under the current product price environment and our expected pace of development activity, we anticipate this use of working capital to be behind us and with some modest reversal expected during the remainder of the year. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $750 million, with oil and gas spending representing about $600 million. We expect our capital to ramp up to about $950 million in the second quarter and continue at this pace for the remainder of the year as we ramp up our activity. Based on the anticipated pace of activity in Permian Resources, we would expect our full-year capital spending to be towards the higher end of the $3 billion to $3.6 billion range we had indicated earlier this year. We ended the first quarter with $1.5 billion of cash on hand. As Vicki mentioned, we closed on the sale of our South Texas gas properties for net after-tax proceeds of nearly $600 million, the bulk of which were received in April. These assets were in decline and did not compete for capital relative to our investment opportunities in the Permian. Our plan is to redirect the proceeds towards our high-return development of Permian Resources and in an effort to drive higher value oil production growth. Together with proceeds from the sale of South Texas and the cash tax refund of approximately $700 million anticipated in coming weeks, we expect to have a higher cash balance at the end of the second quarter. We continue to hold our investment in the Plains All American Pipeline general partner, although we consider this to be non-core. This, in addition to potential funding options that Vicki mentioned, provides us with a high degree of comfort in terms of leverage we have at our disposal to support our capital program. Our ability to better capture the high-margin, high-return growth opportunities in Permian Resources also supports the future growth of our dividend. Going forward, we will continue to free up capital from non-core or non-strategic assets and seek opportunities to derisk portions of our portfolio in order to reinvest in Permian Resources. I'll now pass the call over to Rob Peterson, who'll provide some insight around our Chemicals business.
Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Chemical Corp.: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In February, OxyChem safely completed commissioning of our ethane cracker that will produce 1.2 billion pounds per year of ethylene at our Ingleside, Texas facility. The project is a 50/50 joint venture between OxyChem and our long-term partner, Mexichem. The project included a dedicated 115-mile ethane pipeline and storage dome in Markham, Texas. This project is the first grassroots cracker built in the United States in over 15 years. Completion of the project both on time and on budget while maintaining tremendous health and safety performance throughout its construction is a testament to our employees and our contractors to execute and deliver on objectives. The cracker has been operating at design capacity since the latter half of March. In addition, we improved our ability to transport ethylene to and from our Markham, Texas storage dome throughout our pipeline. Most importantly, the ethylene produced by the cracker is being consumed at Ingleside facility in the production of VCM, nearly all of which is being exported to Mexichem facilities in Mexico and Colombia, where they convert the VCM into PVC and PVC piping systems. The successful completion of the project and the structure of our partnership with Mexichem assures that the cracker will continue to operate at high operating rates over the course of our 20-year agreement and that both parties will receive returns on an investment that well exceed our cost of capital. This investment is not based upon any secured merchant sales of ethylene or new VCM business, but rather allows us to further back-integrate our value chain to support existing business with Mexichem. This value-based approach is in alignment with our overall company goals. While we continue to invest in our chemical operations, including our latest investment in Geismar, Louisiana that will provide the feedstock for the production of next-generation refrigerants, the completion of the ethylene project marks the conclusion of a significant capital spending cycle over the past five years. OxyChem's focus will now turn to what it has excelled at, maximizing the value of our assets to deliver significant free cash flow back to the parent company. On slide 14, I will go over a brief overview of the current trends in the chlorovinyl market. After a multiyear downturn at the beginning of 2013, the chlorovinyl market has been on a trend of sustained earnings improvement since the second quarter of 2016. The primary driver of the earnings improvement is increased margins in our liquid caustic soda business. OxyChem is the world's largest marketer of liquid caustic soda, selling approximately 3 million tons each year, and is the largest exporter of caustic soda in the United States, led by our advanced logistics from our Ingleside, Texas facility. Both domestic and export caustic soda prices have risen sharply. While average domestic spot prices have risen nearly $190 per dry short ton since March of 2016, export prices improved nearly $250 per dry short ton in the same period. In addition, OxyChem just implemented an additional $50 per dry short ton price increase for the second quarter in every account where contract terms permit it. On the PVC side of the business, we secured $0.06 per pound of price increases in the first quarter, as we worked to recover margin lost due to ethylene escalation since the second half of 2016. We are committed to take the actions necessary to improve the profitability of this business segment to an acceptable level. Two factors are the source of chlorovinyl business improvement: first, the conclusion of the consolidation of North American chlor-alkali producers, which created significant turmoil in the market of chlorovinyl products; second, the global absorption of significant new chlor-alkali and vinyl capacity built through 2014. Further consolidation of North American producers is unlikely, and with no significant chlor-alkali or vinyl capacity expansion on the horizon, we believe the current up cycle will persist beyond 2017. Furthermore, we are encouraged by the emphasis of infrastructure replacement in the United States and the potential additional growth it could provide to PVC, which is the most cost-effective and sustainable solution to underground piping systems. In closing, we are excited about our performance at OxyChem. The completion of our heavy capital spending program concurrent with the business up cycle will create significant improvement in free cash flow generation for the company. As we've indicated previously, we anticipate at least a $400 million improvement in year-over-year free cash flow generation, with upside to that figure based on favorable market conditions and OxyChem's strong market position. As we look forward to 2018, full-year contributions from the cracker along with the initial contributions from our refrigerant feedstock plant should provide in excess of $75 million of additional free cash flow. I will now turn the call over to Jody Elliott.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Today I'll provide an update on our Permian Basin business and how it's driving the plan that Vicki outlined in her opening remarks. Our efforts in the Permian are a clear example of how our differentiated value-based approach generates growth in value through a sustainable competitive advantage. As part of our corporate portfolio optimization, we will redeploy the proceeds from South Texas into three to five additional Permian Resources rigs, bringing the Resources rig count to 11 to 13 by year end, including outside operated. This activity will increase Resources 2017 capital to between $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion but without increasing OXY's capital budget of $3.6 billion. This activity is aligned with our value-based approach to development and should result in a moderate increase of about 10,000 MBOE per day to the 2017 exit rate. This impact will be more pronounced as we exit 2017 and enter 2018. We are pursuing trades, partnerships, and sales opportunities using the tail of our portfolio to fund accelerated growth within our core developments. We understand the value benefits of acceleration and believe our Permian inventory can support monetization opportunities and high-value long-term growth. We also appreciate the necessity for value-based development and have found that the NPV benefits of acceleration can be quickly offset by suboptimal development plans, so we will be disciplined in our approach to maximize shareholder value. Our value-based development begins with the subsurface and surface workflows, where we ensure all key attributes are aligned, including bench and well sequencing, well spacing, infrastructure, and technology advancements. We continue to apply innovative technology into our plans, and we will provide additional disclosure as we deliver results there. We understand the importance of cost leadership in our development plans, which starts with commercial strategies and partnerships to protect margins. So we're taking the right steps to minimize OXY's exposure to cost inflation and supply constraints as activity ramps up. As we work toward our OXY financial goals, both Permian businesses will play an integral part of the strategy. Permian Resources is capable of generating free cash flow in 2018 at greater than 20% growth. We will also continue modest investments in Permian EOR, which is currently generating free cash flow and provides a stable business to help manage through volatile market conditions. For reference, the Permian EOR business provides about $35 million of operating cash flow for every dollar increase in oil price. Turning to slide 16, I'd like to highlight the low capital intensity growth in Permian Resources. We can grow production at greater than 20% CAGR while investing only $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion in CapEx each year. That equates to approximately $30 million of CapEx for every 1,000 BOE per day of wedge production in the first year. Achieving this capital intensity metric represents a 50% improvement from our previous performance. Simply put, our development program is producing more oil with less cost. The sustainability of our low capital intensity will be grounded in replenishing our low breakeven inventory by realizing the full potential of our high-quality reservoirs through subsurface engineering, technology advancements, and thoughtful infrastructure design. In 2017, we are targeting a 400-plus well increase in our less than $50 breakeven projects, which is about three times our 2017 drilling pace. We believe our Permian Resources capital intensity differentiates us from most of our peers and will allow us to grow production and generate free cash flow by 2018. With the reinvestment of the South Texas proceeds, we're now on track for the 30% CAGR case. However, we will continue to assess the pace of our development program to ensure alignment with overall corporate objectives. Turning to our Greater Sand Dunes area on slide 17, we continue to see improvements in our Bone Spring program. On previous calls, we've highlighted our top-tier Second Bone Spring program, but our Third Bone Spring and Wolfcamp XY wells are also yielding play-leading results. We've optimized our well design and landing zone and expect to see continued improvement in returns as we get more oil and drill longer wells. In Q2 we will drill six total Third Bone Spring and Wolfcamp XY wells that utilize existing facilities and contribute to the value-based low capital intensity growth. Given the number of proven high-quality benches, New Mexico will continue to reduce its capital intensity and progress to multi-bench development, where we will realize more than a $10 breakeven reduction, as secondary benches can utilize many of the previous investments from the primary bench. We currently operate two rigs in the Greater Sand Dunes area and can reach five operated rigs by year end. Moving to slide 18, in our Greater Barilla Draw area, we're operating three rigs and will add two additional rigs in the second quarter. We continue to progress the detailed subsurface characterization in mapping in Red Bull South to ensure we maximize value while also working the surface constraints to drill longer laterals. In the short time we've operated Red Bull South, we've reduced the completion cost by 23% while improving well productivity. In the Lockridge area of the Greater Barilla Draw, we performed a Wolfcamp A and Bone Spring spacing test. The wells are achieving type curve, but we found a new landing zone option that we expect to improve future results and add significant value to future development. We expect to exit the year with approximately four to five rigs in the Greater Barilla Draw area. Slide 19 demonstrates where our value-based development is yielding great results in two benches at our Merchant area in the Midland Basin. The teams were able to optimize the landing zone and well design of the Wolfcamp B, which resulted in more oil and a significant increase to the economics of the program. The better well productivity, long laterals, and cost improvements have yielded two development benches with all-in breakevens under $40. We currently have two rigs in Merchant and will average two rigs for the remainder of the year in the Midland Basin. On slide 20, I'd like to introduce a new development technology we call single-location sequenced laterals, or SL2. This is an example where we leveraged our experience with multi-laterals in the Middle East to innovate the unique lower-cost design for onshore unconventional application. The technology will allow us to operate multiple benches in a field at lower full-cycle cost. We believe this technology, which is licensed to OXY, will drop secondary bench breakevens by approximately $5 a barrel. We successfully completed first multi-lateral in December 2016 and are designing many of our new wells to support the technology for future reentry. While we will continue to pilot the technology in 2017, we expect the development application to be in the 2018-plus timeframe, when second and third benches are more predominant in the development program. On slide 21, our logistics and maintenance hub, located in Eddy County, New Mexico, features a transloading facility capable of handling three unit trains of frac sand with 30,000 tons of storage capacity. In addition to frac sand, the logistics hub is also designed to handle hydrochloric acid from OxyChem, oil country tubular goods, and to provide a base for maintenance and support of strategic drilling and completion services. This project represents alignment of top-tier industry partners leveraging their strengths to remove cost inefficiencies from the overall value chain. In addition to economic benefits, this approach provides us with a secured supply of critical materials as well as distribution channels. With the sand supply tightening and existing terminal space being contracted, this project secures OXY's ability to execute our development program in southeast New Mexico without concern for scarcity of supply. This provides OXY the benefit of backward integration, with each partner managing their corresponding core businesses to remove the operational and business risks associated with the conventional vertical integration model. Based on the win-win value assessment for OXY and our partners, we're evaluating options for additional logistics and maintenance hubs in the Greater Barilla Draw and the Midland Basin. Our efforts in the Permian Basin are a clear example how through differentiated value-based approach generates growth and value through a sustainable competitive advantage and differentiates us from our peers. I'll now turn the call back over to Chris Stavros for guidance.
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks. With respect to guidance, we expect our full-year 2017 companywide production growth from ongoing operations and adjusted for the sale of South Texas to be in the range of 4% to 7% or between 595,000 to 615,000 BOE per day. This is unchanged adjusted for South Texas relative to what we said historically. This includes a modest impact of OPEC quota constraints and volume effects under our production sharing contracts due to higher oil prices. Our long-term production growth expectations remain at 5% to 8% per year. As a result of increased drilling activity later in the year, we expect production in the Permian Resources to exit this year at a growth pace approximately 30% higher than year-end 2016 levels. For the second quarter, we expect a significant recovery in total company ongoing production volumes and in the range of 580,000 to 595,000 BOE per day. Production at Permian Resources is expected to be between 135,000 and 140,000 BOE per day in the second quarter. Every $1 per barrel change in WTI affects our annual operating cash flow by about $110 million. In our Midstream business, we see a return to profitability, as we expect the second quarter to generate pre-tax income of between $5 million and $15 million. Foreign income from pipeline and other facilities should improve, as planned maintenance at Al Hosn and Dolphin was completed earlier in the first quarter. A large portion of the financial improvement in Midstream should be driven by wider oil price differentials between Midland and the Gulf Coast and partly as a result of rising production in the Permian Basin. In Chemicals, we anticipate pre-tax earnings of about $200 million for the second quarter as a result of continued improvement in caustic soda prices and the benefit of operations from the new joint venture ethylene cracker. Looking forward, our Chemicals business is on a pace to generate approximately $250 million per quarter of free cash flow for the remainder of the year. I'll now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard A. Jackson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Kate, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yes, good morning and congratulations on the work on lowering breakevens. Maybe if I can talk about the dividend coverage. One of the numbers that helps when investors think about that is maybe the maintenance CapEx number, the CapEx to keep obviously your downstream units in operation and production flat. I don't know if you have an update on that, because obviously international costs are still deflating and the work you're doing in the Permian may have lowered that. So any color there would be helpful.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Ed, currently we're seeing about a $2.2 billion sustaining CapEx, but we do expect that to come down. We're seeing price improvements in international operations. We're also, as you've heard, still seeing significant improvements in our Permian Resources business so that we expect, as that capital intensity goes down, this will also decrease. But with our current situation, we're certainly less than $50 to be able to cover our sustaining capital and dividend.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then good color on the Chemicals. Thanks for that, that $400 million shift. The Midstream is improving, which is good to see. I don't know if you'd be able to hazard a guess at where you see mid-cycle Midstream earnings with the Permian perhaps closer to filling up the pipe sometime next year or 2019.
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think, Ed, certainly the arrows, as I said at the outset, the arrows are pointing in the right direction for that business as well. I think the differentials are suggesting that we see profitable periods for the remainder of the year, frankly, certainly in the second quarter and in the back half of the year as well. So if conditions continue to move in this direction as far as Permian production based on the rig adds that we've seen, it's, frankly, looking pretty good going even into  exiting this year and certainly going into next year as well.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: So you'd figure that there may be some acceleration around that at that point because, obviously, some of it's related to contracts you have that need certain volumes to be hit.
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yes, we would be profitable in excess of any contracts we have in place.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Vicki, I'm not sure who wants to take this one, but I think you've talked about the Permian previously being self-funding in 2018 at around $50. With the higher level of activity, and obviously I think Jody had pointed to the higher end of the growth rate, what does that look like now? Are you still self-funding at $50 oil in 2018 with the higher activity?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Good morning, Doug. This is Jody. Even with the higher activity rate, all it does is push that timeframe out a few months in 2018. So the improvement in capital intensity really does help that timeframe for the Permian Resources breakeven.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate that. The question that continues to come up, obviously, is around the dividend despite your assurances around breakevens and so on. So I wonder, Chris, if you could address one specific issue, which is the roll-off of your Middle Eastern contracts in Qatar, I think 2017 and 2019, respectively. What is the status of those contracts? Is it a material free cash contribution? And just a general status update as to how that might affect the breakeven calculus as you move forward. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Doug, I'd like to start with that. We feel that we're in a good situation in Qatar. First, let me say we don't have anything rolling off in 2017. Actually, our ISND contract would be in October of 2019. But really what we're doing today in Qatar is, I believe, some of the best work that we've done anywhere in our company in a long time. I'm going to have Ken describe some of the things that we're doing there that give us some confidence that we would be able to extend that contract. Saad al-Kaabi, the CEO of Qatar Petroleum, the thing that mattered to him most is that we add the most value possible for every dollar we invest in Qatar. We believe that with the success our teams are having there, that we're going to be able to meet his expectations. And our teams are working well to be able to share best practices, to help each other to accelerate some of the technical work and new technologies that we want to do. So we've actually established some things there that are different than being done anywhere offshore in the Middle East. That, along with the fact that we successfully negotiated the extension of the Block 9 contract in Oman, gives me a lot of confidence that we'll be able to continue. I'll pass it on to Ken to give you some of the details around some of our activities.
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Good morning, Doug. It's Ken. Our approach is basically the same as the one we went with for the Block 9 extension. Our goal is to remain the partner of choice in Qatar. We're focused on technology, reputation, and operational excellence. Our new innovative wellhead platform designs, which provide drilling for about 50% cheaper than conventional Middle Eastern platforms with 40% more capacity, are in detailed design at the moment. Our next-generation reservoir models for ISND and ISSD are nearing completion and showing positive results. And the combination of just these two aspects mean we can deliver the same reserves for less than half the cost than our previously submitted Phase 5 proposal. We're now starting to roll out OXY Drilling Dynamics and OXY lift, so we think we can make improvements on the Phase 5 performance. And we are already the low-cost operator in Qatar. The last thing I'd really like to emphasize is last year offshore we hit zero recordable incidents and we've had none this year. That's really excellent worker safety performance in Qatar and one that I think that the team should be proud of. So we're very focused on this. We have regular meetings and we continue to improve month on month.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just to be clear, it sounds obviously you're  I can't help but think you're pretty optimistic about being able to extend the contract for a number of reasons. But could you quantify the free cash contribution in the current oil price environment, just to put that issue to rest?
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Doug, the best way I would put it is that the plan we have in place from the other assets, and as Vicki discussed certainly around the Permian, would more than make up for cash flow absence if that were to happen in Qatar, I think is what you're asking. It's something that I would view as immaterial relative to the total cash flow that the company generates. By that, I mean less than 5% of the total cash flow that the company generates. So I think that based on the plan that we just laid out, we can accommodate additional cash flow growth and opportunities from the assets that we've got to make up for any shortfall if that were to occur, but we don't think that will happen.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So sub-$200 million sounds about in the ballpark?
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: That's probably right. That's right.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, everybody.
Operator: And the next question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. You guys are telegraphing a stronger commitment to a higher Permian growth rate exiting  I think it was 30%, which is at the high end of the range, in 2017, and you used operational momentum, asset sales, and balance sheet to support it. How do you think about the financial flexibility and willingness to support to continue to outspend if the commodity market remains challenging, or any thresholds? Specifically, you're stepping up as that market is backing off some.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Evan, we want to continue to grow Permian Resources. This is really a drive to continue to lower our cash flow breakeven for not only our growth capital but for additional opportunities in ways that we could use our cash. So currently, we'll continue to be active and aggressive with our development in Permian Resources. We're going to fund that through resources that we have. And so in an oil price above $50, $50 or above, we're going to continue on this path to get to a lower breakeven for our growth capital as well. Now if commodity prices are not what we expect, we would certainly adjust our plans because we do have that flexibility. But at prices above $50 and above, we'll continue on our plan. And with what we see, we expect that this year we will average better than $50, and then next year will be we think even better than that. Oil prices are doing pretty much what we expected them to do. We expected to see volatility early in the year. We expect to see that until inventories come down much further than they have so far. We do have contingency plans, but as of right now with what we see we'll continue aggressively on this path.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: And, Evan, this is Jody. I think that's the reason why we provided you the guidepost between the 20% and the 30% CAGR case to show you that even with growth there's some flexibility in the capital depending on commodity price.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right. And I guess you're running the exit rate at 11 to 13 rigs, which is well above the 9-year average for 2018. It sounds like that's something you'll address as you go into that budgetary period.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Exactly.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Second question, you guys are talking about adding 500 locations to your sub-$50 Permian Resources inventory in 2017. Could you just provide color on what's driving the additions or where is the focus? Are these new locations or moving existing locations down the cost curve, or within that, the 350,000 acres that are in your portfolio, whether you don't have associated location counts? Any color on that program would be helpful.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Evan, good question. And you sound a little like Vicki. I give her 400, and she changes it to 500. It's 400-plus, but our stretch is bigger than that. It's really coming from multiple places. It's second and third bench development in existing areas, so taking benches that may not have been profitable and finding ways to make them profitable through either the lower capital intensity, the better production rate. It is some from the acreage outside of the core areas. But again, you've got to remember, our inventory is big in those core areas. So we're not just working one area; we're working both. I think the other thing that really we see happening is wells  we're not adding wells in some cases, but we're moving them to the left in that inventory curve. So the breakevens are coming down, so really working all three areas.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: But, Evan, let me add. I do appreciate you driving up Jody's target.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: It's at 600, right?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I was looking for that.
Operator: The next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. I guess I'd like to understand. As we think about some of the cash margin and the cash breakeven here, the sale of your South Texas assets, how does the cash margin on something like that compare to the reinvestment? I recognize it's not a sell yesterday, get the cash flow tomorrow kind of thing, but what's the general today to say Q1 next year thought process on something like that?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: What we looked at was the replacement ratio, which is 9,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is three-to-one for Resources production versus South Texas production. And with the funds, we've added sufficient rigs to be able to make up that difference and that cash flow within about five to six months.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's pretty nice cash payback?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yes, it is.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. And then a follow-up to an earlier question on the Midstream. The expectation is that as pipelines start to fill, you're able to recapture some of the differential in the Midstream, something that hasn't been the case over the last probably 18 months. But there's also a lot of expansion in the pipeline system going on. So I was just thinking. As we look to 2018, has some of that recapture potential slipped from 2018 and maybe into 2019, just any clarity you can offer there?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Currently the expansions haven't really occurred, so we're still seeing some benefit from that. Now we expect that through the rest of this year we'll see benefit. Going into 2019, it will depend on the growth trajectory within the Permian Basin, but we do expect significant growth. So we're right now anticipating continued improvement in our Midstream business because of that.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Any way to think about quantifying that though in terms of  I'm just really trying to think. There's typically a utilization level to think about, but then there's also the actual differential. Where are we today on utilization relative to where you think we need to be to start seeing you capture of that differential?
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think we're capturing it now. It's clear in our results. And that was, as I said in the prepared remarks, that was a large portion of the driver for the second quarter improvement. And based on how things are transitioning, it should potentially accelerate in the back half of the year. So I think you're seeing that.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, I'll follow up offline, but I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from John Herrlin of Socit Gnrale. Please go ahead.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Hi. With respect to big data, could you be a little bit more specific about what you're doing? Is it for better frackability, better design in your wells? What specifically are you doing, and what kind of savings do you think it will bring you?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: John, this is Jody. It's really multiple areas. One of the first areas was a multi-variant analysis combining both geologic data and completion data to speed up the process of finding optimum frac designs. We're utilizing analytics and OXY Drilling Dynamics. It's what we call OXY Drilling Dynamics 2, which is putting predictability of motor yields and motor performance into that program. It's around reservoir modeling, being able to take what we do as a very  just slower process for reservoir optimization using very robust models, we actually are using a low-resolution model that we can optimize the injectant more on a real-time basis. That applies in Mukhaizna for steam flood. It will apply to our water floods. And then we will move to our CO2 flood. So these higher-cost injectants get optimized on a day-to-day basis. And I could just keep going here. The list is longer than the resources to tackle these, so we're putting them in priority order. We're really excited about what analytics can do to real step changes in our business going forward.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Great. Then the next one for me is on your logistics hub. Is this enough for your intermediate-term growth, or will you be building another one down the line?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: So in southeast New Mexico, it's sufficient for our intermediate and long-term growth. There's quite a bit of capacity there. We also see it, as you mature in an area and you move off of the rapid growth and now you're into the day-to-day operating cycle, we have enough space there that you can start thinking about maintenance shops for pumping units and compressors. And so it migrates over time from a capital logistics and maintenance hub to an operating hub. And so we're looking in both Greater Barilla Draw and now in Midland to see what aspects of the Southeast New Mexico project make sense there.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning all. Thank you. Vicki, historically the company's differentiation, and you spoke about differentiation in your comments, has been the dividend and the growth in the dividend. I assume that the lower breakevens that you're talking about and everything else are ultimately aiming towards the growth in the dividend approximately in line with volume growth. Is that fair? And could you also just repeat the free cash flow numbers from Chemicals? And, if you could, give us that number for the quarter? That would be all part of the same thought process. Thanks.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah, Paul. We're trying to drive our cash flow breakevens down just for that. What we want to do is be positioned to be able to resume significant growth of the  or maybe I should say moderate growth, not exactly the growth we've seen over the last 10 to 15 years prior to the downturn in the dividend, but we do want to grow the dividend at a meaningful rate. So that's the reason for this accelerated growth to get to a lower breakeven.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: And the Chemicals?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Rob?
Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Chemical Corp.: Free cash flow from Chemicals should be in the range of about $750 million for the year.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: That's for this year and that could then be considered a run rate?
Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Chemical Corp.: Plus the additional $75 million I described in the prepared remarks for the contribution full year of the cracker and the refrigerant plant.
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: The run rate, Paul, as I said, is $250 million for each quarter for the remainder of the year and then it accelerates into 2018.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. I just thought it actually bore repeating and I wanted to make sure I heard you straight. That's great. Thanks very much indeed.
Operator: The next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, hi. Good morning. My first question is just going back to the cash flow breakeven at $50 WTI. The slide was talking about including growth capital in the number. So I was wondering what total capital number you're using there. Would it be consistent with the $3.6 billion that you're talking about for this year, or a higher number?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Ultimately for 2018, the number would be higher. But on a run-rate basis, to provide the 5% growth would be somewhere in the $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion range.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So if I look at that slide then and I take $3.6 billion or something slightly higher and the dividend of about $2.4 billion, that would imply CFO of around $6 billion at $50 WTI. And, Chris, I know a couple quarters ago for this year you talked about I believe at $50 it's $4.5 billion. So I was just wondering what drives a one-third increase in the implied CFO to get to that breakeven.
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: What drives it higher is the better margins and better productivity and better wells that we're seeing in the Permian Basin, number one, better margins and the refocus of the capital that we've discussed today from South Texas and from other things going forward. What drives it is the improvement relatively versus several quarters ago in the Chemicals business. What drives it is the improvement in the Midstream business that we're seeing that we had not seen several quarters ago. So there are several items that, frankly, have changed in a markedly better way that give us more confidence in our ability to generate that higher number going forward with the reinvestment and better conditions in some of the other businesses.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. Last question, just the domestic OpEx number. Chris, I think it went from $13 billion to $14 billion for the year. I was just wondering. What was the main driver of higher domestic OpEx?
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yeah, the main driver really is just reconstituting the number for the absence of South Texas going forward and a little bit higher prices for injectant CO2 prices. That's really it.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning. I appreciate some of the specifics on big data in response to the earlier question. I wanted to probe on what you think is uniquely going to be OXY here because I think beyond the secondary and tertiary recovery that has long been an OXY strength, it seems like you're confident in the ability to drive higher recovery rates from primary drilling versus peers. And I wanted to see what you think gets you to a superior recovery rate versus simply increasing recovery rate at a similar pace as your competitors.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Brian, this is Jody. At this point, probably not talking about what recovery mechanism might be the optimum. We've got experience everywhere, Ken's Mukhaizna field, the Qatar field, in our EOR business we find ways to get the most recovery out of these reservoirs economically. And so we believe the unconventional business is an incredible target because the recoveries in primary are so low. And so we believe OXY is uniquely positioned to find that extra 5% or 10% additional recovery and leverage the infrastructure investment we've already made in those fields.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And that is in part by the various types of data analytics that you mentioned in response to the earlier question that you think will end up being more proprietary?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think analytics plays a role there in accelerating your learning because you can do many things by analyzing the data quickly with different models that prevent you from having to do them with experiments or trials in the field. But it will be a combination of data analytics, field trials, laboratory work, research work that then point us to the right application of a technology, depending on which type of reservoir. Again, it all begins with the core understanding of the reservoir. Does the underlying rock fabric have some higher fraction of conventional fabric? Is it truly a source rock shale, very high organic? That application will be specific to the reservoir.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. And then on the SL2, the multi-lateral wells, can you talk to the timeline for pilot results and what those pilots look like versus the schematic on slide 20?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We've completed our first one. We've drilled the second lateral, and the key part of that is we have stimulated the second lateral. So as the second lateral depletes, we're in the process of removing the frac string and then we'll put it on artificial lift. We'll do more of those this year. The real application of the technology plays out in 2018 and beyond because that's when you're doing your second and third bench development as a higher proportion of the program.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, one very quick one, Chris. Did you say earlier what you expect 2Q asset sale proceeds to be net after tax?
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We said  or I said that I expect the proceeds from South Texas to be nearly $600 million net after tax.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And the final question today comes from Doug Terreson of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning, everybody. I just have a quick question on corporate governance and specifically your new documents, which indicated a little bit of a shift away from the returns-based metric that you've used historically in favor of payouts that are based on total shareholder return, which is pretty similar to that of your peers. And so when you consider the emphasis on returns and value in your materials and commentary today, which is pretty prominent, my question is was this change undertaken because returns and other measures appear to be consumed by total shareholder in your view, or is something else at work here, meaning why did we have the shift there?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We had a shift because it was really a situation where we wanted to ensure that we were still looking at the metrics with respect to how others are performing. In the cyclic industry that we're in, we're in a situation where returns were very much impacted, as you know, by oil prices. Now we're in a situation where we have internally targets for all of our executives that are based to some degree on a returns metric. Going forward, we expect to resume including the returns metric as a part of our performance management programs. And that will be because of the fact that we believe that in the situation that we're in today, we're now generating positive earnings. We'll generate again positive returns on capital employed. And that's always been something that's been important for us, and it will be and is today an internal metric.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, so it's as important as it's ever been, it sounds like.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: It is. That's why we've talked about it so much today. We're really building our business and we've gone through this whole process, this painful process I'll say of exiting 300,000 barrels a day to get us into a position where every dollar we spend goes for the highest possible return projects. Exiting the things that we did with the timing that we had has now given us the opportunity to grow production with the best possible quality assets. And you look at it, every asset we have today is generating double-digit returns on capital employed. And so we're better positioned now to take advantage of that, and our company is going to be able in the future to excel in that area.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: No, that's textbook. Thanks a lot.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Richard Jackson for closing remarks.
Richard A. Jackson - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Kate. We would just like to thank everybody for joining us today and look forward to future discussions with our team. Thanks.
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Degner - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Asit Sen - CLSA Americas LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation's fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Degner. Please go ahead.
Christopher M. Degner - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's fourth quarter 2016 conference call. On the call with us today are: Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jody Elliott, President of Domestic Oil & Gas; Sandy Lowe, Group Chairman, Middle East; Ken Dillon, President of International Operations; Chris Stavros, Chief Financial Officer; and Rob Peterson, President of OxyChem. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our fourth quarter 2016 earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules, our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations, and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Today we'll provide you a summary of our 2016 results, a high-level preview of 2017, and a more detailed update of our Permian inventory. But the key message I'd like to convey is that we will continue to provide value to our shareholders through an attractive dividend and an ability to grow our cash flow and earnings through moderate production growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet. This has been our strategy for a long time and it has not changed. What has changed is that we have dramatically derisked the delivery of that value proposition. The quality of our portfolio today enables us to achieve our corporate goals through organic growth. Our exit from non-core areas along with proving up our Permian Resources inventory provides us with a good blend of low-decline long-term cash flow generating assets that are important to support our dividends, along with significant short-cycle growth opportunities. We can now provide all of our targeted cash flow and earnings growth through organic development. In fact, Permian Resources can do it alone. From 2013 to 2016, we've doubled Permian Resources production. We can more than double it again over the next four years in a moderate commodity price environment. We can do this because we are a more geographically-focused company today. This focus has led to technical and operational improvements in all of our core areas. We have long been recognized as a global leader in enhanced recovery technology. As shown on slides 6 through 8, with our more focused approach, we have built on our historical successes and are achieving even greater success today in our core international operations. A recent example is the Al Hosn gas team, who increased the rated capacity of the gas plant to 110% of its original nameplate. We have now achieved the same level of success in our unconventional operations in the Permian. In late 2013, we began the transformation of our unconventional business by restructuring into smaller strategic teams with greater emphasis on subsurface technical excellence and operational execution efficiency. This has paid off as we executed an aggressive appraisal program in 2014 followed by focused development plans in 2015 and 2016. Our expanded subsurface expertise along with our innovative drilling and completion practices has resulted in step-change improvements in our unconventional operations. We can now generate play-leading returns that are robust, even with lower oil prices. Jody will provide more detail on our Permian business. As excited as we are about Permian Resources, the powerful combination of our long-term resource potential, our technical capability, and our partner relationships is even more compelling. The Permian, our Middle East countries, and Colombia all have one thing in common. They have significant remaining resource potential waiting to be unlocked by our technical expertise, from primary to secondary to tertiary recovery. Unlike some of our competition, we don't have to look elsewhere for opportunities, and we believe the Middle East and the Permian will continue to play a critical role in supplying the energy needed to meet the world's ever-increasing needs. We are unique in providing this opportunity to investors. In 2016, our oil and gas operations continued to lower total cost structure and increase recoveries from our reservoirs. You'll see the impact of this later in our reserve statistics. Slides 10 through 12 show highlights of key 2016 accomplishments in all of our areas. I won't read them all, but I would like to point out that we ended 2016 with $2.2 billion in cash, and we were able to achieve the higher end of our production guidance with less capital than expected. This is due to our capital execution efficiencies and is reflected in our F&D costs. We replaced nearly 190% of our production at a cost of $9.65 per BOE. As a result, our total proved reserves increased from 2.2 billion BOE to 2.4 billion BOE, mostly due to Al Hosn and Permian Resources. Al Hosn reserves increased due to better than expected reservoir performance. The increased reserves in Permian Resources were driven by a successful development program and higher well productivity. Based on our Permian Resources current inventory of 11,650 wells, we'll be able to continue to replace reserves for the foreseeable future. Our current proved reserves are limited only by the five-year SEC rule. Last year's drilling program in Permian Resources delivered strong reserve replacement at an F&D cost of less than $9 per BOE. When combined with our total cash costs of approximately $11 per BOE, an incremental dollar investment in our Permian Resources business delivers pre-tax margins in excess of 50% at $55 WTI. As we go into 2017, we have more confidence in the stability of the oil markets and increased flexibility in our capital plan, as we have completed most of our multiyear investment programs. We are encouraged by the recent OPEC decision to lower production quotas, and we've seen the read-through in our operations and an increased demand for our crude in international markets. Our capital plan will prepare the business for an improved commodity price environment heading into 2018 while maintaining the flexibility to adjust activity if market conditions warrant. We'll continue improving our operational and technical excellence to further reduce our cost structure and improve recoveries. Based on our available cash and market conditions, we'll execute a capital plan of between $3 billion and $3.6 billion in 2017. In addition to cash flow from operations, our capital program will be supported by cash flow from a sizable tax refund and the monetization of non-core assets. We're reducing capital in Permian EOR and Chemicals while holding capital flat in the Middle East and Midstream. We'll increase capital moderately in Colombia and significantly in Permian Resources. Our plan anticipates oil prices to remain approximately as reflected in the futures markets. In the Permian Basin, the increase in capital spending will be mostly directed to increased activity in southeast New Mexico and the Greater Barilla Draw area. As I mentioned previously, the short-cycle nature of our development programs provide us the flexibility necessary in an uncertain market environment. If we see declines in oil prices, we will adjust our capital program down. With increased spending in our oil and gas business, we expect production from our core assets to grow 4% to 7% in 2017 adjusted for production-sharing contract effects. Most of the increase in production will be driven by Permian Resources. In closing, I'd like to reiterate that our cash flow priorities have not changed. Our top priority for cash flow is and always will be the safety of our employees, contractors, and public along with the maintenance of our operations. The next priority is to support the growth of our dividend. Any remaining available cash will be used to fund growth opportunities, primarily through organic growth and Permian Resources. All of our decisions are driven by a focus on returns and our strategy to continue to grow the dividend over the long term. As you know, this puts us in a unique position in the industry. We are more similar to majors with respect to our dividend, cash flow, and balance sheet objectives. But unlike majors, we have a greater growth potential because we have an incredible portfolio. To maximize the value of this unique position, we must be technically excellent and have a high level of operational efficiency. Focus will do this for us, allowing us to widen our competitive advantage. And, we'll continue to make deliberate decisions with respect to capital allocation. Keeping our capital allocation decisions consistent with our long-term strategy we believe will result in increased stock market value. Now I'll turn the call to Chris Stavros for a review of our financial results.
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks, Vicki, and good morning everyone. Today I'll focus on the following items: a brief review of the fourth quarter and full-year 2016 financial results; cash flow and liquidity items into 2017; and guidance for oil and gas production and specific business segment items for the first quarter and full year. As Vicki noted, we ended last year with improved results in our core operations. We anticipate this momentum carrying into 2017 as a result of higher commodity prices, continued growth in our production volumes, and vigorous cost management. This is expected to lead to improved profitability and cash flow this year. Fourth quarter 2016 reported financial results for GAAP purposes were a loss of $0.36 per diluted share. Our fourth quarter reported results included a non-cash accounting adjustment to book an allowance for doubtful accounts. Our core financial results for the fourth quarter of 2016 were a loss of $97 million or $0.13 per diluted share compared to a loss of $112 million or $0.15 a share during the third quarter. Oil and gas pre-tax core income for the fourth quarter of 2016 was $2 million compared to losses of $49 million in the third quarter and $106 million during last year's fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter of 2016, total company oil and gas production volumes averaged 607,000 BOE per day, coming in at the high end of our guidance. Full-year 2016 production of 602,000 BOE per day from ongoing operations grew 7% and was better than expected due to stronger growth in Permian Resources and improved operations at Al Hosn gas. Permian Resources production of 123,000 BOE per day during the fourth quarter improved sequentially due to our recent acquisition and increased drilling activity in the Delaware Basin. Resources production for the full year of 2016 grew 13% to 124,000 BOE per day despite a two-thirds reduction in year-over-year capital. These results were achieved due through a combination of better management around our base production and greater productivity from new wells. Higher fourth quarter volumes marks a turning point for Permian Resources, as accelerated drilling activity and improved well performance is expected to lead to stronger growth in 2017. Full-year 2016 cash operating costs in Permian Resources were $8.43 per BOE, a 25% improvement compared to full-year 2015 costs. Our overall Permian oil and gas operations generated more than $130 million of free cash flow after capital during the fourth quarter, a sequential quarterly improvement of over $100 million. International production for the fourth quarter was 311,000 BOE per day, flat with the third quarter. Cash operating costs for our ongoing international oil and gas operations declined by 11% to approximately $10 per BOE for all of 2016. Our international oil and gas operations from our core four countries generated more than $200 million of free cash flow during the fourth quarter. Chemicals fourth quarter 2016 pre-tax core earnings of $152 million increased from $117 million on a sequential quarterly basis, well above our guidance of $100 million for the quarter. Improvement in caustic soda prices was the single largest driver of higher profitability, as firm global demand and reduced supply tightened markets. Higher vinyl margins, driven by lower ethylene costs, also boosted quarterly results. Our Chemicals business generated roughly $140 million of free cash flow after capital during the fourth quarter. Midstream pre-tax core results were a loss of $48 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared to a loss of $20 million in the third quarter. The lower sequential earnings reflected a decrease in equity income from our PAGP interest following their recent simplification, lower seasonal margins in our power and foreign pipeline assets, and mark-to-market impacts in our marketing business due to volatility in crude oil prices during the quarter. Turning to our cash flows for the 12 months of 2016, we generated $3.6 billion of cash flow from continuing operations before working capital. Changes in working capital consumed $400 million of cash, most of which occurred during the first half of the year. Capital expenditures for 2016 were $2.9 billion, approximately half the prior year's outlay and below our original budget of $3 billion. Total oil and gas spending for the year was nearly $2 billion, a 55% decline compared to 2015. Despite the sharp drop in year-over-year capital spending, we managed to grow our production volume 7% during 2016. Last year we spent approximately $1.7 billion on asset acquisitions net of divestitures, primarily on oil and gas properties in the Permian Basin. We received $1.5 billion of net proceeds from debt issuance last year and have no material amount of debt maturities until 2021. We also received $880 million of cash from our settlement with Ecuador. In November, the major rating agencies affirmed our single-A credit rating along with a stable outlook. We also returned $2.3 billion to our shareholders in the form of cash dividends. For 2017, we have more than ample liquidity to execute our business plan. We started the year with $2.2 billion of cash, as Vicki mentioned, after generating $1 billion of cash from operations before working capital in the fourth quarter at WTI prices slightly under $50 a barrel. We anticipate oil prices rising moderately through the year, and everyone $1 per barrel change in oil price impacts our cash flow by about $100 million annually. Higher oil prices together with growing production from Permian Resources should improve free cash flow after capital by more than $500 million from our combined Permian operations. Better pricing as well as improved production and cost reductions at Al Hosn and in Oman should increase free cash flow from our international oil and gas operations by more than $400 million compared to last year. Improved crude oil marketing economics, better NGL pricing, and the ramp-up of the Ingleside oil storage and export facility is expected to contribute approximately $150 million to $200 million of additional cash flow this year. Free cash flow from our Chemicals business is expected to increase by about $400 million in 2017 due to higher caustic soda prices, the startup of the joint venture ethylene cracker, and lower capital spending. The combination of a continued favorable global supply/demand balance and low inventories are expected to support further improvement in caustic soda prices in the market. Each $10 per ton increase in our realized price for caustic soda results in approximately $30 million of additional cash flow. We expect to receive a cash tax refund in excess of $700 million sometime during the second quarter of this year. We also plan to monetize some non-core and non-strategic assets, including our investment in the Plains General Partnership, which should generate proceeds of approximately $1.5 billion this year. Beyond our immediate needs to fund our dividend and stated range of capital spending, excess cash would be reinvested in high-return opportunities and to accelerate growth, primarily in Permian Resources. In terms of our capital spending, we adjusted our capital program last year in response to the sharp decline in product prices, especially during the first three quarters, with our full-year 2016 outlays of $2.9 billion at roughly half the prior year. For 2017, our plan is to remain disciplined with our capital within the current product price environment. We will focus on allocating our capital where we have the highest return and opportunities for growth, and will harvest cash flow from assets where longer-term capital requirements are largely complete. As Vicki mentioned, we estimate our 2017 total capital program to be between $3 billion and $3.6 billion. The range of capital will depend on continued gradual improvement in market fundamentals and stability around product prices. Our committed project capital is expected to decline by more than $1 billion from our 2014 outlays to an estimated $200 million this year. The reduction in capital for committed projects provides greater flexibility in our budget to pursue shorter-cycle growth opportunities. With respect to guidance and as Vicki mentioned, we expect our full-year 2017 production growth from ongoing operations to be in the range of 4% to 7%, between 625,000 to 645,000 BOE per day, slightly impacted by OPEC quota constraints and volume impacts under our production-sharing contracts due to higher oil prices. Our production growth expectations over the long term remain at 5% to 8%. Increased spending and drilling activity in Permian Resources is expected to provide production growth of 13% to 20% this year, with total volumes in a range of between 140,000 and 150,000 BOE per day. Production in Permian Resources is anticipated to exit this year nearly 25% higher than year-end 2016 levels. Operational improvements at Al Hosn are expected to account for an additional 8,000 BOE per day of production this year compared to 2016. For the first quarter, we expect our companywide production volumes to be in the range of 590,000 to 595,000 BOE per day. Seasonal maintenance turnarounds associated with gas-related projects at Al Hosn and Dolphin are expected to reduce volumes by about 15,000 BOE per day in the quarter and are expected to return to full capacity for the remainder of the year. Higher oil prices should slightly reduce our Middle East volumes under our production-sharing contracts, although better prices would also generate higher cash flow. Production at Permian Resources is expected to be between 127,000 a day and 132,000 BOE per day in the first quarter. In Midstream, we expect the first quarter to generate a pre-tax loss of between $60 million and $70 million. The lower anticipated sequential result is mainly attributed to annual planned maintenance in our foreign pipeline business. We expect spreads between Midland and the Gulf Coast to be fairly consistent with the fourth quarter and anticipate receiving a slight uplift from our Ingleside crude terminal, which is now fully operational. As 2017 progresses, we expect Midstream earnings to gradually improve, generating positive income in the second half of the year. A large portion of the improvement should be driven by increased spreads between Midland of the Gulf Coast as a result of rising production in the Permian Basin. In Chemicals, we anticipate pre-tax earnings of about $150 million for the first quarter on continued strength in caustic soda prices, partly offset by higher energy and ethylene costs impacting our margins. Construction of the Ingleside ethylene cracker is nearly complete and we anticipate startup this quarter. Our DD&A expense for oil and gas is expected to be about $15 per BOE for 2017 compared to $15.44 per BOE last year, partially as a result of lower finding and development costs last year. The combined depreciation for the Chemicals and Midstream segments should be approximately $685 million. Cash operating costs for the domestic oil and gas business should be about $13 per BOE during 2017 compared to $12.12 per BOE last year, with much of the increase due to higher costs for purchased injectant and higher energy-related costs. Exploration expense for the full year is estimated to be about $100 million pre-tax, with $25 million of the anticipated cost in the first quarter. Every $1 per barrel change in WTI affects our annual operating cash flow by about $100 million. A swing of $0.50 per 1 million BTUs in domestic natural gas prices affects annual operating cash flow by about $45 million. Using current strip prices for oil and gas, we expect our full-year 2017 domestic tax rate to be about 36%. Our international tax rate should be about 55%. I'll now turn the call over to Jody Elliott, who will provide more specific details around our 2017 plans for increased drilling activity in Permian Resources and a fresh update around our high-quality drilling inventory.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. During 2016 we asked our teams to outperform many demanding operational and financial targets. Our teams rose to the occasion and exceeded our expectations during an extremely challenging time in our industry's history. Our team showed their resolve and ingenuity by staying focused on the priority needs of the business while developing new ideas and innovative technologies. In particular, I'd like to acknowledge our field employees, who maintained a safe and productive environment every day across our operational locations. Our four main accomplishments in the Permian Basin during 2016 were: continued reduction in our operating expenses; additional gains in drilling and completion efficiencies; further increases in the productivity of our wells; and continued improvement of our base production. During the two-year downturn we reduced our operating expenses by over 27% on a per-BOE basis and reduced our drilling and completion costs 33%. We decreased our F&D costs by 25% while realizing 10% compounded annual growth in our production. We continue to build our improvements for long-term sustainability and believe we're positioned to continue this progress into 2017 and beyond. With over 2.5 million acres of diverse and growing opportunities, we believe we're uniquely positioned to be the long-term leader in the Permian Basin. Today we'd like to share more insight into our acreage position, our priorities, and our key development areas. One of the highlights of our position and the focus of much of our development and growing inventories is our 650,000 net acres in the Delaware and Midland Basins. Permian Resources had another successful year of understanding our resource base and improving our development inventory value. We increased the number of under-$50 WTI breakeven locations by approximately 1,250 wells, while at the same time increasing the average lateral length of each well by 20% to 7,100 feet. These accomplishments along with many more give us the ability to drive double-digit growth from these assets for the foreseeable future. Additionally, we will share an update from our Permian EOR business, where our inventory of less than $6.00 BOE future development cost opportunities have now grown to over 870 million BOE. The Resources and EOR assets and capabilities along with our dominant acreage position in the greater Permian set OXY up for a successful future. And finally, as Vicki mentioned, we continue to stay focused on our capital-efficient return-based development approach by seeking additional ways to maximize the net present value of the portfolio. As we've communicated in the past, our entire Permian acreage position encompasses 2.5 million net acres, with 1.4 million in our unconventional business area and 1.1 million in our Enhanced Oil Recovery business. Approximately 650,000 net acres of the 1.4 million lies within the Delaware and Midland Basin boundary lines, as indicated on the map on slide 31. We consider these our core unconventional acres. Of the 650,000 core unconventional acres, we've evaluated approximately 300,000 acres and have moved them into our development portfolio. The updated inventory count of 11,650 locations is associated with these 300,000 net acres. We will continue to evaluate the remaining 350,000 net core unconventional acres, as we have a high degree of confidence in the potential and value of this acreage. Much of this acreage is already being appraised and will be part of a growing inventory over the next few years. Our New Mexico Delaware Basin position encompasses 290,000 net acres and includes the Greater Sand Dunes area, a key development position which I will speak to shortly. In the Texas Delaware Basin, we have 150,000 net acres, which includes 35,000 net acres from our recent acquisition in the Greater Barilla Draw, a development area which is now over 100,000 acres. In the Midland Basin, OXY holds approximately 210,000 net unconventional acres. Other unconventional opportunities include 215,000 net acres in the Central Basin Platform and 150,000 high-potential net acres in the New Mexico Northwest Shelf. Finally, we continue to advance development potential across many areas, including 50,000 net acres within our emerging unconventional position, and another 335,000 net acres are in the appraisal queue. We believe these opportunities can be exploited using our unconventional appraisal and disciplined development approach. Turning to slide 32, we've provided an update to the breakeven economics of our drilling locations associated with the 300,000 net development portfolio acres. Before speaking to the year-over-year changes, I would like to reemphasize. The average lateral length of the locations represented in the chart has increased from 5,950 feet to 7,100 feet. In total, we added 3,150 locations, an increase of 37%. Nearly half of our drilling inventory or 5,300 locations are economic under $70 WTI. But what is most important in today's price environment is that our team nearly doubled our breakeven under-$50 WTI inventory to 2,500 locations. Furthermore, we believe our inventory will continue to move towards a lower breakeven as we improve our efficiencies and increase our well productivity through continued subsurface evaluation, integration of 3-D seismic, and data analytics. Moving on to growth potential through disciplined capital-efficient development on slide 34, we illustrate our ability to accelerate growth through the end of the decade. Under a moderate scenario of a ramp to nine rigs by 2019, we conservatively believe we can drive a production CAGR of 20%. In an upside scenario with a ramp to 15 rigs by 2019, we conservatively believe that we can drive a production CAGR of 30%. Our intention with this graph is to demonstrate the capabilities of these two core development-ready assets rather than indicating any particular future capital spend. On the next slide, we'd like to highlight the two areas that will drive our growth at low-breakevens for many years to come, the Greater Barilla Draw and the Greater Sand Dunes. We've spoken quite a bit about our industry-leading position in the Greater Barilla Draw. Equally as important is our position we've identified as the Greater Sand Dunes. We have four proven economic zones in this region and are delineating four other zones, with a combined potential of over 2,000 wells. This is one of our most prolific positions in our portfolio and has continued to improve. There are several key value drivers I'll highlight on the next few slides. The majority of our $1 billion to $1.4 billion capital budget will be allocated to these two areas, with approximately 80% in reserve-adding capital investment. This will fund roughly six operated rigs and two equivalent non-operated rigs during 2017. We expect to drill and complete 117 operated wells, which does not include the wells from our non-operated investments. While we prioritize development to these positions in the short term, we expect similar breakthroughs in other areas of our acreage position that will continue to improve through our subsurface characterization efforts and innovative technologies. Turning to the next slide, we demonstrate how our wells have improved from prior performance and are also industry-leading in the area. In the top chart, our Second Bone Spring six-month cumulative results have improved 150% from our old design in 2014 to our most recent wells in the second half of 2016. This was a result of improved wellbore placement through our subsurface characterization efforts and continued stimulation design improvements that include increased proppant loading from 1,000 to 2,100 pounds per foot and decreased cluster spacing from about 100 feet to about 50 feet. In the bottom chart, our most recent well results continue to improve, with average 30-day rates of 1,479 barrels of oil per day. On slide 37, you'll see why we're so excited about this area of our portfolio. With 6,000 feet of gross interval and multiple zones enabling returns greater than 50%, we're developing this area to produce for many years to come. Our three most recent Cedar Canyon wells averaged a 30-day BOE per day rate of over 2,200 with 80% oil cuts. And similarly, a recent well in the Wolfcamp XY IP-ed at a rate higher than 2,100 with a 71% oil cut. As we look forward and continue our improvement in well costs, we continue to focus on all three areas for progress, design, operational performance, and managing our market or contractual cost. As we show with the New Mexico Second Bone Spring well cost example, most of our cost performance gains have come through our efforts in operational performance. We see opportunities in both design and operational performance as we continue into 2017. And we'll be focused on reducing our drilling times, improving our execution of our evolving frac designs, and continuing to use technological advancements like produced water fracs. Areas like New Mexico, where we will be entering into our manufacturing mode phase, will help us progress this quickly. Further, as we move into a potential upward cycle of industry activity and cost inflation, we believe taking actions to sustain execution performance gains is the key. To support this, we are working with our service contractors to target areas and partnerships to allow us advantages with joint logistics and operational performance capabilities. We believe this proactive and collaborative work focused on overall supply chain and operational efficiency provides us the ability to sustain and even improve our well cost over the long term. Moving to our Permian EOR business, I'd like to highlight the vast inventory of low F&D projects that stretch across the Permian Basin. Our industry-leading expertise in secondary and tertiary recovery, vast infrastructure, and secured CO2 sourcing provide us with a unique portfolio to maximize recoveries across our acreage position. We're currently recovering hydrocarbons from the Grayburg down to the Devonian and realizing recovery factors above 60% in some of our CO2 floods. The EOR assets have been the foundation for our Permian business and will continue to play a role in our portfolio as we invest in low F&D projects that provide significant cash flow for growth. 2016 was a great year for our EOR business. We made additional improvements in operating and capital efficiency while continuing to improve recoveries and maintain our base production. At the end of 2015, we began Phase 1 of the CO2 flood in South Hobbs. We're extremely pleased with the response from the reservoir, as results have been better than expected, and we're planning to implement Phase 2 in 2017. Our combined portfolio of unconventional and conventional acreage differentiates our position from that of our competitors. Our Permian Basin assets and our unconventional and EOR development capabilities and technology give us a unique perspective on creating long-term shareholder value. With over 40 years operating large field manufacturing-like CO2 operations, our workforce is skilled in managing diverse reservoirs for improved recoveries and value. Our Resources teams have continued to enhance our subsurface characterization, development capabilities, and technology as well. We believe the combination of these businesses and capabilities in addition to our vast Permian acreage position provides the ability to generate valuable growth opportunities for OXY. We are well positioned to find new and innovative ways to increase ultimate recovery in areas with massive resource potential but with low primary recoveries. To close, we believe we've come a long way in leveraging the potential of the combination of the unconventional and EOR businesses in our Permian position. The importance of running these two businesses together will grow even more over time. We also understand that having the resource matters little without pulling forward value in the near term. To achieve this, we will pursue opportunities to continue to increase net present value for our shareholders. I'll now turn the call back to Chris Degner.
Christopher M. Degner - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Jody. We will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: The first question comes from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, everybody, and thanks a lot for the new disclosure this morning. My question is your relative capital allocation in 2017, it's increasing for the Permian Resources up to the mid-30s following these positive well results and inventory update. That appears to be a shift in the strategy towards the Permian. So how should we think about relative capital allocation within this growth bucket? Is it the high end of your Permian guidance, the first call on incremental capital above the dividend and maintenance? And would asset sales like those mentioned in Chris's opening comments, would that drive activity upside in 2017 on the strip, or how do you plan that?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks, Evan. First of all, going back to our cash flow priorities, when we're looking at the use of cash flow from operations, as I said in my script, we first allocate to our maintenance capital, our HES [Health, Environment, Safety] safety and sustainability capital. Then we fund the dividend. Beyond that, what we consider the growth capital, to allocate that, what we really look at is the combination of what it can provide for us in terms of returns, and also what it does for us in terms of long-term cash flow. So when we make the allocation decisions, it's a combination of those two that we need to support our objectives and to continue to support the dividend. But within the portfolio now in terms of what we see in the Permian Resources business, that has been and will continue to be generally our highest return business. And we had this past year  it was really a focus for us. We've said for a long time that the Permian Basin is pretty much the foundation of our company, and so Permian Resources is the main growth engine. However, as you can see from the slide 23, of our free cash flow swing in 2017, $400 million we're expecting to come from our international operations. And of that $400 million, about two-thirds of that will come from our Block 9 contract, which we re-signed last month. So the rest will come from Colombia and Al Hosn. So it's critically important for us to continue to work on growing our cash flow while at the same time ensuring that we invest as much as we can in the Permian Resources business, which for now for us is generating really good returns.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Maybe just a point of clarification, does the asset sales that were mentioned earlier, do asset sales then drive upside to what you've provided in the guidance today?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Today's guidance was based on the liquidity that we expect to have available to us for 2017. So we don't expect any increase in our capital spend for 2017. We expect $3.6 billion to be the upper end. We'll go into 2018 with what we believe is a pretty strong cash balance, and we'll plan accordingly for increases in capital in 2018 should the market conditions warrant. So what we will look at is we'll look at the prices for not only oil, but in our Chemicals business, and we'll see what the market conditions look like.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, my second question, if I could. If we go to the new updated inventory data, can you provide color on what  I think you did in some of your prepared comments, but color on what the 300,000 acres that the location count is based upon represents? Meaning I just want to understand potential location upside from what's been analyzed and understand better your cash priority statement that includes acquisitions, if that reflects a desire to add acreage in the Permian.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Okay, we'll let Jody answer the first part of that.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Evan, good morning. The 300,000 acres, I think the way to think about that is it's really development-ready. We've been through that appraisal, subsurface evaluation, infrastructure investment, precursor to getting it to our development team. So that's the 300,000. The difference between that and the 650,000 is that's now in the appraisal queue, being worked. A lot of that is being derisked by competitor activity and our OBO [Operated by Others] activity. So that's the difference between the 300,000 and the 650,000 acres.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: And, Evan, with respect to the monetization of assets, we're continually looking at opportunities too in our portfolio and prioritizing the projects that we have, and we'll always do that. And there may be opportunities down the road where we may find things that would be better monetized today rather than waiting on development. The issue in the Permian Basin is that everywhere we look, as we look deeper, we find more opportunities. So the Permian is a place where we think that it's first of all very difficult to drill a dry hole there. Secondly, the more you learn about it and the more you engineer it, the better your wells get. And so we value that portfolio, but we're still very conscious of the fact that we need to optimize the net present value. So we'll continually look at that. It's this process that we've gone through that's driven us to exit the non-core areas that we've exited in the last couple years. So we'll continue that process.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Mr. Westlake, your line is open. Next we have Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thank you. I'll take Ed's question for him. Actually, we could go back to the discussion, Jody, at the end there, the 2,500 locations, and then I guess the discussion of the 650,000 acres. What should we think of as the key items that get analyzed and changed such that you are able to double the number of locations and then think about and increase the number of below-$50 breakeven locations going forward? What are the critical path items we should be paying attention to here?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Roger, for us it's really probably two things. It's better execution efficiency. So we're drilling more wells with the same number of rigs at a lower cost. So our time to market is faster. That changes your economics. The other is subsurface characterization combined with stimulation design. So we're landing our wells in places that we believe give us the highest stimulated rock volume. We're staying in zone at a much, much higher percentage through our drilling technologies. And our stimulation designs, in general you're seeing larger, per-sand volumes tighter cluster spacing. But those are really custom designed by each area. So that's really created a lot of the increase as well as we continue to appraise and derisk new acreage. The 2,500 locations below $50, I would think that's a pretty conservative number given that our approach to spacing we think about in that capital-efficient return-based approach. We don't want to overcapitalize these assets, and so we look hard at what spacing ought to be. We evaluate that. We test different spacing scenarios, and then continue to look at spacing scenarios from our OBO exposure and learn from those as well.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. And then along those lines, as we think about on slide 34 the nine-rig baseline of 20% CAGR and the higher rig count for 30%, does that require those 2,500 well sites going up, or is it an oil price-driven event? Or maybe another way of thinking about it, if all these efficiencies come through maybe quicker than you think, do we get 15 rigs and a 30% CAGR, even if crude stays, say, $50 to $55, where it's been here year to date?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Roger, there's plenty of inventory. That projection of the 20% and 30% CAGR is from those core development areas. So there's over 14 years of rig activity if you were at 10 rigs to drill up that inventory. So it's not an inventory question at all to drive those kind of growth rates. And the capital requirement for both the 20% and the 30% growth rates are pretty moderate.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So I guess then my final question is why not something  and maybe this goes more to Vicki  but why not something a little more aggressive here if the numbers work fairly well?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: It goes back to being capital-efficient and return-focused. We want to make sure we have the subsurface understanding, our execution efficiency, our technology and the infrastructure all timed properly so that you get the best rate of returns. And then the amount of capital that gets allocated goes back to the priorities that Vicki mentioned earlier.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, all right. I think I get that. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hello. Can you hear me now?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Yes, we can.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Oh, thank God, okay. So just on the international production and CapEx, I was thinking that CapEx would come down a bit this year. The $900 million still feels flat year over year. But maybe talk about how long you can keep the international production flat or the growth outlook, say, out through the next few years and how much CapEx it would take to do so.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: So, Ed, we have lots of opportunities in both  especially in Oman, where we just recently obtained some seismic over Block 9. So we're doing infill drilling that's very successful. We've got Block 62 gas development. We also see opportunities above and below our current steam flood interval in Mukhaizna. And so we have a lot of potential there, and that's why I mentioned it in my comments. I think people don't realize that actually Oman and Qatar have stacked pay, not exactly as obvious to most of the industry as the Permian is. But they're stacked pay intervals, and we're having success developing outside of what our traditional and original completion intervals were. So we're really excited about what the seismic is showing us. We're also pretty excited about our cost-cutting in Qatar, where our team has been able to develop a modular platform that will be able to enable us to expand what we're doing there at a much lower cost. And I'll pass it to Ken Dillon to talk a little bit more about those, but we have opportunities both in Oman and Qatar to continue to keep production flat, or slightly grow.
Kenneth Dillon - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Good morning, it's Ken here. As you can see from the slides, we've increased the Al Hosn gas plant capacity by 10%. That was done by very detailed technical reviews both by engineers and operational staff. And then controlled trials were done throughout the process before running the whole plant at capacity. That's an increase in capacity of 10% with virtually no capital at all. If you look at Qatar and you look at the new jacket design there, we basically eliminated the lift barge. We've eliminated going to large fabricators in the region, so we've dramatically dropped drilling costs in Qatar, which opens up all sorts of opportunities there. In terms of Block 9, as Vicki said, we last month signed the new Block 9 contract with His Excellency the Oil Minister. That's a 15-year contract where we see substantial growth opportunities both in oil and gas and in exploration. We think there are other opportunities in Oman that are a good fit long term for us, so overall very positive. Mukhaizna you can see from the slide, the growth trajectory that's possible with investment there. And we've also been trying to build on the Permian experience of assembly line processes in drilling, rolling out OXY drilling dynamics around the world. We're making significant savings, significant reductions in time to market. So in terms of opportunities, our goal is to try and compete with Jody and also deliver long-term cash flow for the corporation. In terms of how much capital you would need to keep it going, that's really a capital allocation point for Vicki, I believe. But our goal is to continue to get better for our international and continue to offer alternatives for the corporation.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then on the theme of competing with Jody, on slide 34 you've laid out a Permian growth trajectory at different rig counts. Maybe just a little bit of color on how you've risked the EURs or the well performance behind that because obviously, your first half wells in the Sand Dunes area were better than your  third quarter was better than the first half, fourth quarter was better than the third quarter. Maybe just give a sense of how much of that improvement have you baked into that production forecast. Thank you.
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: It's a good question. I don't think we baked a lot of that improvement in the forward look, so I think there's upside potential. Our type curves represent the production from full-section development. So your first wells may be better than the last well on a section. So our type curves are based on the average, and that forward look is based on the average. So throughout this year, just like we did last year, we expect continued improvement in both cost and well productivity. So I think there's upside to that production plot, both from a pace standpoint, number of wells you drill per rig line, and productivity.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Asit Sen of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Asit Sen - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you, good morning. I have two questions. One, on slide 14, Permian Resources gas margin looks like greater than $30 per BOE. When compared with EOR, which has a low cash cost, it looks like the cash flow profile of OXY Permian as a whole has improved. So, Chris, could you frame for us at what price given improvement are we cash flow neutral? And interest of cash flow overall, Permian for OXY, what happens at $60 or $70 oil?
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: At $60 or $70 oil, things change fairly significantly based on the numbers we gave you on our sensitivity around oil prices obviously. But keep in mind that what we said was that there's a lot of flexibility in the capital program. As Vicki pointed out, we'll see how things go in terms of commodity prices through the year. Obviously, we'd be more encouraged to maybe spend a little bit more money at the higher end of the range, better prices. So we'll just see how things go. We gave you all sorts of points in terms of cash flow changes and deltas from the different business segments. So I think I have a high degree of confidence in your modeling ability, so you should probably be able to come to some sense of what's going on. The Permian business as a whole, as I mentioned, generated quite a bit of free cash flow, and Permian EOR is there largely to harvest the free cash flow to redeploy into Permian Resources. So on cash neutrality, it could be whatever you want it to be. We were under $50 WTI in the fourth quarter. We're spending  so you're almost there now if you wanted to spend lower amounts of capital to keep production flat. But it's largely dependent on how much you'd like to grow, and we think we have a lot of opportunities, as Jody pointed out, 11,650 places to park the money at good returns. So I think that is the best way to frame it.
Asit Sen - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. And then given the new information, I was just wondering your thoughts on balancing the opportunity to sell some Permian acreage that's not in your core development areas and potentially use the proceeds to accelerate development drilling. And I didn't hear on asset sales the Texas gas assets. Has anything changed there?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: As I said previously, we're continuing to look at our opportunities to monetize things where it makes sense, where we think that would increase the net present value for our shareholders. And while we're not prepared to talk about specific assets today, we'll continue that process. And as we make decisions, certainly we will share that with you. But it's something that we think about and evaluate pretty much on an evergreen basis.
Asit Sen - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks, a follow-up for Jody please. Jody, average lateral lengths have gone up 20% to 7,100 feet. Could you talk about the ability to drill longer laterals in this development mode? And could you remind us what percent of your Permian acreage, that focus area, is operated versus non-operated?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: So the operated versus non-operated in that core 300,000, you can think 75% to 80% operating position there. With regard to the longer laterals, that's been a great effort by our business unit and our land organization to continue to core up, so doing swaps, doing trades, picking up pieces of acreage to drive that lateral length longer. So I expect us to continue to do that. The majority of our wells will be longer laterals. That's just an average of the whole inventory. Technically there's not a problem. 10,000 feet early on in horizontal development was a bit of a challenge. 10,000 feet is no longer a challenge. We're looking at even the option of 15,000 feet now.
Asit Sen - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, good morning, a couple of follow-up questions to what's been asked. First with regards to the Permian, to clarify on the longer laterals, can you talk about what the lateral length is that you expect for the 2017 program as it regards to the 300,000 acres your focused on? And then with regards to the 350,000 acres where you don't have identified locations, I think you mentioned in your prepared comments that you are delineating that. Can you talk more specifically about those plans and whether you see scale-enhancing acquisitions as likely in that part of the Permian?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: So, Brian, the bulk of the development this year will be 7,500-foot or 10,000-foot laterals. If we have to drill a 4,500-foot lateral, it's because we've already developed or started developing a section that way and we really can't change. So most of our wells will be the longer version. On the 350,000 acres we're delineating, it's really multiple things. We're drilling appraisal wells on our own acreage. We're evaluating 3-D seismic. Again, those two equivalent non-operated rigs really are six to eight actual rigs any day of the year. So we get a lot of information from that non-operated position that helps derisk, plus just watching what other competitors do offset of this acreage. So with regard to acquisition, it's going to be a function of what we think about that acreage, what the current position is, what trade opportunities there are to core up before you go down the acquisition path.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, thanks. And then going to the point on free cash flow, I just wanted to also get just a clarification between slides 23 and 17. We see on slide 23 the $950 million to $1 billion incremental free cash flow you expect. And I think in your prepared comments you said you expect an incremental $500 million from the Permian, which I think was Resources and CO2. If you could, maybe just verify if that was the case. So is that essentially the incremental free cash flow you expect overall in 2017? And then more broadly, are you trying to reflect some greater comfort about spending cash flow relative to the dividend assuming the balance sheet doesn't go out of control, or is there still a more specific objective to try to stay within cash flow after dividend?
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: No, we provided the delta to free cash flow that we expect and some of the pieces of the business based on prior investments that we've made that are now completed, so there's to some extent that specifically around Chemicals. The Permian, a lot of that is driven by the production growth and the volume improvements that we've seen at good returns. And part of it obviously in oil and gas is some view around a little bit better price, but not much. And going forward, I would tell you that not sort of  we started the year with $2.2 billion of cash, and the capital program remains quite flexible. So we'll see how it goes as far as the spending. But again, the number one priority, as Vicki said, right after maintenance is really to continue to be able to fund and grow the dividend over time based on our ability to grow volumes.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question, guys. Like many companies, you've been finding ways to squeeze out cost from the CapEx budget. But since the original budget last November, of course we've seen an escalation in U.S. service costs, particularly pressure pumping, et cetera. So what is the underlying assumption in your new budget for service cost inflation, whether it's by geography or by segment?
Joseph C. Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: So we do believe there will be inflation pressure, and you mentioned pumping service. That's probably one of the areas where you'll see it the strongest. But to counter that, we're really working two approaches. One is to continue to get better technically, some innovations that are happening in the drilling space and in the completion s space. We can drill our wells faster and better over time. That will help offset that inflation pressure. But on the commercial side, we're working very closely with a group of suppliers to create the ability for them to have greater margins without just a price increase, more efficiency, better utilization, better logistics management. And so we think the combination of those two things can hold our overall well costs flat or continue to improve it.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And supposing that second half commodity pricing ends up being better than the current strip suggests, would the incremental dollar go back to the buyback program that you formerly had active, or would it go directly into the drill bit again?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We'll have to see how conditions look in the second half of the year. But currently our plan would be not to increase our capital for this year but to go with the plan that we have in place and to look at what our program next year would look like. But it really is going to depend on how we feel about oil prices.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right, I appreciate it.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Chris Degner for closing remarks.
Christopher M. Degner - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, everyone, for participating today. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Degner - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Jody Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp. Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Chemical Corp.
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Degner, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christopher M. Degner - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Kate. Good morning and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's third quarter 2016 conference call. On the call with us today are: Vicki Hollub, President and CEO; Jody Elliott, President of Oxy Domestic Oil & Gas; Sandy Lowe, Group Chairman, Middle East; Ken Dillon, President, International Operations; Chris Stavros, Chief Financial Officer; and Rob Peterson, President of OxyChem. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our third quarter 2016 earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules, our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliation, and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin by summarizing our key accomplishments in the third quarter. First, cost reduction efficiencies combined with improvement in new well productivity and better base management have enabled us to further reduce our total spend per barrel of production this year compared to 2015. Second, we again increased year-over-year production in our core areas, and we're on target to exceed the higher end of our guidance for 2016. Third, we remain prudent with our capital allocation as we focus on returns and maintain disciplined to stay within our $3 billion capital budget. Fourth, to further increase our low-decline production and improve efficiencies, we have acquired additional working interest in enhanced oil recovery projects and unconventional acreage in the Permian. Last, our aggressive appraisal and development efforts in our Permian Resources business have resulted in an improvement in the number and quality of wells in our inventory. As I've previously mentioned, our total spend per barrel of production metric includes our overhead, operating and capital cost per barrel of production. This metric is designed to drive cost reduction, increased well productivity and optimize base production. To align employees with this metric, we have linked this to incentive compensation. Our efforts to focus on efficiency and capital discipline are paying off, as we continued to lower our total spend per barrel of production. We averaged close to $62 per barrel in 2014, about $40 per barrel in 2015, and have targeted $28.50 per barrel in 2016. Year to date, we've beaten our target, with average total spend of about $27.50 per barrel. In the third quarter, total company production from our ongoing operations was about 605,000 BOE per day, an increase of 5% year over year driven by Al Hosn gas in Abu Dhabi, a new gas project in Oman and resilient base production in Permian Resources. The performance of the Al Hosn team continues to exceed our expectations as they optimize deliverability. They have again achieved record production of 74,000 BOE per day for the quarter. It's even more impressive that the plant operated well during the summer months, where temperatures can reach 120 degrees. We're optimistic that the plant can continue to deliver from 65,000 BOE per day to 75,000 BOE per day, depending on seasonal maintenance. We have commenced engineering studies for a potential expansion of the plant and expect to reach an investment decision in the second half of 2017. Permian Resources production this quarter was 121,000 BOE per day, representing year-over-year growth of 4%. As per our original development plans, Permian Resources production will decline slightly in the fourth quarter. We are adding rigs now to stabilize production and restart growth in early 2017. We continue to see improvements in well productivity in all of our areas. The increases in production from Al Hosn, Oman's Block 62, along with strong year-over-year production growth from Permian Resources will help us exceed the higher end of our production growth guidance for 2016. As we look forward to 2017, we expect to deliver 5% to 8% production growth, with the variance subject to our activity levels in the Permian. Longer term, we have a deep inventory of well locations in the Permian with the capability to drive direction growth above this range. Additionally, we have focused our international business on the core four areas: Abu Dhabi, Qatar, Oman and Colombia, where we have a track record of operational success, free cash flow generation and strong financial returns as well as growth opportunities that can provide the capability to drive production growth higher than our long-term 5% to 8% target. I have emphasized to our partners in those areas that the returns on any new project or capital investment must compete with the Permian Basin. I'm pleased to announce that we have formally completed the exit of our contracts in Bahrain and Iraq. We have no meaningful liabilities related to those contracts, nor will we incur any material spending on capital or overhead to manage those terminated contracts. We've also made solid progress toward a formal exit from our contract in Libya. Our capital spending in the third quarter declined slightly as we maintained our drilling program in the Permian and shifted timing on spending for certain midstream and chemicals projects. The Permian drilling program is consistent with plans we put in place at the beginning of this year and with our strategy to remain relatively conservative in this price environment. Continued improvements in project design and capital execution have helped us do more than expected with our $3 billion capital budget. These along with improved production performance in many of our areas are the reasons we will achieve the upper end of our production guidance for the year. The construction of the OxyChem joint venture ethylene cracker in Ingleside is on budget and on schedule. We have targeted to finish the commissioning of the plant by mid-January and expect ethylene production in the first quarter of 2017. In addition, the crude oil export terminal in Ingleside has started operations and successfully loaded and dispatched three ships. The terminal has oil storage capacity of 2 million barrels and throughput capacity of approximately 300,000 barrels of oil per day. The export facility will have the flexibility to take various gravities of crude oil to both domestic and foreign markets. As the production from the Permian Basin grows in coming years, we would expect increased demand for access to multiple markets. The ship channel in Corpus Christi has clear advantages to Houston and should allow for shorter transportation times to market. With the completion of long-term projects in both our Chemical and Midstream segments, we expect to have increased flexibility with our capital program in 2017. As we enter the fourth quarter, we have increased our activity in the Permian to prepare the business for growth in 2017. While we plan to release a more detailed budget early next year, at this point it's our expectation that capital will increase modestly from a little under $3 billion in 2016 to a range of $3.3 billion to $3.8 billion in 2017. The progress this year on multi-year committed capital will allow for more of our 2017 capital to be devoted to upstream oil and gas development. Our program in the Permian Resources business will receive the largest increase in capital and, due to the shorter-cycle nature of the asset base, can be adjusted depending on the extent of commodity price recovery. As we announced yesterday, we have made several strategic acquisitions of producing properties and non-producing leasehold in the Permian. As we've said previously, we already have a very large inventory in our Resources business. The main reason to acquire additional acreage is to improve the value of the inventory we currently have. The selection criteria we use to evaluate acquisition opportunities are: the proximity of the acreage to our existing infrastructure, the quality of the subsurface reservoirs and, in most cases, we need to have multi-bench development potential, and the ability to optimize recovery per well by drilling longer laterals. The acquisition we just made met all of these objectives, with the added bonus that we already had a working interest in the property, making the overall acreage investment lower than current market. In fact, all the assets we just purchased in both Resources and EOR are in fields where we currently operate or own a working interest. The Resources acquisition is in the Texas Delaware Basin. Increasing our working interest enables us to become operator of this area, which we believe to be among the most prospective areas in the Permian. Current production is 7,000 BOE per day. The acreage is mostly contiguous, which will enable us to drill longer laterals. It has high oil content and at least five prospective benches, three of which have a high level of certainty and two that are currently being appraised. The properties also have infrastructure that fits well with the infrastructure and takeaway capacity that we have already have built in the area. Including our previous acquisitions, our aggregate investment in this area totals $2 billion and increases our working interest in 59,000 acres. The $2 billion includes a cost of $100 million for the infrastructure on the acquired acreage. From an operating standpoint, this area will become part of what we will call the Greater Barilla Draw Development. This enables us to utilize and control shared infrastructure to reduce development capital and operating cost, thus increasing our margins as we grow our production. We will leverage this infrastructure along with our knowledge of the subsurface to drive improved financial returns and production growth. We expect to add a rig or two to the acreage early next year to accelerate the development of the resource. As with the Resources acquisition, we also acquired additional working interest in enhanced oil recovery projects in Permian, mostly in areas that we operate. This acquisition provides low-decline net production of 4,000 BOE per day and has additional development upside. Going forward, we will continue to actively evaluate our acquisition opportunities. Due to the nature of its ownership base and long history of production, ownership throughout the Permian is fragmented. We will target bolt-on opportunities with the clear strategic synergies I previously listed to leverage both our understanding of the subsurface geology and our existing midstream and infrastructure investment. Our approach will be disciplined. We'll also continue to actively swap and trade small blocks of acreage. Year to date, we have swapped approximately 10,000 acres through many small negotiated transactions. These trades will enable longer lateral development and improved returns without material capital outlay. As we have continued to appraise and develop our own acreage in the Permian Resources business, we have seen steady improvement in well productivity and a reduction in our drilling and completion costs. Improved logistical capabilities and integrated planning will ensure the majority of these cost savings are sustainable. Through efforts to core up our acreage to drill longer laterals, we have lowered the breakeven cost on our inventory. Simply put, we can deliver more production with fewer wells. We expect to provide updated disclosure of our inventory and breakeven prices in early 2017 once we have fully integrated recent appraisal efforts and acquisitions. I'm pleased with our progress to date. We have exceeded our production targets for the year with less capital than we had planned to spend, and we've positioned the company for continued profitable production and cash flow growth as we enter 2017. Directionally, we are planning for modestly higher oil prices in 2017 and will set our budget accordingly. I'll now turn the call over to Chris Stavros.
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks, Vicki, and good morning, everyone. Today I'll focus on the following items: our third quarter segment and overall financial results; Oxy's balance sheet strength, liquidity, and cash flow in the context of the Permian acquisitions we just announced; and oil and gas production and segment guidance for the fourth quarter. Third quarter 2016 reported financial results for GAAP purposes were a loss of $0.32 per diluted share compared to a loss of $0.18 a share in this year's second quarter. Our third quarter reported results included a net after-tax charge of $129 million related to non-recurring items in both the Oil & Gas and Midstream segments. Our core financial results for the third quarter of 2016 were a loss of $112 million or $0.15 per diluted share, a slight improvement from the loss of $136 million or $0.18 a share during the second quarter. Importantly, each of our operating segments generated improved quarter-to-quarter core financial results despite the continued challenging conditions for product prices. Oil & Gas pre-tax core results for the third quarter of 2016 were a loss of $49 million compared to a loss of $117 million in the second quarter and income of $162 million in the same year-ago period. The sequential improvement of $68 million was primarily a result of higher product price realizations. During the third quarter, the Oil & Gas segment recorded non-core net charges related to the exit from both Libya and Iraq of $61 million and a $38 million after-tax gain on the sale of some non-core non-operated oil and gas properties in South Texas. Third quarter total company production volumes of 605,000 BOE per day were at the high end of our previous guidance range, with better than expected production results coming from Permian Resources, improved performance at Al Hosn in the UAE, and production growth in Oman from Block 62. Total domestic production was 294,000 BOE per day during the third quarter, down sequentially from 302,000 BOE per day in the second quarter. Despite the overall decline in domestic volumes, production in Permian Resources of 121,000 BOE per day exceeded our earlier guidance by 5,000 BOE per day, largely due to better management around our base production. The sequential decline in third quarter domestic volumes was also partially due to a drop in production from the absence of gas-directed drilling activity in South Texas. Our domestic Oil & Gas operations generated $67 million of free cash flow after capital during the third quarter. In a moment, Jody Elliott will discuss our plans for increased drilling activity in Permian Resources for the fourth quarter and as we exit the year. International production from our ongoing operations was 311,000 BOE per day during the third quarter of 2016, an increase of 4,000 BOE per day compared to the second quarter. Higher volumes from Al Hosn and Oman contributed to the overall sequential increase, partially offset by a declining Colombia as a result of pipeline disruptions. The international Oil & Gas operations, comprised of our core four areas, generated nearly $300 million of free cash flow after capital during the third quarter. Domestic Oil & Gas cash operating costs of $12.26 per BOE in the third quarter of 2016 were slightly higher on a sequential basis; however, declined by 7% compared to the full year 2015 cost of $13.13 per BOE. Nine month year-to-date costs are down nearly 10% compared with full year 2015, with the decline mainly the result of improved efficiencies and logistics management around our surface operations, including water handling as well as lower downhole maintenance and energy-related costs. Cash operating costs in Permian Resources saw a further sequential decline in the third quarter and for the year to date have fallen to $8.43 per BOE, an improvement of 25% compared to 2015 full-year costs. Overall Oil & Gas DD&A for the third quarter of 2016 was $15.58 per BOE compared to $15.81 per BOE during 2015. Taxes other than on income were $0.97 per BOE for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $1.32 per BOE during 2015. The third quarter exploration expense was $9 million. Chemicals third quarter 2016 pre-tax core earnings were $117 million compared with second quarter earnings of $88 million. The sequential quarterly increase in core earnings resulted from higher chlorovinyls production volumes and higher realized caustic soda prices. These improvements were partially offset by higher energy costs combined with lower vinyls margins. Vinyl prices remain largely unchanged despite significantly higher ethylene prices resulting from both meaningful planned and unplanned industry ethylene cracker outages. Our Chemicals business generated $100 million of free cash flow before working capital during the third quarter. Midstream pre-tax core results were a loss of $20 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to a loss of $58 million in the second quarter. Despite the loss, the results came in at the positive range of our previous guidance, with the sequential improvement resulting from better Oil & Gas marketing margins. During the third quarter, we renegotiated some of our crude oil supply contracts, which resulted in an after-tax charge of $103 million. The new agreement should mitigate some of the transportation costs and improve our overall profitability going forward. Turning to our cash flows for the third quarter, we generated $860 million of cash flow from continuing operations before working capital and other changes and adjusted for a one-time payment for the renegotiation of a crude oil supply contract as well as some tax-related items. Net working capital changes provided $50 million of cash during the period. We expect that this trend on working capital will continue as we exit the year at a slightly higher run rate for capital expenditures compared to the current pace of spending and activity. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $642 million, bringing our total year-to-date capital spending to approximately $2 billion. As Vicki mentioned, our capital spending in the fourth quarter is expected to increase modestly, as certain project-related expenditures in both Chemicals and Midstream have been deferred into the latter part of the year. In addition, we plan to recycle some of the efficiencies and savings generated around drilling and completions back into our Permian Resources drilling program in addition to pursuing some project opportunities in Colombia. Despite the higher planned capital spending during the fourth quarter, our 2016 total capital program is expected to come in slightly under our original budget of $3 billion. We paid $575 million in dividends during the third quarter and ended the period with $3.2 billion of cash. As Vicki mentioned, yesterday we announced several acquisitions of producing properties and non-producing leasehold acreage in the Permian as well as interest in several enhanced oil recovery and CO2 properties and related infrastructure. These acquisitions were funded with existing cash on hand and without the use of any equity. The transactions are immediately accretive to cash flow and at current commodity prices. Although our view on product prices remains relatively conservative into next year, we believe we have the balance sheet flexibility to allow us to cover a modest increase in our capital program, which we expect to deliver production growth of 5% to 8% in 2017. Assuming oil prices of approximately $50 per barrel, we expect to generate cash flow from operations [CFO] of at least $4.5 billion in 2017. Incremental cash flow contributions would include: $150 million from the startup of the joint venture ethylene cracker; approximately $200 million from improving results in the Midstream segment, which would include the Ingleside crude oil terminal; and at least $100 million from the announced Permian acquisitions. In addition, every $1 per barrel improvement in oil prices would provide a further $100 million of operating cash flow. With respect to guidance and as Vicki mentioned, we now expect our full year 2016 production growth from ongoing operations to be approximately 7% and exceeding the high end of our previous 4% to 6% range. We expect our companywide production volumes to be in a range of 600,000 to 610,000 BOE per day during the fourth quarter. We anticipate our overall domestic production to be in the range of 290,000 to 295,000 BOE per day, which includes a partial contribution from the Permian acquisitions during the quarter. Permian Resources production is expected to be roughly flat with volumes seen during the third quarter, with full year 2016 growth estimated to be about 12%. International production is estimated to be in the range of 310,000 to 315,000 BOE per day during the fourth quarter. This incorporates the impact of a planned maintenance turnaround at Al Hosn and assumes normal operations in Colombia. Our plan is to remain disciplined with our capital within the current price environment and to recycle some of the efficiency and productivity gains realized this year into greater activity during the fourth quarter and early next year. We expect this additional activity to help support our Permian Resources production as we exit this year and provide a platform for growth into 2017. Jody will share some of those specifics during his prepared remarks. In the Midstream segment, we expect the fourth quarter to generate a pre-tax loss of between $20 million and $40 million. While quarter-to-quarter changes are inherently volatile in this segment, we anticipate favorable spreads for our West Texas to Gulf shipments to continue, higher domestic pipeline earnings, as well as increased flow of crude to our Ingleside crude terminal in anticipation of full operations beginning early in 2017. In Chemicals, we anticipate pre-tax earnings of about $100 million for the fourth quarter, or roughly flat with the third quarter. Our DD&A expense for Oil & Gas is expected to be approximately $15.50 per BOE during 2016, and depreciation for the Oil & Gas segment is expected to exceed this year's capital investment by more than $1.4 billion. The combined depreciation for the Chemical and Midstream segments should be approximately $655 million. Exploration expense is estimated to be about $25 million pre-tax during the fourth quarter. Price changes at current global prices affect our annual operating cash flow by about $100 million for every $1 per barrel change in WTI. And a swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic natural gas prices affects our annual operating cash flow by about $45 million. Using current strip prices for oil and gas, we expect our full year 2016 domestic tax rate to be about 36%. Our international tax rate should be about 55%. I'll now turn the call over to Jody Elliot, who will provide an update on activity around our Permian operations.
Jody Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Chris. Today, I will provide a review of our domestic operations during the third quarter, guidance on our program in the fourth quarter and an outlook for the start of 2017. For this year, our Permian Resources business achieved significant improvement in well economics across our Permian leading acreage position through step change advancements in well productivity and field development design. We believe this improvement in value starts with our subsurface characterization, where we are leveraging our geology, petrophysics and geochemistry expertise to achieve breakthroughs in our multi-bench appraisal, stimulation and other key subsurface design factors. We expect to quickly deliver a new series of breakthroughs in 2017 as we advance our seismic-based characterization and second phase of geoscience analytics. On the cost structure front, we continue to lower our capital and operating cost structure through faster drilling, leveraging engineering innovation and integrated planning to optimize execution and logistics. We expect these efforts, when combined in our field development plans, will ensure Oxy is a leader in realizing maximum value per acre by optimizing recovery and capitalization. Our unconventional business is well positioned to provide a competitive return in a low-cost environment and achieve significant growth in an improved price environment. As a result, during the third quarter we added a drilling rig in Permian Resources plus another at the beginning of the fourth quarter and have capacity and locations on standby to respond to improved pricing in 2017. Turning to the performance of Permian Resources. In the third quarter, we achieved daily production of 121,000 BOE per day, a 4% increase versus the prior year. Oil production declined modestly due to lower capital spending, with nine wells put online versus 54 wells in the third quarter of 2015. Improved well productivity and our emphasis on base management mitigated some of the base decline on the horizontal wells. In the second and third quarters, we completed gas processing and compression facilities, allowing for the capture and sales of more gas and NGLs. As we announced yesterday, we acquired producing properties and non-producing leasehold acreage in the Permian. In Permian Resources, we acquired 35,000 net acres in southern Reeves and Pecos Counties, where we currently operate and have a working interest. The properties will include approximately 7,000 BOE per day of net production, with 72% oil from 68 horizontal wells. On key portions of the acreage, we gained operatorship where we had existing non-operated interest, and most of the acreage is already held by production. Development will initially target the Wolfcamp A, Wolfcamp B and Bone Spring. Simply put, we know the acreage very well. It's very competitive with our existing inventory. We expect to drill longer laterals, execute multi-bench development and leverage our existing infrastructure in the area, notably the joint venture gas processing plant completed this summer. This transaction brings our overall position in the leasehold area to 59,000 net acres, with an aggregate acquisition cost under $2 billion. We plan on allocating approximately $200 million in capital in 2017 to the acquired acreage, utilizing one to two drilling rigs. Turning to our activities in our core development areas. Much of the focus of the drilling program in the second and third quarters was to appraise the potential for multi-bench development in southern Reeves, Eddy, Howard, Glasscock, and northern Reagan County. In southeast New Mexico, we drilled and completed two Cedar Canyon Third Bone Spring wells and one Cedar Canyon Wolfcamp A well in Eddy County. All of the wells had 30-day peak IPs over 1,000 BO per day. In southern Reeves County, we brought the Roan State 24 51H Second Bone Spring well online at a peak rate of 944 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 702 BOE per day and a 90% oil cut. The well had a 4,500-foot lateral and increases our confidence in the potential for multi-bench development for our acreage in the area. We're on the learning curve in developing this bench and expect well productivity to improve as we apply our experience in drilling and completion technology and further integrate our subsurface analysis. In Glasscock County, we brought the appraisal well, Powell 1720 1H, online with a 7,500-foot lateral, which targeted the Spraberry formation with a 30-day rate of 931 BOE per day. As cited last quarter, we now compare and benchmark our well cost on a cost per 1,000-feet of lateral basis as we continue to increase our lateral lengths. Slide 23 illustrates our demonstrated improvement in well cost, which has declined roughly 38% from 2015. Similarly, our 1,000 foot of lateral per rig per quarter has also improved from 25.2 per rig in 2015 to 35.4 per rig in the third quarter. We believe that a significant percentage of these improvements in efficiency are driven by structural changes in how we drill and complete wells and expect to continue to improve these efficiencies as we add drilling rigs. In the Delaware Basin, we're aggressively appraising new benches while maintaining focus on improving well recoveries in our development benches. In southeast New Mexico, we tested a new Second Bone Spring slickwater frac design on the Cedar Canyon 27 Fed 5H with 2,000 pounds per foot and 50-foot cluster spacing. The cumulative production results from the new design have exceeded the first half 2016 design, and we expect to see continued improvement in future results. We're targeting an average well cost of $7.1 million for the Second Bone Spring and $8.3 million for the Third Bone Spring with 7,500-foot laterals and the increased completion size. Overall, we're very encouraged by the development and appraisal results in southeast New Mexico and we expect to increase activity in Q4 and throughout 2017. In the Texas Delaware, we drilled one well and turned one appraisal well to production. The reduction in activity in the area is consistent with the overall balance of activity shift between Texas and New Mexico, and we plan to increase activity in this area in the fourth quarter. Our upcoming wells in the fourth quarter will test new completion designs and drilling technology that we believe will drive step change value addition across all of our development areas. We expect to increase our average lateral length from approximately 5,200 feet in 2016 to over 9,000 feet in 2017. Shifting our results to the East Midland Basin, in the third quarter we drilled eight wells, brought four wells online, three of which have not reached peak production rates. We had multiple record drilling and completion achievements during the quarter. For example, we drilled a Wolfcamp B 7,500-foot lateral in 12.5 days rig release to rig release. We completed 10 frac stages in one day, and we drilled and completed two Wolfcamp A horizontals for $4.6 million and $4.9 million. Well productivity measured by the initial production rates per thousand foot of lateral continues to improve. In the Permian Resources as a whole, we achieved another quarter of lower quarter-over-quarter field operating expenses, due mainly to improved surface operations with optimized water handling, lower workover expenses, and better downhole performance. Since the second quarter of 2015, we've reduced our operating cost per barrel by 28%, continue to work additional cost reduction and efficiency improvements. As stated earlier, our focus on maximizing production from existing wells has been central to reducing declines in the business. We expect that our average annual uplift for our investment will be approximately 6,000 net BOE per day. This is another example of leveraging our decades of base management expertise in the EOR business to our Resources business. As previously stated, we expect to increase our drilling activity in the fourth quarter of 2016 and bring on approximately 20 wells. We expect production to be about 120,000 BOE per day in the fourth quarter and be growing as we exit the year. With over 115 wells planned for 2017, we expect to achieve double-digit production growth in Permian Resources. In addition to the recent acreage acquisition, we've been actively trading and swapping acreage in order to core up our position. We've traded approximately 10,000 acres, which will enable longer lateral development. So for 2017, we expect to drill more wells with more than double the total lateral length drilled in 2016. Now I'd like to shift to our Permian EOR business. We continue to take advantage of lower drilling cost and manage the operations to run our gas processing facilities at full capacity. Permian EOR had another quarter of free cash flow generation. Drilling costs are running 22% below our benchmark target, and we've lowered cash operating expenses by 20% since the fourth quarter of 2014 and 7% year over year, driven mainly by lower downhole maintenance and injectant costs. In similar fashion to our Resources business, the capital savings achieved by the EOR team will be reinvested into additional wells and CO2 flood expansions. As we've mentioned in previous calls, the residual oil zone development, or ROZ, is a vertical expansion of the CO2 flooded interval. The ROZ underlies most of our major EOR properties and can be developed between $3 and $7 per barrel. Year to date, we've completed 94 well deepenings and recompletions along with 36 new wells in the ROZ developments. We anticipate an additional 50 deepenings and recompletions and 10 new wells in ROZ developments in the fourth quarter of 2016. Yesterday, we announced acquisitions of working interest in 11 producing oil and gas properties and related infrastructure. The acquisition increases our ownership in several properties where we currently operate or are an existing working interest partner. These properties have production of approximately 4,000 barrels of equivalent per day at 80% oil, with estimated net crude developed producing reserves of approximately 25 million BOE and total proved reserves of approximately 41 million BOE. To summarize, our domestic business will provide competitive returns in a low-cost environment and achieve significant growth in an improved price environment. We believe our Permian business is uniquely positioned to leverage our subsurface innovation in unconventional and leadership in enhanced oil recovery to maximize the value per acre across our entire 2.4-million-acre portfolio. We plan to exit this year running eight drilling rigs on our operated acreage plus another 1.5 to 2 net rigs on our non-operated development acreage. We're pleased with the strides our teams have made in subsurface characterization, execution, and performance thus far in 2016 and look forward to continuing breakthroughs in 2017. Thank you, and I'll now hand it back to Chris Degner.
Christopher M. Degner - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Jody. We'll now open up the call for questions.
Operator: The first question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I've got two questions. Vicki, I wonder if I could kick off with the acquisition last night. You've shown before the relative priority for the use of cash, and you've also shown us that you've got a fairly deep inventory of existing assets. I'm just trying to understand the rationale as to why $2 billion is the right use of cash versus a step up in activity on your existing acreage. If you could, just help us understand the rationale a little better and maybe some of the nuances about working interest changes, what it brings to you by way of operating capability and so on. Just help us understand the numbers a wee bit.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Doug, we've been looking at this. We've had ownership in this area for a while now. And what made us very attracted to this is the fact that it has the potential for five-bench development and the fact that it's so close to our Barilla Draw area where we've already installed infrastructure. We believe that the infrastructure in Barilla Draw combined with the infrastructure that was installed by a very prudent and efficient operator will enable us to combine the two and provide those synergies around that infrastructure to share that. The five benches, the shared infrastructure, and the operational efficiencies that we'll gain by combining these two areas and becoming operator of it where we can manage the development to maximize the net present value we believe was the best use of our cash at this point. This inventory fits within the less than $50 per barrel breakeven price for us or the price that generates positive NPV of $10 for us, so that we think is very prospective. We like how it fits. We believe that we can further develop Barilla Draw. It will help with the economics there. So the combination of the two of them provides us quite a bit of net present value.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Vicki, I don't want to belabor the point, but I think Jody suggested one to two rigs in this area. I guess what I'm really trying to understand is, to justify the NPV  understand the NPV of the incremental wells, but to justify the NPV of the incremental wells plus the $2 billion acquisition cost, one would imagine you have to run at a pretty healthy pace above what you were going to do on your existing portfolio. So again, can you help us  guide us to where the activity level on this acreage goes to justify the $2 billion price tag?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: The one to two rigs would be the initial starting point for us on this acreage. We expect to spend about $200 million in 2017. But in 2017, remember now, we're still trying to balance cash with what our expectations are around oil prices. We do expect improving prices in 2018, which is where we expect to really launch into a much more aggressive development of both Barilla Draw and this new area. So we expect that we're going to be very aggressive with the development on this once we get into 2018, where at that point we expect the supply gap to narrow such that the prices will warrant a much higher level of activity.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, and a very, very last one for me, a very quick one on Chemicals. Given the cracker starts up at the beginning of next year, can you just give us some guide on the free cash flow delta on that project as you move from 2016 into 2017? And I'll leave it there, thanks.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Okay.
Robert Lee Peterson - Occidental Chemical Corp.: Hi, this is Rob Peterson. So we'll just continue the spending of capital. We'll carry a small amount for commissioning the startup into 2017, and then we'll stop spending that and start generating cash from it. So it will be a several hundred million dollar flip between spending capital and generating cash out of the cracker, depending on the ramp-up time.
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: The swing, Doug, is actually about $300 million in terms of spending versus the contribution. So that's the delta, if you will, spending to cash flow.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to check order of magnitude. That sounds great, guys. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. I just want to follow up on the cash flow side of things. Chris, you mentioned $4.5 billion of CFO at $50. And if we use the CapEx, call it $3.5 billion, that would be $1 billion of free cash flow versus a dividend of $2.3 billion. So I guess what I was wondering is how you planned on funding that gap if oil is $50 or even if it's $55. Would you be looking to add debt to the balance sheet? Would you be looking to sell assets? And generally, Chris, just how are you thinking about target leverage following this acquisition?
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Phil, it's a good question. It's going to come from a combination of a number of different sources for the cash. Without being completely or terribly specific about any given thing that we're going to do at any given moment, what I would say is obviously it's going to depend on commodity prices. I mentioned the sensitivity around our cash flow to commodity prices. But should the need arise, we would expect to monetize some non-core non-strategic assets that would more than, we believe, cover our needs and when including our expectations for next year's cash from operations. So I don't anticipate or expect us to fall short or have any issue with that. We've got multiple levers that we can pull on in terms of filling any gap, certainly to the extent that you just did the arithmetic around, and more should need be. And the capital remains very flexible, certainly within the range, depending on commodity prices.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And on the target leverage side of things, post this deal, Vicki, you mentioned maybe even looking at additional bolt-on deals. How do you think about target leverage and the size of what bolt-on would mean relative to the acquisitions you've just done?
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: The leverage amounts, we're comfortable with that within our ratings right now. We'll obviously, depending on what the acquisition looks like, if we do acquisitions, it depends on what it looks like in terms of how we're going to look to fund it. And so some acquisitions are better sourced through leverage, some through other means. So we'll just have to look at it. It depends on what the acquisition looks like, the composition of the cash flows around the acquisition, the composition of the production in terms of determining how much leverage you're comfortable with for any given type of activity or specific acquisition. So the answer is it really depends.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: And, Phil, with respect to the bolt-on acquisitions, we look at a lot of things in the Permian. And this is the first thing that we've seen in a while that really fits well with our current operations and really made sense from a long-term development standpoint. You may have heard our name associated with some things in here recently that  those are things we didn't bid on. We look at a lot of things, but what we always want to do is make sure that it's a good fit. and as Doug had alluded to, that our net present value of what we expect our development to be is going to cover the cost of the acquisition. And so that rules out a lot of things for us.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Maybe another follow-up  I know you referenced the addition of rigs into the fourth quarter in the Permian. But what level of activity is implied in the Permian in the $3.3 billion to $3.8 billion budget for 2017? And how much of that budget is allocated to Permian Resources?
Jody Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Ryan, this is Jody. The activity level currently planned for 2017 would be about six rigs in the Permian Resources area and three rigs in EOR. And then depending on what that final capital number is, we can scale that up, scale it down, again, depending on commodity prices or where that final direction is on the capital budget.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: And we've said previously, although it's not final yet, that our capital spend would probably be in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion for Resources.
Jody Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: And, Ryan, the other point I want to make is all the work that we've done this year around our characterization, around our field development planning, the upsizing and optimization of our stimulation has created this ability with very low capital intensity to generate a lot of production. So that inventory mix in 2017 will be optimized where we can grow production significantly with a fairly modest rig count.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. And then maybe as a follow-up to that, can you talk a little bit about your infrastructure position in the Basin, how you feel like you're positioned to be able to ramp activity in terms of the flexibility you have over the next few years, whether you see yourselves, or the Basin in general, the industry in general, having any bottlenecks? Anything there would be great.
Jody Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Ryan, I think as far as our field development planning, that's one of the key things is that we try to get ahead of the game, whether it's water disposal, frac water movement, gas takeaway, oil takeaway. We try to plan those things in advance and build out ahead of when that need is going to be. So whether it's southeast New Mexico, we announced the startup of the joint venture gas plant recently in the Delaware. Those are all things to stay ahead of the infrastructure game. The new acquisition has considerable infrastructure, fresh water, salt water infrastructure, 4 million barrels of frac storage, 40 miles of distribution line. It has produced water treatment systems, 15 SWD wells, gas compression. So all those things that have been done extremely well in this acquisition are the same things we do on our own assets. And maybe Vicki or Chris will want to address the greater Permian infrastructure takeaway.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Ryan, I would just say that with respect to our takeaway capacity out of the Permian, we're very well positioned there. We have excess capacity above and beyond what we expect our growth to be. That's been a little bit of a drag on our Midstream business here recently, but we expect that to be a real benefit to us going forward.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I guess maybe to come back to expectations in the fourth quarter here. How should we think about the acquired volumes coming in as part of the guidance of the 120,000 BOE per day for Permian Resources? Does that imply that Permian Resources is actually declining here in the fourth quarter and that adds on? Or how should we think about the exit rate you indicated would be higher?
Jody Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Roger, the 120,000 BOE per day includes our estimate of the acquisition. So there's some modest decline in the base core business pre-acquisition. Again, the activity level is ramping up. As you know, when you're doing multi-well multi-pad development with zipper fracking, the production comes lumpy. So a lot of that activity happens in the fourth quarter and the production will come very early in the first quarter of 2017.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So potential for a little bit of  if things go really well, we can see it in December, otherwise thinking about it as a 2017 event?
Jody Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: That's correct.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then can you walk us through with the acquisition here a little bit? The 700 locations obviously indicate potential for significant upside, some of which clearly will be price-driven and some of which is going to be based on drilling. How did you come to the 700? And what's an idea of how we should think at say maybe $60 oil in 2018 where that 700 locations could go?
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Roger, the 700 locations is based on our conservative nature with assessing our developmental properties. So that's the minimum location count in the Wolfcamp A, the Wolfcamp B, Second Bone Spring. We're very optimistic about the two additional benches in the Bone Spring and in the Wolfcamp debris flow, which sits between the Wolfcamp A and Wolfcamp B. At $60, again, that inventory just continues to grow, whether it's tighter spacing. The other aspect is we continue to improve both well performance and our execution results. I mentioned that we have some technology things working in the drilling area, which we believe can be a step change in multi-well, multi-pad development. And so as we test those in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter of 2017, we'll be more able to talk about some of those details. But we think that would generate even more bench activity, not just in the acquisition, but on all of our core areas.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And just a final question. You mentioned this acreage was fairly HBP. Is there a percentage you can give us that maybe isn't? Give us an idea of maybe where the one to two rigs initially have to be focused.
Christopher G. Stavros - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think it's north of 80%. And a lot of those are just clock drilling obligations as opposed to expiry issues.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to go back to the comments with regards to the CapEx cash flow for 2017. And if we take the acquisition side of things away and just look at the strategy with regards to growth versus free cash flow versus dividend, I think in the past you talked about wanting to try to cover that dividend with free cash flow. And perhaps $50 is just the low end of your oil range and will ultimately go higher, but I wanted to see if there's any change in your strategic thinking about the importance of covering the dividend with free cash flow, recognizing that Oxy is unique in even having free cash flow of this magnitude in the first place.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I'll tell you, Brian, we consider that, covering our dividend with cash flow, to be a priority for us. It's very critical. But we do view 2017 as a transition year. We don't expect prices to get to the point where it's reasonable for us to cover our dividend with cash flow until 2018. That's why we're ensuring that all the decisions that we make will enable us to get through the transition year of 2017. We have other levers we need to pull if that supply/demand balance doesn't narrow in 2018, so there are other things that we can do. But we're certainly expecting an oil price that is certainly closer to our cash flow neutral standpoint.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks. And then shifting to the Permian, the acreage position as you highlighted it is very vast. Can you talk to whether you see your interest and the need for additional acquisitions to achieve the type of scale that you desire as you're doing with this acquisition here to be competitive to or more competitive with others in the basin that have contiguous acreage positions?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: We viewed this acquisition as a very unique opportunity because of the reasons I've described. We don't see any need to acquire any additional acreage unless it's smaller bolt-ons that do provide us the efficiency to develop what we currently have, and those are the types of things that we would target going forward. Our inventory is huge, and we still haven't fully appraised the inventory we have. So what we view this to have done is in the greater Barilla Draw area, what it's done for us is just, in addition to the 59,000 acres associated with the acquisition, we have in that general area around 100,000 acres. So that gives us a really sizable position that's bigger than most positions, and that's why this was so important to us. It was a special case because, as you've noticed, we haven't really acquired anything in the last couple years. And this is the reason, we're looking for those things that provide us a unique opportunity to do something that's what we consider to be really a step change in a given area. Looking at the rest of our acreage, we're spending quite a bit of time and effort to appraise the rest of what we have and to rank it in terms of development. So now we feel very comfortable with the Greater Barilla Draw area. Southeast New Mexico is in prime position for aggressive development, and we have some areas in the Midland Basin as well. What we have to do now is we've got our appraisal team working on those parts of our acreage that are outside of those areas.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Could you characterize the sum of the acreage that you believe now is developable and to the comment you just made?
Jody Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I think we'll update the full inventory picture in the fourth quarter. To give you a little bit of color, with all the appraisal work and all the subsurface work we're doing, we've changed the landscape of that inventory. We've doubled the lateral miles of inventory. The NPV on that existing inventory is up over 66%. We have 27 rig years of inventory at less than $40 a barrel, so we've really grown the existing inventory. This asset, it's really  the acquisition asset is really about just taking ownership in an already derisked core area with incredible infrastructure. So that's going to allow us, when you think about sand, when you think about water, when you think about logistics, people, supply chain leverage, it really allows us to hit all of those key drivers that lower F&D cost and keep our OpEx costs really low.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much. I really appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. You significantly beat Permian Resources volumes guidance for the second time in three quarters. And if I shift to the guidance, what are the ranges on the 2017 fuzzy bars for Permian Resources on slide 22? I'm just trying to square the circle here of whether that range reflects the enhanced completions, longer laterals, and increased wells drilled in the presentation, or if it's based on 2015 year-end technology, as are the location counts? It just looks low versus the commentary.
Jody Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Evan, that forecast is based on what we know today. So it's the latest version of our completion designs and our expansion. The fuzziness is really a function of what's the final capital budget going to be that year. But we're not forecasting enhancements or improvements that have not been demonstrated at this point in time. So those are all upside opportunities.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: And, Evan, let me add to that that Jody and his team along with the support of the subsurface characterization team have beaten their forecast for about what, eight quarters in a row or so?
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Any numbers on the high end of that? It looks like 135,000 BOE per day. Is that right?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: It's a little bit higher than that.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, maybe a second one, if I could, on the acquisition. Could you say how much of the acquisition was allocated to Permian Resources versus EOR? It looks close to $21,000 an acre versus the $43,000 an acre headline for Permian Resources, if we back out what you paid for J. Cleo using that cost basis metric. Is that right? And then on the other side of I guess Singer's question is with a larger Tier 1 footprint, will that increase for high-grading your portfolio or potential asset sales? I'll leave it there.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I would say that on the net value per acre, we were in the upper $20,000s on what we calculated for that. And with respect to the tiering of the acreage, this certainly gets us what I believe is going to be Tier 1 for us. I believe that this area will certainly be comparable with our best area, which is southeast New Mexico. The fact is that the opportunity to have five benches is going to make the infrastructure cost so minimal on a per BOE basis that I do believe that this is just going to continue to improve.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And drive  since it would take capital, would there be another high-grading on the back of that?
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: There could be. It really depends on product prices for 2017. We'll continue to balance our capital with our cash flow needs and the balance sheet.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. I appreciate it, guys.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: And the next question is from Matt Portillo of TPH. Please go ahead.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Just starting off on the Permian Resources side, I was curious if you could provide any incremental color or commentary around the base design that you're currently utilizing in the Texas Delaware Basin and what you may be testing on a leading-edge basis that may be giving you some incremental excitement in terms of increased productivity on the wells.
Jody Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Matt, it's really basin. It's sub-basin specific, almost field specific in those designs. But in general, it is tighter cluster spacing and higher sand concentrations, and then doing trials to understand where you've hit diminishing returns. But in general, more sand, tighter cluster spacing is generating better results. But combining that with longer laterals has really been the key for us. And as you look at the numbers I talked about on extending lateral length, that's another real benefit for us. In New Mexico, this year we'll average around 5,000-foot laterals. We'll go almost to 7,000 feet next year. In the Texas Delaware, it's a little over 5,000-foot laterals. Next year it will be closer  this is effective lateral length  over 9,000 feet. And in East Midland Basin, we probably averaged  we'll average around 7,800-foot laterals in 2016, and in 2017 that will be over 9,000 feet. So the combination of extended lateral giving us really better EURs, better decline profiles combined with this continued integration of our geoscience with the stimulation design. The drilling technology piece is something that we'll talk a little bit more about in future quarters, but it's really an innovative way to access multiple benches and again leveraging your infrastructure across multiple benches with minimizing your facility cost.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And just a quick follow-up there, is there any color you can provide I guess just on what the base design looks like today? I'm just trying to reference point in the Texas part of the play specifically where your proppant loading is and where your fluid volumes are and maybe...
Jody Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: It's in the 1,750 to 2,000 pounds per foot range, but we've trialed and will trial higher.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great, and then just a follow-up question. On the New Mexico side of the border, it looks like you've started to delineate some of your acreage in Eddy County. I'm just curious. As you guys look at additional resource potential across New Mexico, what interest you have in, I guess moving into 2017, in terms of focusing on some incremental zone delineation in the Wolfcamp and Avalon horizons.
Jody Elliott - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: So New Mexico will be one of the key places we operate in 2017. This year we've spent quite a bit of effort in the appraisal mode in New Mexico, testing the Third Bone Spring, testing the XY, Wolfcamp D. So we will continue as part of our development plans to appraise those other benches. Again, we believe New Mexico has many bench opportunities beyond what we've talked about previously in our inventory.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And last question from me. I just wanted to follow up on a previous question from an infrastructure perspective. So just to clarify there, I think there's some industry concern that as Permian growth accelerates over the next few years that the main infrastructure bottleneck may become the pipe capacity out of the basin. And so I wanted to just make sure that I understood your comments that you guys feel comfortable over the next few years that there are no pipe constraints or you have solutions in the work that can essentially debottleneck that.
Vicki A. Hollub - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: I suspect there are going to be pipeline constraints for others, but I can tell you, we have plenty of capacity tied up and we'll be able to actually still contract and take third-party volumes to Houston. We have quite a bit of capacity, so we feel very comfortable with where we are.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Chris Degner for closing remarks.
Christopher M. Degner - Occidental Petroleum Corp.: Thank you, Kate. And thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas Edward A. Lowe - President, Oil and Gas, International
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation second quarter 2016 conference call. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Degner, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's second quarter 2016 conference call. On the call with us today are: Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jody Elliott, President of Oxy Domestic Oil & Gas; Sandy Lowe, President of Oxy International Oil & Gas; Chris Stavros, Chief Financial Officer; and Rob Peterson, President of OxyChem. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our second quarter 2016 earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules, our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations, and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Last quarter I told you our game plan for this year has been to address the things within our sphere of influence to ultimately not only survive but thrive in the current weak commodity price environment. To that end, we're on target to achieve the higher end of our production guidance for 2016 while keeping our capital program on budget at $3 billion. We continue to make progress lowering our cost structure, which we know is critical to both short and long-term success. Our capital discipline and cost reduction efficiencies combined with improvement in new well productivity and better base production management have enabled us to further reduce our total spend per barrel of production this year compared to 2015. In addition, our strategy around capital is to be prudent and remain focused on returns, as we expect the commodity price environment to stay challenging through the rest of this year and into 2017. At the same time, we'll maintain the flexibility necessary to maneuver through a range of price scenarios. Finally, due to the strength of our balance sheet and the quality of our portfolio, we have raised our dividend for the 14th consecutive year. Total company production for our ongoing operations increased to 609,000 BOE per day from 590,000 BOE per day in the first quarter. The increase was driven by Al Hosn gas in Abu Dhabi and a new gas project in Oman. The increase in average daily production of 26,000 BOE per day from Al Hosn versus the first quarter of 2016 is due mainly to lower production volumes in the first quarter caused by a scheduled warranty shutdown. However, 10% of the increase is due to improved plan efficiencies gained by the Al Hosn operations team. As you know, Al Hosn gas is a joint venture between ADNOC [Abu Dhabi National Oil Company] and Oxy in Abu Dhabi. The Al Hosn team has done an excellent job of optimizing deliverability through the plant. An additional 7,000 BOE per day came from Block 62 in Oman, where a recently constructed gas plant was put online to process production from two newly developed gas fields. The plant was completed on time and on budget. This enabled us to achieve record production in Oman this quarter. In addition, our Qatar team has worked to get production in the Idd El Shargi South Dome field, or ISSD, to its highest level in over 16 years. Completion design improvement in complex horizontal wells and enhanced base production management contributed to this production milestone. Permian Resources production this quarter was 126,000 BOE per day, representing year-over-year growth of 16%. As Jody will show, we're continuing to see improvements in well productivity in all areas. The increases in production from Al Hosn, Block 62, and ISSD, along with strong year-over-year production growth from Permian Resources will help us reach the higher end of our 4% to 6% production growth guidance for 2016. Our capital spending in the second quarter declined modestly, as we shifted timing of spending for certain Chemicals and Midstream projects and slowed our drilling program in the Permian. This drilling program is consistent with the plans we put in place at the beginning of this year and with our strategy to remain conservative in this price environment. Continued improvements in project designs and capital execution have helped us to do more than expected with our $3 billion capital budget. These along with improved production performance in many areas of our operations are the reasons we expect to achieve the upper end of our production guidance for the year. It's important to note that most of our cost reductions are due to our own efficiency gains, not service company unit cost reductions. In fact, approximately 80% of our drilling cost reductions are due to faster penetration rates achieved by the application of Oxy drilling dynamics, along with improved well construction design, lower cost of materials, and enhanced logistics. In Permian Resources, the cost savings we have achieved due to improved efficiencies will be redeployed into drilling incremental wells in the latter part of the year, which will positively impact 2017 production. Additional capital will also be shifted to Colombia, where our teams have generated opportunities to deliver attractive returns at current prices. This activity will also support 2017 production. The construction of the joint venture ethylene cracker at Ingleside by OxyChem is on budget and on schedule to be completed in the first quarter of 2017. In addition, the crude oil export terminal at Ingleside being constructed by Midstream is also on budget and on time to be completed by year end. The terminal will have a total oil storage capacity of 2 million barrels and throughput capacity of approximately 300,000 barrels of oil per day. Although these activities will slightly increase our capital spending during third and fourth quarters, we don't expect to exceed our $3 billion budgeted spending for the full year. With the completion of the long-term projects in both our Chemical and Midstream segments, we expect to have increased flexibility with our capital program in 2017. Our efforts to focus on efficiency are paying off, as we continue to lower our total spend per barrel of production. This metric includes our overhead, operating, and capital costs per barrel of production. Our organization is focused on this metric, and we have linked incentive compensation to it. The metric is designed to drive cost reductions, increase well productivity, optimize base production. In 2014, our total spend per barrel averaged close to $62. We lowered this to about $40 in 2015 and have targeted $28.50 per barrel in 2016. In the first half of this year, we've beaten our target with average total spend of about $27 per barrel. We expect similar results during the second half of this year. Despite the increase in oil prices and energy costs during the second quarter, we held our production costs flat on a sequential quarterly basis while achieving a year-over-year decline in production costs of approximately 19%. Maintaining a conservative balance sheet continues to be a focus and a top priority. We ended the second quarter with $3.8 billion of cash on hand, an increase of $600 million from the first quarter. Our cash flow from operations exceeded our capital spending in the second quarter, and we collected the remaining $300 million of proceeds from our settlement with Ecuador. Throughout this year, we have consistently said that we will prudently manage our activity levels to stay positioned for profitable growth in 2017 while maintaining the flexibility necessary to maneuver through the uncertainty and volatility of this price environment. The capital redeployed into Permian Resources will be used to add two rigs by the fourth quarter to support production growth in 2017. The incremental capital for Colombia will be around $20 million. It will be directed to activities in La Cira-Infantas, where we have a successful partnership with Ecopetrol to develop low-decline water floods. The incremental production from this activity is also intended to support growth in 2017. Given the short-cycle nature of our Permian Resources business and the flexibility we have in our Colombia operations, we can adjust our capital spending up or down relatively quickly, depending on the price environment. On the M&A front, we also continue to look for ways to expand and further strengthen our position in the Permian through asset acquisitions, as we rarely purchase whole public companies. Our objective is to pursue opportunities in both enhanced oil recovery and our Resources business that provide meaningful synergies to enhance the value of our existing assets. Our goal in acquiring additional EOR assets is to blend development of long-life, low-decline production with our faster growth unconventional development. While we continue to evaluate potential opportunities, we are staying returns focused and note that asset prices appear excessive when one considers the current product price environment. At our board meeting in July, we announced a modest increase in our annual dividend rate from $3.00 to $3.04 per share. We have now increased our dividend every year for 14 consecutive years and a total of 15 times during that period. The dividend increase reflects our commitment to shareholders to grow the dividend annually, as is consistent with our longstanding capital priorities. As a reminder, our top priority for use of cash flow is the safety and maintenance of our operations. Our second priority is to fund the dividend. With improved capital efficiency in our Permian Resources business, the startup of the ethylene cracker in Chemicals combined with long-life base production, and a portfolio of high-quality opportunities, we expect continued future dividend growth. I'm pleased to note that our board of directors has elected a new director, Jack Moore. Jack most recently served as the Chairman and CEO for Cameron International. Prior to joining Cameron, he held various management positions at Baker Hughes and has nearly four decades of experience in the energy sector. His industry knowledge and management experience will be a great addition to our board. Before I hand off to Chris, I'd like to summarize by pointing out that across all our upstream oil and gas operations and in OxyChem and in our Midstream business, our teams are executing efficiently and innovatively to achieve pinnacle and operational excellence in all of our areas. Three things are driving this; First, the ability to focus on our core areas without the distraction from activities that are not core to us, thanks to the initiative Steve Chazen started in 2013. Second, we have excellent leadership at all levels throughout our organization. Third, our employees are performing at a very high level. They're engaged, motivated, and delivering exceptional results. While I'm happy about that and the direction we're headed, none of us are satisfied with where we are today, so we'll continue to aggressively and innovatively improve our performance. I'll now turn the call over to Chris Stavros for a review of our financial results and detailed guidance.
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Vicki, and good morning, everyone. Today I'll plan to talk about the following: some of the key changes that have occurred since the first quarter; our second quarter segment and financial results; and our third quarter and total year guidance for production and capital. Index prices for WTI and Brent improved progressively each month and ended the second quarter with about a $12 per barrel increase compared to first quarter prices. Our income and cash flows benefited from a 35% increase in realized prices for both oil and NGLs. During the second quarter, we received a tax refund of $300 million for the NOL tax receivable booked at year-end 2015, and we collected the remaining payments of $330 million related to the Ecuador settlement. Our core financial results for the second quarter of 2016 were a loss of $136 million or $0.18 per diluted share. This represents a sequential improvement from the loss of $426 million or $0.56 per diluted share during the first quarter. Although commodity prices improved significantly from first quarter levels, they remain well below the prior-year second quarter. Second quarter 2016 reported results for GAAP purposes were also a loss of $0.18 per diluted share, as there were no material non-core items during the period. Oil & Gas core pre-tax results for the second quarter of 2016 were a loss of $117 million compared to loss of $508 million in the first quarter of 2016 and income of $324 million from the same period last year. The sequential improvement of $390 million is nearly all a result of higher commodity prices. Our second quarter 2016 worldwide realized oil price of $39.66 per barrel increased by over $10 a barrel or 35% compared to the first quarter. Total company oil and gas production volumes from our ongoing operations averaged 609,000 BOE per day in the second quarter, an increase of 19,000 BOE per day on a sequential quarterly basis and 57,000 BOE per day higher than last year's second quarter. Quarterly production volumes were at the high end of our guidance range of 600,000 BOE to 610,000 BOE per day. International production from ongoing operations was 307,000 BOE per day during the second quarter of 2016 and up 24,000 BOE per day compared to the first quarter, as the Al Hosn gas plant completed its scheduled first quarter warranty shutdown and Oman's Block 62 gas project continued to ramp up production. Second quarter domestic production from ongoing operations of 302,000 BOE per day came in nearly 2% lower than the first quarter. The sequential decline was partially due to the drop in production from the absence of gas-directed drilling activity at our South Texas assets and unplanned plant outages at our non-operated Permian EOR operations. Compared to the prior year's second quarter, our domestic production was up about 4,000 BOE per day, with Permian Resources growing by 17,000 BOE per day or 16%, partly offset by a decline in natural gas production at our South Texas properties. Domestic Oil & Gas cash operating costs from ongoing operations of $11.80 per BOE in the second quarter of 2016 were roughly flat on a sequential basis. However, they declined by 13% compared to the full year 2015 cost of $13.58 per BOE. The reduction in cost compared to last year is mainly the result of improved efficiency around our surface operations, including water handling, as well as lower downhole maintenance and energy-related costs. Overall Oil & Gas DD&A for the second quarter of 2016 was $15.00 per BOE compared to $15.81 per BOE during 2015. Taxes other than on income, which are directly related to product prices, were $1.12 per BOE for the second quarter of 2016 compared to $1.32 per BOE for the full year of 2015. Second quarter exploration expense was $27 million. Chemical second quarter 2016 pre-tax core earnings were $88 million compared with first quarter earnings of $126 million. The sequential quarterly decline in core earnings reflected lower chlorovinyl production volumes, due primarily to scheduled plant outages, partially offset by more favorable vinyl margins. Midstream pre-tax core results were a loss of $58 million for the second of quarter of 2016 compared to a loss of $95 million in the first quarter. The sequential improvement reflected better Oil & Gas marketing margins and stronger domestic gas processing results due to higher NGL prices. Midstream also realized higher income from its domestic pipeline business as well as sequentially higher third-party foreign pipeline revenues, as the Dolphin gas plant was down for planned maintenance in the first quarter. Looking at our cash flows for the second quarter, we ended the quarter with $3.8 billion of cash. During the second quarter we generated $935 million of cash flow from continuing operations before working capital and other changes. Net working capital changes consumed $195 million of cash during the period, and we expect working capital changes to be much less burdensome to our cash flow during the second half of the year. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were about $660 million, bringing our year-to-date capital spending to $1.3 billion. As Vicki mentioned, our capital spending in the second half of the year will increase modestly, as certain project-related expenditures in both Chemicals and Midstream have been deferred to the latter part of the year. In addition, we plan to recycle some of the capital efficiency savings back into our Permian Resources drilling program and also take advantage of some project opportunities in Colombia. Despite the higher expected capital spending during the second half of the year, our 2016 total company capital program remains on track to be within our original budget of $3 billion. During the second quarter, we also completed a $2.75 billion three-tranche senior notes offering with attractive coupon rates of 2.6%, 3.4%, and 4.4% on six-year, 10-year, and 30-year notes respectively, and extending the average life of our debt by about five years. The primary use of proceeds went to refinance the $750 million of notes that matured on June 1, 2016 and the early redemption of $1.25 billion of notes that were scheduled to mature in February 2017. In addition, we also paid $575 million in dividends and collected $330 million in payments, completing the settlement with Ecuador. With respect to guidance and as Vicki mentioned, we now expect our full-year 2016 production growth from ongoing operations to come in at the high end of the 4% to 6% range. Better than expected production volumes achieved during the second quarter as well as improved confidence around Permian Resources and performance in the Middle East during the second half of the year allow us to narrow the estimated range of full-year 2016 production from 585,000 to 600,000 BOE per day to a new range of 590,000 to 600,000 BOE per day. Turning to guidance for the third quarter, we expect our total Oil & Gas production pro forma for ongoing operations to be between 600,000 and 605,000 BOE per day. As I had mentioned during the first quarter call, we expect production in Permian Resources to decline during the second half of 2016. We anticipate production in Permian Resources to be approximately 116,000 BOE per day in the third quarter. Variability around the outcome will be a function of well performance as we capture further efficiency gains and our ability to manage the base production. Despite the anticipated decline this quarter, we expect our full-year 2016 production in Permian Resources to be approximately 121,000 BOE per day, representing year-over-year growth of 10%. Our plan is to remain disciplined with our capital within the current product price environment and to recycle some of the efficiency and productivity gains realized this year into greater activity during the second half of the year. We expect this additional activity to help support our Permian Resources production as we exit this year and provide a platform for growth into 2017. Jody will share some specifics on this during his prepared remarks. We expect our total domestic production to decline about 10,000 BOE per day sequentially in the third quarter, largely due to lower volumes in Permian Resources and partially due to declining natural gas production. Internationally, third quarter production should increase by about 6,000 to 8,000 BOE per day, mainly driven by the continued ramp up of Oman's Block 62 production. Our DD&A expense for Oil & Gas is expected to be approximately $15 per BOE during 2016. And depreciation of the Oil & Gas segment is expected to exceed this year's capital investment by more than $1 billion. The combined depreciation for the Chemical and Midstream segments should be approximately $655 million. Exploration expense is estimated to be about $25 million pre-tax for the third quarter. Price changes at current global prices affect our annual operating cash flow by about $100 million for every dollar per barrel change in WTI. A swing of $0.50 per million BTU in domestic natural gas prices affects annual operating cash flow by about $45 million. In Chemicals, we anticipate pre-tax earnings of about $130 million for the third quarter, as the business ramps back up from second quarter's planned maintenance outages at several of our chlorovinyl plants combined with improved caustic soda prices. In Midstream, we expect the third quarter to generate a pre-tax loss of between $20 million and $40 million. While quarter-to-quarter changes can be volatile in this segment, the sequential improvement is anticipated due to higher foreign pipeline income and higher income from power generation as well as improvements in our crude oil supply commitments. These factors combined with better results for domestic gas processing should provide a noticeable improvement in our overall Midstream results during the second half of the year compared to the first six months' results. The worldwide effective tax rate on our reported and core income was 41% for the second quarter of 2016. Using current strip prices for oil and gas, we expect our 2016 domestic tax rate to be about 40%. Our international tax rate should be about 60%. I will now turn the call over to Jody Elliott, who will discuss activity around our Permian operations.
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Today I will provide a review of our domestic operations during the second quarter and guidance on our program through the end of 2016. As Vicki discussed earlier, we slowed our Permian Resources drilling program as planned due to severely depressed product prices in the beginning of 2016. We strategically increased capital spending in the EOR business, which will drive increased production in future quarters and years. In order to prepare for growth in 2017, we plan to add two drilling rigs in our Resources business later this year. We will increase our operated rig count over the second half of the year to seven to eight drilling rigs in the Permian, five of these in Permian Resources. This is an increase from our previous guidance of four to five rigs. This incremental activity is a direct result of program savings from improved capital and operating efficiencies as well as improvements in base production management. Our team has performed extraordinarily well to capture these savings, which will be reinvested back into the business. As stated last quarter, our Permian Resources operation is being managed to maximize the value of our workforce, enhance our operational capabilities, invest in areas with existing infrastructure, and gather critical appraisal information to drive better well productivity. Our focus for the remainder of the year is to prepare the business for profitable growth in 2017. Turning to the performance of Permian Resources, in the second quarter we achieved daily production of 126,000 BOE per day, a 16% increase versus the prior year. Oil production decreased quarter over quarter by 5,000 barrels a day to 79,000 barrels per day. However, this was a 10% increase from a year ago. The decline was due to lower capital spending, with 14 wells put online versus 37 wells in the first quarter. In addition to better performance of our wells, emphasis on production optimization has been central to reducing declines in the business, and we've exceeded our expectations versus our goals. As previously stated, we expect to increase our activity in the second half of 2016 and bring approximately 30 wells online. Due to the slowdown in activity in the first half of the year due to depressed oil prices and a disciplined development strategy, we expect to see declines in the third and fourth quarter. Third quarter production should average 116,000 BOE per day. For the full year of 2016, we expect to produce 121,000 BOE per day, a 10% growth rate year over year. As our activity increases, we expect production decline to stabilize. And with higher oil prices, we will deliver production growth in 2017. As we continue to increase our lateral lengths, we now compare and benchmark our well cost on a cost per thousand feet of lateral length basis. Slide 31 illustrates our demonstrated improvement in well costs, which have declined by roughly 30% from 2015. Similarly, our 1,000 foot of lateral per rig per quarter has also improved from 25.2 per rig in 2015 to 36.3 per rig in the second quarter. These metrics will be a primary focus as we continue our development plans. I would emphasize that we estimate 80% of these improvements in efficiency are not at risk of service price increases in a cyclical recovery. Our Delaware Basin well performance continues to be strong despite reduced activity. We placed seven horizontal wells on production in the Wolfcamp A benches in the second quarter. We continue to increase well productivity by increasing contact with the reservoir near the wellbore utilizing higher cluster density, higher proppant loading, and drilling longer laterals. For example, we placed three Buzzard State Unit wells online, with an average peak rate of 1,993 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,733 BOE per day. The HB Morrison B 15H well with a 5,000-foot lateral achieved a peak rate of 2,265 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,717 BOE per day. As can be seen on the chart on slide 32, well productivity continues to improve across all production metrics year over year due to our successful efforts of applying geologic and reservoir parameters into our landing zones and completion designs. In the Delaware Basin, our Wolfcamp A 4,500-foot well cost decreased by about 19% from the 2015 cost of $7.7 million to a first half 2016 cost of $6.2 million. We reduced our drilling time by six days from the average of 25 days in 2015 to 19 days, measured by rig release to rig release. We expect the cost and productivity improvements in drilling, completions, and facilities to continue as we progress our program. In addition, we drilled a Second Bone Spring appraisal well in the Texas Delaware region, with encouraging results, which we believe will add additional bench potential to the long-term development plan in this area. We did not put any additional wells online during the second quarter in New Mexico, but we are actively drilling in the region. However, our Second Bone Spring 180-day cumulative production rates are among the best in the play. During the second half of the year, we plan to increase drilling and completion activity in the southern Eddy County area due to these improved results. We're targeting an average well cost of $5.5 million, and we continue to appraise and delineate multiple benches in the core areas of this region. And our initial results have indicated high-return multi-bench development potential. In the East Midland Basin, we brought on the Waldron Eunice 1306WA well in the second quarter at a peak rate of 1,407 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,286 BOE per day. We also brought online the Merchant 1404A well at a peak rate of 1,222 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,061 BOE per day. Both wells are producing with high oil cuts. In the West Midland Basin, eight new Lower Spraberry wells at South Curtis Ranch are producing results among the best in the play. Improved well results are due to an optimized landing zone target and stimulation redesign. In the Midland Basin, we made similar improvements in well cost and drilling days in drilling the Wolfcamp A formation. We reduced the cost of these 7,500-foot horizontal wells by 10% from the 2015 cost of $7.1 million to a first half cost of $6.4 million, including the additional cost of increased frac size. We reduced our drilling time by three days from the 2015 average of 19 days to 16 days, measured by rig release to rig release. In the Permian Resources as a whole, we achieved another quarter of lower quarter-over-quarter field operating expenses, due mainly to improved surface operations with optimized water handling, lower workover expenses, and better downhole performance. Since the second quarter of 2015, we've reduced our operating cost per barrel by 27%. We continue to work additional cost reduction and efficiency improvements. As stated earlier, our focus on maximizing production from existing wells has been central to reducing declines in the business. We expect that our annual average uplift from our investment will be over 6,000 net BOE per day. This is another example of leveraging our decades of base management expertise in the EOR business to our Resources business. In addition to the Midland Basin and Delaware Basin results, we drilled and completed two horizontal Wichita Albany appraisal wells on existing HBP acreage on the Central Basin Platform. We are encouraged by the early results of these lower decline rate wells and would anticipate drilling six to eight follow-up wells in the play in the next 12 to 18 months. In Permian EOR, we continue to take advantage of lower drilling costs and manage the operations to run our gas processing facilities at full capacity. Permian EOR had another quarter of free cash flow generation, driven by resilient base production and low capital requirements. Drilling costs are running 23% below our benchmark target, and we've lowered our cash operating expenses by 20% since the fourth quarter of 2014 and 7% year over year, driven mainly by lower downhole maintenance and injectant costs. In similar fashion to our Resources business, the capital savings achieved by the EOR team will be reinvested into additional wells and CO2 flood expansion. As I mentioned in previous calls, the Residual Oil Zone development, or ROZ, is a vertical expansion of the CO2 flooded interval. The ROZ underlies most of our major EOR properties and can be developed between $3 and $7 a barrel. Year to date, we have completed 74 well deepenings and recompletions along with 28 new wells in ROZ developments. We anticipate an additional 30 deepenings and recompletions and 22 new wells in ROZ developments in the second half of 2016. In addition, one of our horizontal rigs from Permian Resources drilled two deep CO2 source wells, which will help provide long-term supplies of CO2 and support our vast inventory of EOR development projects. In summary, we are achieving better than expected results in both Permian businesses that will allow us to invest the savings into additional wells in each respective business. In the current environment, we believe this is a prudent investment philosophy that motivates our employees and works well with our total spend per barrel incentive metric. We're pleased with the strides that our teams have made in execution, performance, and safety thus far in 2016, which will afford us the ability to ramp up our activity should oil prices exhibit fundamental stability. Thank you, and I will now hand it back to Chris Degner.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you. Jody. We will now open up the call for questions. And we would ask that you please limit your questions to just one and then a follow-up.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks and good morning, everybody. Vicki, adding a couple of rigs to the Permian at the back end of this year, I'm just curious: When you talk about priorities for the use of cash, ultimately where do you see that activity going? Is there a maximum? You've talked in the past about the proportion of growth that you'd want from the Permian at least to be limited in terms of not impacting your dividend policy. But is there a run rate that you would expect to be a normalized run rate as you start to add activity back, given the deep inventory you have?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're talking about run rate with respect to rig activity?
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, and capital expenditures. Is there a limit as to how much you would want to allocate there because obviously in a rising oil price environment, you guys have got a lot of levers you could pull?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. Currently for at least next year and 2017, and it's hard to predict for 2018. But for 2017, we intend to stay pretty close to the capital allocation that we have for this year, and that's assuming that prices are as we expect. And I will say that we expected the prices to be in the neighborhood of where they are right now, and that's why we took a conservative approach to our capital this year. We do expect some improvement next year but we're not sure how much that will be, so we're going to wait till toward the end of this year to determine exactly what our capital program for 2017 will be. But our expectation is that if things are as we expect them to be that we would be close to $3 billion. We might spend a little bit more than that if prices are a little bit better than we expect. But the run rate for our company going forward with the assets that we currently have would continue to be in the $3 billion to $3.5 billion, maybe a little bit more, but not a whole lot more than that.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Maybe just a quick follow-up to that. Perhaps a better way to ask the question, Vicki, is what's the operating capacity that you have in the Permian? Do you have a lot of headroom where you could add rigs without necessarily having to increase capability?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We have the capacity to increase significantly. We will be more limited by our disciplined approach, but we certainly have kept the capability within our organization. We have the ability to put the infrastructure in in the Permian, so we have I would say significant ability. At one time, we were running over 25 rigs. And we could, if prices were in the range that would warrant that, we could get back to that. But bearing in mind now that back when we were running 25 rigs, we were not as efficient as we are today. We're significantly improved with our efficiencies, so we could get actually the same amount of productivity with half the number of rigs that we were at at that time. So I don't see us going back to a 25 rig count in the Permian unless we expand our operations and our footprint. But we could easily go back to somewhere in the neighborhood of up to 15 rigs reasonably and still have the capacity to do it. I think we could get ahead of it with our infrastructure as well. And actually, Jody could talk a little bit more, if you'd like, about the infrastructure development and how we're trying to stay ahead of it. He's got teams working on development plans for our key areas that will put us we believe well ahead so that we could ramp up to levels of that activity without being encumbered by regulatory issues and/or infrastructure issues.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. My follow-up, Vicki  I don't want to take up too much time  my follow-up is a bit of an obtuse question, and I apologize in advance. The use of cash, the priority for use of cash, acquisition is still at the bottom of that list. And your commentary and the slide deck again points to a fairly big bid/ask spread as it relates to CO2. However, your currency is also quite valuable, so I'm just wondering. Should we be thinking a little bit out of the box in terms of whether Oxy would be prepared to use equity to make a CO2 add to the portfolio? And I'll leave it there, thanks.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll say that the way you should view the capital priorities right now is just the two that I mentioned. Certainly, maintenance of our operations is the highest priority. Dividends are second. But when you look at the other possibilities, whether it's organic growth or share repurchases or acquisitions, those three really depend on the situations that we're in, and so those three can vary over time or according to the environment that we're in. I would say that for today, as per my comments about M&A, we are certainly looking at acquiring and expanding  acquiring assets and expanding our position in the Permian. And we would be for the right project, for the right opportunity, certainly be willing to use our equity to do that.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the answer. Thanks, Vicki.
Operator: And the next question will come from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: The first question is just maybe following up on your commentary about capital spending for 2017. How would you tie that spending to what kind of growth you think you could achieve across the portfolio, factoring in that Permian Resources will be declining and leveling off in the fourth quarter? I'm thinking not only in Permian Resources, but also internationally when you think about the growth you're seeing out of Oman and what you talked about with Al Hosn.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I would say with the future the way we view it and what we expect to see in 2017, we're going to try to achieve within our range of growth targets, but possibly on the lower end if prices are still on the lower end and we don't see fundamentals driving prices up. So we're going to wait pretty much to the end of this year to make final decisions on it. But we do believe that in a price environment that's certainly better than where we are today is what we would need to continue to grow. But Permian Resources, we will grow Permian Resources next year. The question for us is whether or not we'll grow other areas within our company for next year, and that will all depend on what oil prices do.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And just to clarify, the historical range that you're referring to?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The historical range is 4% to 6%.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, so you still think you could hit the low end of that range next year?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We do, in the price range that we would expect.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it, okay. And of that $3 billion, I know you gave this number a couple quarters ago. But what do you think is your sustaining capital requirement at this point for the total company?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm sorry, you cut out. Could you ask that question again?
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: What do you think the sustaining capital requirement is for the total company at this point? I know you gave that number a couple quarters ago in your slides. I'm curious if the view is the same or if that's changed at all.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: With the increased production that we have now, the capital that would be required to offset declines would be in the neighborhood of about $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Okay, thank you. I'll turn it over.
Operator: And next we have a question from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Just I guess the first question is just on that production outlook for 2017, very helpful. Given the improvement in the D&C days and the well performance, I guess, and the investments in EOR, I would have expected 2017 to be perhaps a little bit stronger than that, so maybe just talk through. Is it timing of when you complete the wells, pad drilling type stuff?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's really a lot more around the uncertainty of the price environment, and it has a lot less to do with our capability to do it. What we want to do is ensure that we're conservative with our capital programs. We have the potential and the opportunities to certainly not only meet the upper end but exceed it, but we're really trying to be careful about what we forecast and what programs we set up for next year. I can tell you that what we'll do is that we'll put the program together. We always do that at the end of this year, and we'll firm it up by first of next year. But what our teams have done during this downturn in this slower period is they've enabled us to have a lot more flexibility next year to be able to ramp up should we need to or should we have the opportunity to do so. And the ramp up could be not just in Permian Resources. As I mentioned earlier, the ramp up could be in Colombia as well. And in addition to that, we expect that because of the situation with Al Hosn, overall, Al Hosn will have a higher production rate in 2017 because it will have a full year of production versus the warranty turnaround that we had in Q1 of this year. In addition to that, we'll have Block 62 gas on for the full year, and that will be helpful. So if you take those things, combine it with the flexibility that we have in both Permian Resources and Colombia, we'll start the year probably conservatively until we see fundamentals start to support prices, but we will have the ability to ramp up in multiple areas. And if prices and the fundamentals are such that we feel comfortable, we'll have the flexibility to actually increase our programs throughout the year if we see that that makes sense.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): My second question is on the Bone Springs chart that you've got in here on page 34, just with the new design, 4,500-foot lateral 180-day cumes over 200,000 BOE, and a decent oil cut, that actually looks a bit better than the chart you've got here on page 36 for a 10,000-foot lateral in the Lower Spraberry. So I guess the question is, is this  and I think I've asked this before  really a sweet spot in the Bone Springs geology? Or really maybe just give us some color as to how optimistic you feel about the Southeast New Mexico asset.
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: This is Jody, and good morning. It's more than a sweet spot. I think we're encouraged with Southeast New Mexico across the board, multiple bench development. These examples are over in our Cedar Canyon area. But further east of that area, there's acreage with even more benches that are prospective. So very encouraged with Southeast New Mexico, and the rig adds that we're talking about will likely be in the Delaware and in New Mexico.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, thanks very much, well done.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks, maybe a couple. One, in regards to 2017 capital, can you talk about what you believe the year-on-year change in cash balance is driven by the Chemicals business? For example, how much capital do you see rolling off into 2017 relative to incremental cash flow from the startup of the cracker?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, for the Chemicals cash flow, we expect that capital this year is around $500 million. Next year it should drop to less than $400 million. The following year it would be back down to basically its maintenance levels of around $250 million. So we'll have around $300 million in cash flow from Chemicals this year and expect that by 2018 that would be up to around $900 million, potentially a little bit more than that depending on product prices in the Chemical business.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, so that should free up significant capital, I guess, in 2017. It would be, even at that $3 billion world, to be reinvested back into the organic upstream business.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's correct. We had about  total including the Chemicals and the Midstream business, we had this year $500 million of committed capital and almost $400 million of that's coming off for 2017. That will be redeployed into  most of that into the Permian Resources business.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Perfect, thanks, and then maybe just one follow-up on portfolio rationalizations. At this point, you guys have been very active over the last 12 to 18 months. Is it all done? Is there anything left to be done in terms of streamlining the portfolio? I'm not sure if you mentioned this in the prior comments or if I missed it. Within that regard, PAGP [Plains GP Holdings, LP], what would you need to see to further monetize that?
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Ryan, most of the rationalization in terms of Oil & Gas and certainly Middle East operations is largely behind us. We've done that over the last year or so. From a corporate asset perspective, we still have, as you point out, the Plains units. So there are about 80 million units of that, and they've just gone through their simplification process. So we'll let that close out here formally in the latter part of the year, fourth quarter with their plan. And then this is not a strategic investment on our part, so I would tell you that we don't look to hold on to that longer term. So that's an option in terms of liquidity that we've got, market value $800 million or thereabouts.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, everybody. Thank you. Vicki, you keep talking about the oil price you're assuming. I assume that that's $50-ish. Previously, you had said that you would add rigs once you became confident that $50 would be sustained along the strip. I assume that you're maintaining the view that $50-plus is what we're going to see and hence you want to accelerate.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's pretty close to right. We do expect it to be $50 or above in 2017, but certainly we're not as bullish as some people. We're taking, as I said, a conservative view, but it would be fundamentally above $50.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: And hence the minor acceleration I guess we'll call it?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: On the Permian deal, I think you said very clearly you don't want to make a corporate acquisition. I think you need something material to make it worth your while. My sense is that the recent $1 billion type asset packages would not really be of a sufficient scale for you guys to really work the CO2 business in the way that you want to.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The way we view it is the Permian, as you know, is a huge place. There are lots of opportunities. We're looking at this as a goal and an objective in terms of our total expansion, and there are multiple ways to get there. We could get there with several different options, and what we've done is prioritized our options. And we're working pretty much a lot of things to try to ensure that we reach our goals. But we're happy...
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Can you specify  sorry. I was going to ask you. Can you just specify what the goals are?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The goals are to try to match what our growth profile could be in EOR with Resources. And we haven't really put what that means in terms of exact production volumes or anything like that out there because it's hard to do at this point with respect to the EOR business. But we're really in a position because of where our operations are with respect EOR in the Permian, we've got the ability in multiple areas to play a Pac-Man approach where we can acquire a lot of smaller assets that could total up to make a material difference to us as a cumulative acquisition. So we're not opposed to looking at a variety of smaller deals. And again, because of our position, we would have the capability to do that and make it still fit within our goals to try to make sure that these are synergistic with our current operations.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: And then on the CO2 side?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's actually what I'm talking about. We're going to do the same thing in both Resources and CO2 because we have the ability around the areas that we currently operate to add additional properties.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So what you're saying is on either side you could go smaller or larger basically in terms of adding assets?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's correct.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Is that something  I think you're more or less saying that you feel it's necessary if you're going to maintain the scale of growth that you're aiming for.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, the scale of growth is much easier in the Resources business. In the EOR business, the issue that we have today is that we're constrained by some of our infrastructure. So we feel like some of the expanding to our footprint would enable us to also expand our infrastructure to support some growth, accelerated growth, with not only what we have but what we could potentially pick up.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Right. And I think just finally for me, just you are somewhat short, I think, if not short, depending on your growth plans, of CO2 itself?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Currently, we don't see an issue with the CO2 that we would need to accelerate growth. We're trying to look at options for where we get the CO2, but I don't see that being a bottleneck for us. I see the current bottleneck being just the fact that it doesn't make sense to accelerate some of our floods where our plants are sized more appropriately for a full field development. So that's really some of the bottleneck is the infrastructure around the existing plants.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you very much, Vicki.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay.
Operator: And next we have Guy Baber from Simmons.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to start off with the Permian unconventional production trajectory. You referenced improved confidence in that business in the prepared remarks, but it looks like the guidance today calls for a bit bigger decline over the back half of the year than we would have expected, down 10,000 barrels a day 3Q. Can you talk a little bit more about the declines you're seeing there, how conservative that guidance might be, just how that's shaping up? And then secondly in the Permian also, you talked about year-on-year growth for unconventional in 2017. Can you talk about the spending level necessary relative to your $700 million or so budget this year that would be required to deliver production north of 120,000 barrels a day, as indicated in the slides?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: Guy, this is Jody. I appreciate the question. With regard to the decline, it's really a function of the activity set from this last quarter. One of the things I discussed, we moved a rig and drilled a couple of Wichita Albany wells. We drilled a couple of CO2 source wells. So the activity set in this quarter was fairly low for Resources, which is indicative in the forecast for the third quarter. But in the back half of the year, those rigs are back in Resources. We're going to add rigs. And so we will flatten that decline toward the end of the year and then set us up with the right trajectory for production growth into 2017.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. And then did you have a spending estimate relative to the $700 million budget this year that would drive north of 120,000 barrels a day of production next year?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We expect that would probably be in the $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion range. But with the way the teams are still improving efficiencies and the well productivities are getting better, we're not prepared to commit to that completely at this point. Every time we set a target for those guys, they meet or exceed it, so we're not sure that that's the exact number. We'll know better about that by the end of the year as we prepare our final plans and we get a little more information from our Southeast New Mexico developments.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: That's very helpful. And then I wanted to ask one on Al Hosn, with obviously very strong performance during the quarter, above nameplate capacity. Can you talk a little bit more about what drove that? Is that type of performance sustainable? And are you already finding ways to sustainably I guess debottleneck that production into next year?
Edward A. Lowe - President, Oil and Gas, International: Hey, Guy. This is Sandy Lowe, good question. As we do with other large facilities like this, when everything is stable, we tend to test individual components and processes within the plant. And we've been doing that during the summer, which is the toughest time and the most relevant proving because of the relatively high heat in the area. And we've been able to show our guidance of 60,000 barrels per day equivalent for Oxy's share, and we've been up in the high-60,000 barrels per day with the promise to get into the 70,000 barrels per day just by pushing individual processes pretty hard. The main reason for this is to assess what the expansion would look like and which components we'd need, either total addition or enhancement, or some that just might be able to take higher load. So we think that out of this will come, if you like, a new baseline, which could be 110% or 112%, and then from that  or even a bit higher. And from there we would design an expansion to get up to a good number. It's the sweet spot for the investment profile and the production profile, of course, working with our bigger partner, the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company. So that's where we are with it. I think it will be  the fact that we did this during the summer is probably pretty good for year-round enhanced production.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thank you very much.
Operator: And next we have a question from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning. I guess to jump into the Permian area, I was wondering. With some of the areas you've expanded into, specifically in Southeast New Mexico, and your discussion of additional benches, is part of the rig count increase reflective of any an HBP issue arising here, or is all the acreage fairly well secure and just simply reflects, like you said, the price outlook and budgetary expectations?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: Roger, most of our acreage is HBP. We have some drilling clocks, 180-day drilling clocks. But the activity set is driven by the value proposition and the returns from these investments. We have very few remaining lease obligation drilling wells, if any at all.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. And then I'm not sure if this is for you, Jody, or for Vicki, but the way to think about the drilling efficiencies that you have achieved, if we essentially quadruple from the drilling level we've been or double from the year-end exit rate, the 15 rigs that were mentioned, what would you think of budgetarily or operationally is the right way to think about those efficiencies that can continue to be realized, or do we see the curve bend the other way? And this is not specifically looking at you, but as we add that many rigs, we're going to get some less efficient crews potentially into the field, and I'm just trying to understand on a longer-term basis what that may mean for well costs breakeven, cash flow and all.
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: I think that's manageable as long as the ramp up from an industry perspective is fairly moderate. What encourages me, at least for us at Oxy, is that we continue to have new ideas coming forward for cost efficiency. We've mentioned before, last year we had this cost stand-down day in Resources alone that generated over 1,400 ideas. We've put in place about half of those, and we're still vetting the other half for opportunities. And again, that crosses OpEx, capital, SG&A. We have some other technology things we're working on, on the drilling side that we think can provide efficiency gains. We know at some point that the price cycle will turn around on services, but I think we're getting well prepared to offset that with efficiency, not just for us but for the suppliers as well. In the areas of integrated planning and logistics, crew utilization, equipment utilization, bundling of services, there are just a number of things that we think can help offset the potential for either efficiency or cost pressure as we move forward. So I think we can hold those rates of return.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And if I could sneak in one more along those lines of efficiencies, when you think about the additional rigs in the fourth quarter, what's roughly the time from adding that rig, spud date to first oil production? It sounds like you're pretty far ahead on the infrastructure side, so I would think pretty quick tie-ins.
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: It's fairly quick. It's really more a function is it a single well or is it a multi-well pad where you want to drill all the wells and then complete all the wells, so your time to market for that package is a little bit longer. But again, we're drilling in areas mostly where we've got infrastructure, and so adding wells is fairly quick. There's not a long delay.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I would add to that that the way they're doing the developments now is they're doing pad drilling. So as Jody mentioned, the pad drilling will result in lumpy production. That's why we're not expecting a production impact from the increased activity levels this year, but we do expect it to show up in early Q1. And that's why we set the program up that way. It was really a part of our plan to start getting ready for 2017 production, so that's when we'll see the incremental from the increased activity.
Operator: And the next question is from John Herrlin of Socit Gnrale.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Thanks. With your Permian acreage, what's the chance of you doing swaps? And then my other question is with Colombia. What would the response time be for the water floods once you get going?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll start with Colombia first and then we'll let Jody take the Permian question. In Colombia, what we've done, we entered into  we currently have a water flood going there now that's successful. We got some additional intervals within that same area to develop two other zones. And we've been studying and putting the water flood pilot plans together, so we'll be starting the pilot first. So that's why we're adding the $20 million there to Colombia is to do the pilot so that we can get some information from that before we start into full field development. So the full field development of those water floods will come after we complete the pilot.
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: And, John, with regard to Permian acreage swaps, that's probably our most active area right now with our land business. And so most operators are wanting to drill longer laterals, 7,500-foot, 10,000-foot. And so acreage swaps, especially where you've got more neighboring acreage, trying to swap Midland for Delaware is a little tougher. But in a general geographic area, we're seeing quite a bit of activity, and we've taken advantage of that so that we can drill longer laterals.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. Vicki, back to Colombia, again, what response time, a year, six months? Do you have a sense?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think we would expect that from the time that we start water injection that it would be within six months to a year.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And this concludes our call today. I will now turn the call back over to Chris Degner.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Laura, and thank you, everyone, for participating on our call. Bye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 15:45:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas Edward A. Lowe - President, Oil and Gas, International
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Guy A. Baber IV - Simmons & Company
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Degner. Please go ahead
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Emily. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jody Elliott, President of Oxy Domestic Oil & Gas; Sandy Lowe, President of Oxy International Oil and Gas; Chris Stavros, Chief Financial Officer; Rob Peterson, President of OxyChem. In just a moment I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our first quarter 2016 earnings press release, the investor relations supplemental schedules, our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations, and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone. This quarter was another extremely difficult one for the industry. But we stayed focused on our game plan, addressing the things that are within our sphere of influence, so that we not only survive through this time but thrive. We'll do this through full cycle cost leadership, optimal capital allocation, and maintaining our balance sheet. Superior access to and lower costs of capital positions us to invest in opportunities that will grow our business organically or through acquisitions. We believe the world will continue to need oil. And when markets demand production growth, they will first look to the Permian. And we will be ready. First and foremost, we're focused on operational excellence to drive full cycle costs lower for all of our businesses. This requires subsurface and surface execution excellence. In the first quarter we demonstrated good operational performance. We grew Permian Resources production by 30,000 BOE per day or 31% year over year. We performed above our expectations on new wells brought online, particularly in New Mexico. And we delivered better base production. Permian production outperformance allowed us to exceed total production expectations for the quarter, despite lower than planned production from Al Hosn. Al Hosn was shut down for a successful warranty turnaround. But the shutdown was longer than expected. It is now back on production at full capacity. We also reduced our overall cash operating costs by 23% and achieved SG&A savings of 14% versus the first quarter of last year. To further improve our overall well performance we're focusing a portion of our workforce on initiatives that will have a step change impact on costs in the future. Such as artificial lift design improvements, multi-bench development, increased integration of new 3D seismic surveys, and the application of data analytics into our reservoir characterization. To incentivize our management and employees we developed a target metric, called total spend per barrel, which is our cash, operating capital, and SG&A costs, divided by our total production. Our target for 2016 is almost 30% lower than 2015's actual total spend. This is an aggressive target, especially in view of the fact that we reduced total spend per barrel from over $60 to $40 in 2015. Our 2016 capital program is $3 billion, a 50% reduction from 2015. We're on track to achieve this with first quarter capital spend of $687 million. Our capital is focused in our core areas. Taking advantage of reduced cost of labor and materials in this environment, we shifted more capital to Permian EOR to modify and expand existing facilities, increasing our capacity to handle and inject greater quantities of CO2. This will enable us to implement additional CO2 projects and further grow oil production. These projects will have a longer duration with typical production response time of 1 year to 2 years. By then we expect prices to be higher than they are today. We're also targeting lower-cost projects, including residual oil zone CO2 floods, where development costs are between $3 and $7 per BOE. In Permian Resources our development activities are in the Midland and Delaware basins, in areas where we have existing infrastructure, allowing us to achieve higher returns. We are maintaining minimal activity levels, sufficient to continue to improve execution efficiencies and well production performance. This allows us to retain our inventory of shorter cycle, unconventional wells for development during an improved environment. In the Chemicals business the Ingleside cracker remains on budget and on time for startup in the first quarter of 2017. Our balance sheet remains strong on an absolute basis and relative to our peers. In the first quarter we closed on $285 million of asset sales in the Piceance Basin, the Dallas Tower, and a small specialty chemical operation. We received $550 million of proceeds from our settlement with Ecuador. In April we issued $2.75 billion of bonds that will be used to retire and call about $2 billion of debt maturing in 2016 and 2017. We ended the first quarter with $3.2 billion, which is ample cash and liquidity to fund our capital program and dividends. With a strong start in the first quarter we've raised our production guidance on our core assets to a range of 585,000 BOE to 600,000 BOE per day. Overall domestic production is anticipated to decline slightly through the year, primarily due to the declining natural gas and NGL volumes, caused by the curtailment of drilling activity in our gas assets in 2014. We expect a modest increase in production from Permian Resources versus last year. And Permian EOR production will remain flat. In our capital programs we expect slightly higher spending in the second and third quarters due to the timing of major projects in our Chemicals and Midstream segments. As I mentioned earlier our full year production will not exceed  our program, our capital program will not exceed $3 billion. This plan should approximate our expected cash from operations at current commodity prices. In summary, I'd like to thank our employees for their commitment to excellence in both safety and operations during these challenging times. They're continuing to find ways to add value through increased sales and cost reductions across all segments of our company. While the macro environment remains challenging for the industry, we believe our continued focus on returns, improved cost structure, and a strong balance sheet provide us with the opportunity to emerge from the current cycle as a stronger company relative to our peers. Finally, I'd like to take a moment to recognize Steve Chazen. While he's not here today, I know he will eventually listen to this call. On behalf of investors, the Board of Directors, and employees, I would like to thank Steve for his leadership and outstanding service to Occidental over his 22-year career. He shaped our company into what it is today. And we're grateful to him for that. I'll now turn the call to Chris Stavros for a review of our financial results and detailed guidance.
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Vicki, and good morning, everyone. As Vicki noted, despite the severe weakness in product prices during the quarter, our business benefited from higher than expected production volumes from our ongoing domestic operations, lower cash operating costs, and improved capital efficiency. These factors help support our operating cash flow during the quarter. This, in combination with a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity, has allowed us to weather the continued weak product price environment. Our core financial results for the first quarter of 2016 were a loss of $426 million or $0.56 per diluted share, a decrease from both the year ago quarter and also the fourth quarter of 2015. The decline in both sequential and year-over-year core results were attributable to much weaker commodity prices, which more than offset the benefit from lower costs. Reported results for GAAP purposes during the first quarter of 2016 was income of $78 million or $0.10 per diluted share, compared to a loss of $218 million or $0.28 per diluted share in the prior year period. Reported results included gains on asset sales of $87 million after tax, and $438 million after tax as a result of proceeds received from the settlement with Ecuador, partially offset by several non-cash charges. Oil and Gas core after tax results for the first quarter of 2016 were a loss of $388 million, a sequential decline of about $200 million, mainly due to lower commodity prices, partially offset by improved cash operating costs. Our first quarter 2016 worldwide realized oil price of $29.42 per barrel fell by nearly $10 a barrel or nearly 25% compared to prices during last year's fourth quarter. Total company Oil and Gas production volumes from our ongoing operations averaged 590,000 BOE per day in the first quarter of 2016, 59,000 BOE per day higher than the prior year period, although down 7,000 BOE per day on a sequential quarterly basis. This was well above the higher end range of 570,000 BOE to 585,000 BOE per day for full year 2016 production guidance that we provided earlier this year. Total domestic production volumes climbed 3% sequentially at 307,000 BOE per day during the first quarter. Our domestic oil production was 197,000 barrels per day, up 7,000 barrels per day from last year's fourth quarter and 17,000 barrels per day higher from the same period a year ago. Production in our Permian Resources business grew to 128,000 BOE per day during the first quarter of 2016, compared to 118,000 BOE per day during the fourth quarter, far exceeding our earlier guidance of 121,000 BOE per day for the period. Permian Resources volumes grew by more than 30% compared to the year ago period. International production from ongoing operations was 283,000 BOE per day during the first quarter of 2016, down 16,000 BOE per day compared to the fourth quarter of last year, primarily due to the scheduled first quarter warranty shut down at the Al Hosn gas plant. Total production from our ongoing operations excludes volumes of 67,000 BOE per day from assets we have either divested or exited or are in the process of exiting. Domestically, this includes our Williston operations, which we sold in November 2015, and our Piceance operations, which were sold in March of 2016. Tables showing volumes both on a reported basis and also from pro forma ongoing operations are included in the schedules along with our press release. Domestic Oil and Gas cash operating costs from ongoing operations declined to $11.86 per BOE in the first quarter, compared to $12.28 per BOE during the fourth quarter of 2015 and 13% below full year 2015 costs of $13.58 per BOE. The reduction in costs is mainly a result of improved efficiency around our surface operations and maintenance. Overall Oil and Gas DD&A for the first quarter of 2016 was $15.61 per BOE, compared to $15.81 per BOE during 2015. Taxes other than on income, which are directly related to product prices, were $1.15 per BOE for the first quarter, compared to $1.32 per BOE during 2015. First quarter exploration expense was $9 million. Chemicals first quarter 2016 pre-tax core earnings were $126 million, compared with earnings of $116 million during last year's fourth quarter and $139 million in the year ago period. The sequential improvement in earnings reflected higher sales volumes across most product lines compared with lower natural gas costs, partly offset by weaker PVC, VCM, and caustic soda pricing. Weakness was also seen in the calcium chloride business as a result of the unseasonably warm winter evidenced in key markets, combined with the industry slowdown in fracking activity. Chemicals also closed on the sales of its corporate headquarters building in Dallas and a small specialty chemical operation, which together resulted in pre-tax gains of roughly $90 million. And those are excluded from our core Chemical earnings. Midstream pre-tax core results were a loss of $95 million for the first quarter of 2016, compared to a loss of $45 million in the fourth quarter of last year and a loss of $5 million in the prior year first quarter. The sequential decline was mainly attributable to lower midstream income from Al Hosn due to the warranty shutdown in the quarter and planned maintenance at the Dolphin [Gas] Project, which led to lower foreign pipeline income. Looking at our cash flows for the first quarter, we began the year with $4.4 billion of cash on hand. During the first quarter we generated $825 million of cash flow from continuing operations before working capital and other changes. Net working capital changes consumed $320 million of cash during the period. The use was related to the reduction in capital spending associated with deceleration of drilling activity, cyclical payments of property taxes and employee severance-related costs, and payment of liabilities accrued at year end related to the exit or exiting from some international operations. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $685 million, a 41% decline from the $1.2 billion spent in the fourth quarter of 2015. While our first quarter capital was lower than expected, this was due to a deferral of some outlays in Midstream and Chemicals into the second and third quarters. Our 2016 total company capital program remains on track to be between $2.8 billion to $3 billion and ending the year at a rate similar to the first quarter as committed project capital winds down. We received $285 million from the sale of non-core assets in the Piceance Basin sale of some chemical assets as I noted earlier. We also collected $550 million from our settlement with Ecuador during the first quarter and expect to receive payment of more than $300 million in the coming months. These proceeds have been classified as discontinued operations in the cash flow statement. During the quarter we retired $700 million of debt which matured in February and paid $575 million in dividends. We ended the first quarter with a cash balance of $3.2 billion. On April 4 of this year, we completed a $2.75 billion three tranche senior notes offering with attractive coupon rates of 2.6%, 3.4%, and 4.4% on the 6-year, 10-year, and 30-year notes respectively. Primary use of the proceeds will go towards refinancing of $750 million in notes that mature on June of this year. And we've also exercised our early redemption option to call $1.25 billion of notes that were scheduled to mature in February of 2017. After this redemption, Oxy's total outstanding debt will be approximately $8.3 billion, essentially the same as at the end of 2015. Importantly, this transaction extended the life of our debt maturities by 5 years with our next maturity not scheduled until February 2018. Moody's currently rates Oxy at A3 stable, and S&P rates us at straight A stable. Turning to guidance. As Vicki highlighted, we are raising our full year 2016 production guidance from a range of 2% to 4% previously, to 4% to 6%, essentially a 2% increase. We're within a new range of 585,000 BOE to 600,000 BOE per day for the full year. The increase will be accomplished without any change to our original capital program and is primarily a result of better than expected production in our domestic operations. Specifically, results in the Permian Resources continue to outperform our expectations, due to improved well productivity and better management around our base volumes. Turning to guidance for the second quarter. We expect our total Oil and Gas production pro forma for ongoing operations to increase sequentially to a range of 600,000 BOE to 610,000 BOE per day, as Al Hosn and Dolphin ramp back up from the first quarter scheduled turnarounds. And as gas production from Oman's Block 62 continues to rise towards full production levels. Domestically, we expect production to be flattish with the first quarter levels or about 307,000 BOE per day. Second quarter should also see production in Permian Resources similar to the first quarter, despite the slowdown in activity. We expect production in Permian Resources to decline modestly during the second half of 2016. Variability around the outcome will be a function of well performance, capturing further efficiency gains and our ability to continue to manage base production. Permian EOR volume should remain relatively steady at about 145,000 BOE per day, while also providing stable cash flow. Our DD&A expense for Oil and Gas is still expected to be approximately $15 per BOE during 2016. And depreciation of the Oil and Gas segment is expected to exceed this year's capital investment by more than $1 billion. The combined appreciation for the Chemical and Midstream segment should be approximately $670 million for the year. Exploration expense is estimated to be about $25 million pre-tax for the second quarter. Price changes at current global prices affect our annual operating cash flow by about $100 million for every dollar per barrel change in WTI. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic natural gas prices affects annual operating cash flow by about $50 million. Our Midstream operations has exposure to two separate and different lines of businesses. The results of our Oil and Gas marketing and gas processing businesses are inherently volatile and sensitive to changes in commodity prices and price differentials. Conversely, our pipeline and transportation operations and partial ownership interest of the Plains All American GP provide a stream of more stable and predictable income and cash flow. With regard to our marketing business we have supply commitments and takeaway capacity to handle our Permian and equity production volumes in addition to third party volumes. The downturn in oil prices has slowed production growth in the Permian, creating a situation of overbuilt infrastructure, where takeaway capacity exceeds production. Price differentials between the Permian and Gulf Coast have shrunk to levels that do not fully cover our cost of transportation. A gradual improvement in oil prices should incentivize production growth in the Permian Basin. And we expect price differentials to widen, as production fills some of the excess takeaway capacity over time. Our domestic gas processing business supports domestic upstream production. Margins in this business have suffered, as NGL prices have dropped significantly. The recent quarterly losses incurred in the Midstream business are a direct result of these factors. In Chemicals we anticipate pre-tax earnings of about $100 million for the second quarter. The expected sequential decline in income is due to planned maintenance outages at several of our chloro-vinyl plants during the quarter. While price support for chloro-vinyls has been lackluster so far this year, the combination of both scheduled and unscheduled industry outages are expected to tighten market conditions for both vinyls and caustic soda into the second half of this year. The worldwide effective tax rate on our core income was 29% for the first quarter of 2016. Using current strip prices for Oil and Gas, we expect 2016 domestic tax rate to be about 36%, and our international tax rate to be about 76%. Turning to our overall costs. Total spend per barrel, as Vicki mentioned, was added as a new internal performance metric last year, because of OXY's increased focus on operational efficiency, especially in consideration of the sharp decline in commodity prices. This metric is defined as the total cost per BOE of production and includes capital spending, cash operating costs, and G&A costs. A portion of senior management's incentive compensation is directly aligned with this performance metric, as it focuses our efforts on efficiency, financial returns, and free cash flow generation. This efficiency metric is designed to help manage the reduction in overall spending, while rewarding production growth. During 2015 we were successful in reducing our total spend per BOE by more than 30% compared to the prior year to approximately $40 per BOE. A reduction in our total spend per BOE of similar proportion is also targeted for 2016. I'll now turn the call over to Jody Elliott, who will discuss activity around our Permian operations.
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Today I'll review the highlights of our Permian Resources and Permian EOR results in the first quarter, provide guidance on our program for the remainder of the year. As Vicki highlighted previously with regard to capital priorities, due to the current oil price environment, our focus has been to prudently allocate capital to our Permian Basin businesses. With this in mind our Permian Resources operation is being managed to maximize the value of our workforce and enhance operational capabilities, invest in areas with existing infrastructure, and gather critical appraisal information to drive better well productivity. In Permian EOR we've proportionally increased the capital allocated to this long lived business to expand CO2 injection capacity and facilities and to bring forward the resource potential. We continue to invest heavily in the application of geoscience and data analytics into our development strategy to ensure we are competitively positioned to take advantage of a sustained improvement in commodity prices. Turning to Permian Resources. In the first quarter we achieved record daily production of 128,000 BOE per day, a 31% increase versus the prior year. Oil production increased to 84,000 barrels per day, an 11% increase from the previous quarter and a 35% increase from a year ago. Additionally, we have leveraged and extended our industry leading practices from our EOR business to drive improvements in base management in order to minimize decline. Our Delaware Basin well performance continues to be strong. We placed 15 horizontal wells on production in the Wolfcamp A benches in the first quarter. We continued to increase well productivity by increasing contact with a reservoir near the wellbore, utilizing higher cluster density, higher proppant loads, and drilling longer laterals. For example, the Vanguard 3 number 15-H achieved a peak rate of 2,099 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,308 BOE per day. The HB Morrison B 13H, with a 10,000-foot lateral, achieved a peak rate of 2,335 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,781 BOE per day. Our successful efforts of applying geologic and reservoir parameters into our completion design continues to drive breakthroughs in well productivity and will reduce the economic hurdle point of our inventory. In the Delaware Basin our Wolfcamp A 4,500-foot well cost decreased by about 18% from the 2015 cost of $7.7 million to a current cost of $6.3 million. We reduced our drilling time by 6 days from the 2015 average of 25 days to 19 days, measured by rig release to rig release. We expect the cost and productivity improvements in drilling, completions, and facilities to continue as we progress our program. In New Mexico we are delivering play-leading wells by applying our understanding of geologic and reservoir parameters into our completion design. We are enthusiastic about superior reservoir quality and multi-bench potential in this play. During the first quarter we placed six horizontal wells on production in the Second Bone Spring in New Mexico. One of our best well results to date, the Second Bone Spring Cedar Canyon 23 Federal 5H produced a peak rate of 2,820 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,879 BOE per day at an 82% oil cut. We increased proppant from 1,000 pounds to 1,500 pounds per foot and trialed two wells with 2,000 pounds per foot. This has resulted in greater contact with the reservoir closer to the wellbore, as compared to the prior completion design. As a result of these advancements in our completion design, the last four Cedar Canyon wells put on production have achieved 90-day cumulative production totals, approximately double the prior results. We'll continue to leverage our geo-driven analytics to identify advancements in completion design. And we'll test more aggressive cluster spacing, more clusters per stage, and slick water fluid systems in the second half of 2016. Drilling and completion costs continue to improve in New Mexico as well, reducing costs per lateral foot by over 20%, resulting in a current completed well cost, including hookup, of $5.9 million. We expect continued improvement and efficiency gains and have targeted well cost of $5.5 million for our 4,500-foot Second Bone Spring wells in the second half of 2016. In the East Midland Basin we brought the Shields 3105 1WA well online in the first quarter at a peak rate of 1,606 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,395 BOE per day. We also brought online the Polo 1605A at a peak rate of 1,265 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,018 BOE per day. Both wells are producing with high oil cuts. In the Midland Basin we made similar improvements in well cost and drilling days in drilling the Wolfcamp A formation. We reduced the cost of these 7,500-foot horizontal wells by 14% from the 2015 cost of $7.1 million to a current cost of $6.1 million. We reduced our drilling days as measured by rig release to rig release by 16% from 19 days in 2015 to 16 days in the first quarter. In Permian Resources we're continuing to lower field operating expenses through optimized water handling, lower work over expenses, and better down hole performance. Since the first quarter of 2015, we've reduced our operating costs per barrel by 33% and continue to work additional cost reduction and efficiency improvements. We'll maintain flexibility to ramp up our rig activity in the fourth quarter of 2016 and full year 2017, should prices exhibit fundamental stability above the current strip prices. In Permian EOR we continue to lower our drilling cost and manage the operations to run our gas processing facilities at full capacity. With resilient base production and low capital requirements, Permian EOR continues to generate free cash flow at low product prices. Drilling costs are running 25% below our benchmark target, and we've lowered our cash operating expenses by 21%, driven mainly by lower downhole maintenance and injectant costs. Phase 1 of CO2 injection at South Hobbs continues to perform well. Additionally, the initial implementation of the residual oil zone, or ROZ, projects are underway at South Hobbs and West Seminole. The ROZ development is a vertical expansion of the CO2 flooded interval. This activity is economic in a low price environment, because we typically utilize work over rigs to drill the extra depth into the CO2 floodable sections of the reservoir. The residual oil zone underlies most of our major EOR properties and can be developed between $3 and $7 a barrel. In summary, we're focusing our resources to achieve four core goals: Accelerate geo-science, characterization, and modeling programs to enhance recovery, productivity, and field economic returns; minimize base decline and set up major growth programs in both resources and EOR businesses; focus on game changing technologies and applications; and accelerate continued improvements in both execution and cost. We expect to run between four to five rigs in our Permian business over the remainder of the year. If we do see evidence of sustained price recovery with improved fundamentals, we could gradually add rigs at a modest pace to ensure our gains and efficiencies are preserved. Our technical staff and engineers will focus on long term projects, enhance base production, and prepare full field development plans to ramp up activity when oil prices recover. We're taking appropriate steps to preserve the efficiency gains achieved and are well positioned for growth as prices recover. Thank you. And I'll now hand it back to Chris Degner.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jody. And, Emily, we'd now like to open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. And congratulations, Vicki, on officially assuming the CEO role.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: To start, Vicki, as new CEO, any general strategic thoughts on how you see Oxy's portfolio changing over time? Or through an ultimate upcycle? I know the portfolio was in the middle of a restructuring when the commodity market began falling apart. And should we expect that strategy reasserts in a recovery? Or what are your thoughts there?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we've almost done all that we wanted to do with our portfolio optimization. The main thing that we wanted to do was to exit those areas that were not core for us, where we didn't really have a competitive advantage and therefore were going to have a really hard time truly adding value at the rate and the delivery that Permian Resources and the Permian EOR can give us. So we  the remaining area that we are now that's non-core that we will be continuing to reduce our exposure to will be in Bahrain. Libya, where we've stopped all investment there. So now we're down to the core areas of Abu Dhabi, Oman, and Qatar in the Middle East, Colombia in South America, the Permian in the U.S. along with South Texas. So we view the Permian, Colombia, and the three areas in the Middle East to still have opportunities for us to continue to grow. And we're going to try to restrict our activities to just those areas, because the one thing that we think will make us better and where we can continue to get better is to focus. And again to focus in areas where we have a competitive advantage. And we believe that we do in all those areas. So our growth opportunities in the future will be focused on just those areas, with a priority being given to the Permian Basin. Because of our size, our exposure there, we feel like that's where we get the most value for the dollars that we invest. So we would prioritize the Permian as a growth strategy.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. That makes sense. And I know the Permian delivered strong results in the quarter. I know on the last call you'd mentioned the Permian Resources, 20% in future growth. And maybe you can elaborate that, given the performance and your opening comments on where you'd add capital? And where that mix and where that rig count can optimally go in an upcycle? I know you're used four rigs here, which is under your 24 peak. And I mean you even had ambitions to go higher at that point. So just any thoughts on how that mix changes in your ultimate rig redeployment strategy?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I'll talk first about the 20% that I mentioned. Really the 20% that I'd mentioned in terms of what we expect ultimately our Resources business to contribute to total production. That comment was driven by the fact that we were really excited about our EOR business, and the fact that our teams over the past year-and-a-half have been working on ways to expand our capacity there, so that we could actually accelerate some of our development. We have about 1.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent remaining reserves and potential in EOR. And we want to  at our current pace of development that would take about 22 years. So we really wanted to accelerate that. But when we looked at cases where we would need to build a new massive mega plant to do that, it really didn't add the value that met our hurdles. So what our teams have done now is they've actually found ways to expand our existing infrastructure for a much lower cost. So we're really excited about being able to over the next 3 years to 5 years start to accelerate EOR. And the good thing about that is our EOR business has just a 4% decline. So we think that combining it with the continued growth from our Resources should get us to a point where we can manage the overall base decline of the company to a point where we can better weather these down cycles that are always going to occur at points as we go forward. So right now we  what we would do in the short term, though, as we're waiting for our facilities expansion in EOR, is any improvements in oil prices to a level that's sufficient to enable us to be able to ramp up, that activity would go first to Resources. So for example, this year we have about $500 million committed capital that will come off next year. And so we expect next year that we would shift that $500 million, most of that, to Permian Resources to continue the growth that we had started there. In terms of rigs, it's hard to estimate what our rig count would be because our teams are continuing to improve their efficiencies, they're continuing to reduce the days required to drill per well. So we would look at it more from a targeted production sample. And then Jody and his team would have to figure out what number of rigs that would require. And based on the productivity of the wells and the improved efficiencies, I think they want to go through another couple of quarters to get an idea of how much better that's getting before they put any estimates together. But we're really encouraged by what we're seeing.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. And I'm assuming Steve is listening in somewhere, so we wish him well. And, Vicki, congratulations.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I have a follow-up actually to Evan's question on CO2. And it goes back to an announcement at the beginning of the year that you had been awarded the Pinon Field in the West Texas Overthrust from SandRidge, and all the facilities went along with that. Well, I seem to recall that then essentially gives you a CO2 source. And I'm wondering how that fits into the CO2 strategy as it relates to potentially additional capacity? So I wonder if you could speak to that first? Then I have a follow up please.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We  as you said we just got that. We haven't had it very long. But our teams are already starting to work there and to see potential there. When SandRidge was developing it, they were developing it more for the hydrocarbons. Our teams are looking more  at it more from a standpoint of looking for CO2. And they're  so they're seeing some opportunities for us to increase our delivery through Century Plant for CO2. So that's going to help us going forward. Now that for us is not something that we absolutely have to have to begin our acceleration. But it does help. And it could help to lower our cost. So that will play a part in our strategy.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Perhaps a related question. Vicki, you continue to show this lovely bubble map with all your CO2 competitors. And of course there's been a lot of chatter about whether M&A could be a factor there. So any additional thoughts you could give us on how this  the acquisition opportunity to look in that part of the business? And I do have one final one, if I may please?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. We  as I said Permian will be our highest priority in terms of looking for growth potential and for acquisitions of assets. As other companies are still in the process of streamlining their portfolios, we're hoping that there will be properties that come available, assets that they may decide that are no longer core to them. We're staying abreast of that. And we're actually  we are proactively talking to other companies, some not on the list that you see on the slide. Some are companies that may have just water flood opportunities that we can expand into for future CO2 development. But we're certainly interested in both EOR assets, as well as resources. But the problem with the resources assets currently is that the prices are still very high for those.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. And my final one if I may. I think this might be for Chris. A couple of  a couple quarters ago you gave us a slide showing the cash burn in the non-core assets, the stuff that basically you're trying to exit. I think it was at $100 oil. I wonder if you could you share with us what that cash burn associated with those was at the  in the first quarter? And I'll leave it there. Thanks
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It really wasn't much, Doug, because to some extent we  or to a large extent we really exited most of those areas. So the cash burn that we had seen was really for the most part over with. And through the fourth quarter there may have been a little bit in the way of working capital. If you want to call it sort of $100 million more or less, as we continue to look at exiting scenarios internationally. But by and large it's largely through. I'd point out too that the only thing left really in terms of the difference between what we've defined as sort of core  non-core or core and not the ongoing operations at this point is really the Bahrain assets or operations. So that's really it. And so I think we're most of the way through
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Chris, does that explain the DD&A drop on the Middle East as well?
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, that's part of it. And also the uplift or continued ramp at Al Hosn.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Our next question is from Philip Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: The first question is just on the Permian Resources and just the overall volume outlook for the year. If I look at what you achieved in 1Q on the core piece, and then your guidance for 2Q, that's running  at the midpoint you're running at about 597,000 BOE per day. So it's already toward the upper end of the full year outlook. So just wondering maybe what moving pieces we should think about in the back half? And I guess in particular Permian Resources, how you might think about at the current prices what the exit rate would be there in the fourth quarter?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Again getting back to what I said earlier, we're seeing better productivity from our wells. And we're particularly excited about the New Mexico wells. So we're really reluctant at this point to give a forecast. And Jody and his team would like to have at least one more quarter to see how that development will progress to determine not only what we expect Q3 and Q4 to look like. But also whether or not he might add another rig. Jody? You might have some more comments on that?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: Yeah, Vicki. I think the other thing that we want to see is the effect of our base management programs. We're having some really good success there with pump maintenance, with surveillance activities, re-completions. And that's providing some uplift as well. So we want to see all those play out before kind of committing to the back half
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Sure. Okay. And I guess there was a comment in the slides about the development and resources focusing on fields with existing infrastructure. So I was just curious is there a point at which you think you might need to add some chunky infrastructure spend in resources that could come up against a constraint?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: At this point we've got a pretty good inventory in those areas with the infrastructure that meet a pretty low price hurdle. So we'll have some infrastructure, but not the really big stuff in the near term.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. My last question is just on Midstream. Obviously you highlighted the multiple elements of what's been hampering that business for the past few quarters. I guess if you look out in a more normalized world  I know I asked this of Steve a couple quarters ago  but I mean what do you think, Vicki, is the kind of true earnings power of this business in terms of just higher level or maybe the sub-component? So any color you could provide?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's in a normal world  and that would be one where we would expect to see production increasing in the Permian and NGL and gas prices recovering to some degree  we would expect to see in the neighborhood of $100 million to $200 million income at least from the Midstream business.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. I wanted to come back to the Bone Springs. I mean obviously you've got a big acreage position there. So the improvement there obviously has a big impact on your resource base. So maybe just a bit of additional color around whether this is a particular geological sweet spot? Or whether you think the results you've seen extend across a large portion of your acreage?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: Yeah. Thanks, Ed. I think we see this extending across a good portion of that acreage. It's not just in that Cedar Canyon area that we've showed some highlights on. We're really encouraged with New Mexico.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And in terms of stack pay potential outside of the Bone Springs?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: Multiple benches. And again that's going to be a function of where you are. Some benches are better and some geographic areas. But at least two and in some cases upwards of four.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then a different trajectory just on costs. Obviously costs are very low today. And that's helping everyone in the industry. As the industry starts to get back to work, costs may start to inflate. Any thoughts about trying to lock in some of these sort of lower margins for longer  very low cost structures, I should say.
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: Yeah. Good question, Ed. Trying to predict the time where that supply/demand balance occurs is a little bit like trying to predict oil prices. Today there's a pretty good excessive capacity in the market. But having said that a significant portion of our improvements are due to things like design changes, technology improvements, utilizing some proprietary things such as Oxy Drilling Dynamics. We've invented some special stabilizers and drilling. Integrated planning, manufacturing mode, all those things are really driving the portion of  the big portion of our cost improvements. And those are sustainable. We've maintained our workforce. So when we ramp back up we won't have to access high cost consultants to run rigs and run frac cores. And we've recently made an alignment change with our supply chain organization, where they've been integrated into operations as part of our integrated planning teams. And so the result of that is we've got better alignment of our commercial and our technical strategies to the actual value drivers in each one of those programs. And that lets us drive productivity, utilization, logistics improvements. And that takes cost out of the system, not only for us but for our suppliers. And so in most cases price is important, but it's not the needle mover. So but we are in conversations with our strategic suppliers to determine ways we can better align our operations, drive out combined system costs, and focus on goals where we've got common success. And given our scale in the Permian, we're getting pretty considerable interest. So we continue to make immediate improvements to cash flow and cost. We're proactively taking actions to mitigate against inflation in a higher WTI environment. I mean at the end of the day we'll be ready
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then, sorry, small one. Just on the EURs in the Bone Springs, any update?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: Again we take a pretty measured approach to updating our EURs in our inventory. We want to see more production, better understand GOR modeling. And so with a little bit more time we'll update our EURs. But we are really encouraged by the results we're seeing with kind of generation two, generation three, not only frac designs but our modeling efforts. We would expect those to help across the board
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Sorry, I did get pulled away briefly, so I apologize if this was asked. But as you think about increasing spending, increasing the rig count, what oil price and what magnitude should we think about in either of those categories?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, what I'd say about that is we really don't have a set price at which we would increase. We want to see some sustainable improvement with prices. And we want to make sure that the fundamentals support prices. I know a lot of people are saying that around $50 they would start to ramp up. We have a very deep inventory in both resources and the EOR business that would generate really good returns at $50. We're pretty committed to staying at the $3 billion capital range for this year. But Jody and his team in the Permian business are looking at opportunities to ramp up in those areas where they've already started development. And we're prepared to do it when prices do recover. But we would expect that to be maybe adding a rig toward the end of this year. And then ramping up at some point next year again, if prices look like they're going to be in a range that's sustainable.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And kind of following up I think originally on Evan's question about the portfolio. And again I apologize. I did get pulled away. But the  you've done the disposition side. A few more things you might do. Acquisition wise, you've talked a lot here about opportunities in Southeast New Mexico and all that. Are there other areas you want to expand your footprint in within the Permian Basin?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We're looking at all areas within the Permian Basin. We're  for Resources we would look in Delaware [Basin], Midland Basin, Central Basin Platform. We'd also look in some of those same areas, particularly Central Basin Platform and parts of the Midland Basin for EOR opportunities. So we're definitely looking around the Permian.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And just a final follow-up on that. We've heard obviously prices in the Permian have stayed stronger than most other regions. Any movement? I mean does anything look more affordable today? Or as you think about maybe a more sustained $50 to $60 oil price environment, are there things that look more attractive than maybe they have over the last several quarters?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we look at the long view of things. So the issue has not been with us in terms of what we would be willing to go out and do from a pricing standpoint, because we  especially around EOR assets, those are assets that produce 50 years, 60 years, 70 years. So we're taking a long view on looking at acquisition opportunities with both EOR assets and Resources. The issue has been with some of the sellers who seem to believe that prices were going to really spike back up to $80, $90, $100. And it seems now that both the outlook for prices is starting to come closer together between the buyers and the sellers. But not quite on the Resources side, where we think it ought to be.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. I guess we can all dream about $80 to $90 oil, even if we don't see it.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons. Please go ahead.
Guy A. Baber IV - Simmons & Company: Thanks for taking my question. Vicki, Oxy has not made the head count reductions that many of your peers have made. Can you talk about that decision and the internal capability that you're maintaining? And then in your prepared comments you noted that the workforce is focused on initiatives that could have a step function improvement on your performance. Can you just elaborate on those comments? The value you can create and how you retain capability to respond when higher activity levels might be necessary? And does that differentiate Oxy from peers in your mind?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that what we've done with our staff has definitely differentiated us from our competition. And I think it's a contrarian view to how one should manage through a cycle like this. What we've done is we made the commitment to our employees that we were going to keep our staffing level. We did have just a voluntary separation program at the beginning, where some of our later career people who had family issues and needs to go and to leave the company. We allowed some people to leave. But we were selective in terms of trying to make sure that we lost no capability internally. And so those people that did leave had in most cases done a great job of training and mentoring people to take their place. So what we've ended up with is a very capable workforce that has the skills and experience necessary in the mid-career to later career experiences. But also some early career people who have done just a phenomenal job of helping us through this down cycle. Because what we did is to try to ensure that we were reducing cost, we took some of our early career people, sent them to the field. They replaced contractors in both our production operations, our well servicing, and our drilling activities. And so they were replacing contractors who had been doing these jobs for a number of years, had a lot of experience. And our early career people went out there, learned it quickly. And because of the way they view things and their fresh approach to asking questions and looking at things differently, we expected them to go out there mostly to learn. But they actually went out there to learn, they added value, they improved logistics, and improved efficiencies. And not only was it a cost reduction from the elimination of contractors, but it was actually an improvement, because they did a fabulous job to improve efficiencies and to think about how to do things differently. Our field staff on the other hand, what they did is they got really aggressive and proactive with mentoring these early career people. And so the combination of both our experienced staff and our earlier career staff working together, they have really added value. And that's part of the reason that our efficiencies are improving. We're seeing these cost reductions in the field. We have to attribute that to both the early career and the mentors out in the field. In addition to that, what we're doing is we know that to be successful for the long haul with an industry that has changed now  and the industry that we're facing today has reservoirs that are tougher to develop, costlier. And really a world that's more complex than it used to be. So what we feel like is we've got to get to the absolute lowest possible cost structure to ensure that we have sufficient margins in a wider price range than what we've worked in in the past. And so to do that we feel like you can't do business as usual. You really have to take a different approach to how you're looking at cost structure reductions. And so we've got teams that are working on things that are further out. Some of which I can't talk about right now. But they're looking at how do we change the cost structure of 2018, 2019? What we have to do now to do that? And so they're working on the longer view. And these are some of the people that were deployed to these project groups from the drilling and completion operations since we had the major reduction in that activity. What we've found is by giving our staff more time to become more strategic and innovative, they're delivering value. So we not only have a commitment from our management to keep our staff, our staff has more than paid for that decision by their delivery and their performance. And they're continuing to exceed our expectations. Every time it seems that we set targets for them, they exceed it, because they're not  they recognize that we've made the commitment. So they've already also made the commitment. And they're just  they've been phenomenal. And our staff is very, very engaged. And I believe we'll come through this cycle with a much more committed, loyal, and highly skilled workforce that will be well prepared for any kind of ramp up that we'll see over the next couple years.
Guy A. Baber IV - Simmons & Company: That's very helpful, Vicki. And then my follow-up is when we think about growth for Oxy, we obviously typically think about Permian Resources, now EOR over time. But do you have any update to share or any new thoughts around whether you're becoming more optimistic on the potential for growth opportunities around your core Middle East operations? And any update on over what timeframe those opportunities might materialize? And I'm thinking of potential opportunities in the UAE or elsewhere for example.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I would say while we very much value our operations in Oman and Qatar, we also  I've been very impressed with the UAE, especially the leadership in Abu Dhabi. And they're very progressive. And we enjoy doing business there. We've had success with a couple of companies there, Mubadala when we developed the Dolphin Project. And now ADNOC in the Al Hosn Project. We've seen that our team partners very well with both of those companies. And both of those projects were highly successful. Now I'm going to let Sandy talk about a project that we just entered into an agreement a year ago or so to look at some offshore fields there. This is also a project I'm really excited about. And before I hand it to Sandy to talk about that, I would say in Oman, Block 62, we've just brought on some gas production there, which also is another growth opportunity for us there. So we still believe there are opportunities to grow in the Middle East. I'll hand it over to Sandy.
Edward A. Lowe - President, Oil and Gas, International: Thank you, Vicki. We are  we've entered into an agreement with ADNOC on the Hail and Ghasha fields. These are fields that have been producing oil for some time. And they have had the gas discoveries, some going back 40 years. So we've worked up an appraisal program for a number of fields. And there's been a few additional fields thrown in, called the Dalma fields to determine just what and when we should be developing. Make a recommendation to the state as to how they can both increase their available gas supply, but also further develop some of the hydrocarbons that have not yet been developed, other liquids included. We've just amended that agreement to add a partner of  the Austrian state oil company, who we've partnered with in many places. So there's a pretty robust team working appraisal and engineering development. One other area of more immediate growth is that we recently  Vicki went to the region to participate in the inauguration of the Al Hosn facilities. And it appears that we are well along the way to getting an agreement to expand the Al Hosn plant. Engineering is underway. And we're having further discussions later this month to determine just on what schedule and how we would do that. So those are the good areas of growth, both medium term and long term.
Guy A. Baber IV - Simmons & Company: Thanks, Sandy. Very helpful.
Operator: This concludes our question...
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Sandy, and  operator?
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Chris Degner for any closing remarks.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Emily. I know everyone has a very busy day with earnings. And appreciate taking the time to join our conference call. Happy Cinco de Mayo.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas Edward A. Lowe - President, Oil and Gas, International
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Degner, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Carrie. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's fourth quarter 2015 conference call. On the call with us today are Steve Chazen, Oxy's President and CEO; Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Operating Officer; Jody Elliott, President of Oxy Domestic Oil & Gas; Sandy Lowe, President of Oxy Oil & Gas International; and Chris Stavros, Chief Financial Officer. In just a moment I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our fourth quarter 2015 earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules, our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon everyone. Despite sharp declines in product prices, we had a strong year of production growth, particularly in Permian Resources. And we made big strides in lowering our cost structure as well as executing our strategic review. I'd like to share highlights of our 2015 achievements. First, Permian Resources growth exceeded our expectations as we reached our 2016 growth target of 120,000 BOE per day. This was a year ahead of our original plan. We increased production by 35,000 BOE per day for a year-over-year growth rate of 47%. Al Hosn reached full production capacity and delivered an average of 35,000 BOE per day of production last year. In total we grew our production by 81,000 BOE per day, which was approximately 14% higher than 2014. We reduced our cash operating cost by 14%, achieved SG&A sayings of 16% and cut our average drilling and completion costs in Permian Resources by 33%. As a part of our strategic review that we launched at the end of 2013, we sold our Williston Basin properties and made significant progress in our effort to exit non-core areas in the Middle East including Iraq and Yemen, while also reducing our exposure in Bahrain. This will lead to lower capital spending in the region. Construction of the OxyChem ethylene cracker joint venture is on schedule and on budget for start up in early 2017. We reached a settlement with the Republic of Ecuador for approximately $1 billion of which we've collected $300 million and expect to receive the remaining proceeds in the coming months. And we exited 2015 with $4.4 billion of cash on our balance sheet. Now I'd like to reiterate our strategy and cash flow priorities. I want to emphasize these have not changed. Our overall strategy is to invest in projects that generate long-term value, achieving returns well above our cost of capital while maintaining a conservative balance sheet. Our assets in Colombia, ISND in Qatar, Block 9 in Oman, Permian EOR, Dolphin and OxyChem provide significant earnings, require relatively low maintenance capital and provide free cash flow in this low price environment. Our most recent addition to this list is our Al Hosn gas project which is a 30 year joint venture with ADNOC in Abu Dhabi. And the role of our Permian Resources business, the role it will play in our strategy is to provide quick production growth as needed to support our cash flow. Our top priority for use of cash flow is and always will be the safety and maintenance of our operations. Our second priority will continue to be funding the dividend. Third is allocating capital to our growth projects. The next priority for any remaining cash would be for potential asset acquisitions and/or share repurchases as opportunities arise. Commodity businesses are inherently volatile. We maintain a strong balance sheet to not only survive but to take advantage of potential opportunities. We'll invest our capital prudently and maintain a flexible program as we maneuver through this low price cycle. As I mentioned earlier, we made great progress last year on lowering our operating and SG&A costs. We plan to further reduce these costs during 2016 and expect that the financial impact of executing on initiatives from our strategic review will be evident through lower costs in capital in the coming months. In terms of our capital program for this year, our plan is to carefully reduce our activity levels without harming the strong progress we've made with our growth prospects. We'll fund only those opportunities that exceed our rate of return hurdles. Our 2016 capital program is expected to range from $2.8 billion to $3 billion. This represents a nearly 50% reduction compared to the $5.6 billion spent during 2015. This capital plan should approximate our expected cash from operations at current commodity prices. The majority of this year's spending program will be allocated to the Permian Basin and to completing long-term projects in our chemicals and midstream businesses. Our capital run rate is expected to be higher during the first quarter and falling in subsequent quarters as committed project capital winds down. In Permian Resources, our drilling activity will be highly focused on areas in both the Midland and Delaware basins where we have existing infrastructure, allowing us to achieve higher returns. Our level of activity will help preserve efficiency gains achieved over the past year. In Permian EOR, we'll take advantage of reduced cost for labor and materials to modify and expand existing facilities to increase our capacity to handle and inject greater quantities of CO2. This will enable us to implement additional CO2 projects. These projects will have longer duration and a typical production response time of one to two years. This will result in a modest increase in capital for our EOR business versus last year. Chris will provide greater detail on this year's capital program in a few moments. Despite the reduction in capital spending, we expect overall company production from our core assets to grow 2% to 4% on average compared to 2015. Our core assets are pro forma for the expected divestments in areas we plan to exit, including the Piceance Basin, Iraq, Yemen and Libya along with lower exposure in Bahrain. The full year contribution of production from Al Hosn and the startup of Block 62 in Oman should add approximately 35,000 BOE per day of production this year. Overall, domestic production is anticipated to decline slightly through the year, primarily due to the declining natural gas and NGL volumes caused by the curtailment of drilling activity in our gas assets in late 2014. We expect a modest increase in production from Permian Resources versus last year and will hold our Permian EOR production flat. Turning to our oil and gas reserves, the good news is that we managed to keep our proved producing reserves essentially flat in 2015 due to our development programs and improved recovery from some of our Permian Resources wells. We continued to see strong performance from our Permian Resources drilling program, which enabled us to replace 214% of our Resources production, excluding net sales and revisions. Our development programs added 149 million BOE of proved reserves. Our year-end 2015 proved reserves totaled 2.2 billion BOE consisting of 79% proved developed reserves, up from 71% proved development reserves at the end of 2014. Our liquids reserves comprise 74% of our total proved reserve base. In summary, while the macro environment remains challenging for the industry, we delivered strong production growth during 2015. We lowered our cost structure and continued to execute on our strategic review. Although we expect commodity prices to gradually recover, we've set our plan to be more aligned with a lower price environment. We're fortunate to have a great set of assets with the relatively low base decline rates that provide us with enormous flexibility for our capital. We believe our continued focus on returns, improved cost structure and strong balance sheet provide us with the opportunity to emerge from the current cycle as a stronger company relative to our peers. I'll now turn the call to Chris Stavros for a review of our financial results and further details on this year's capital program.
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Vicki, and good morning everyone. As Vicki indicated, we continue to have three main objectives over the long term: generate rates of return on invested capital that are well above our cost of capital, sustainability and growth of our dividend and moderate volume growth of the business. With regard to returns, we need to strike a balance between managing our capital within the very low commodity price environment and also ensuring that our business is properly positioned for a recovery. We don't believe that a depleting or shrinking business over the long haul can maintain high rates of return and part of our model is to balance the need for growth and the safety and sustainability of the business while maintaining attractive returns. Our focus is generating attractive returns and making investments through the cycle in long term assets that provide us with stable cash flow to see us through during weaker periods. Despite the low price environment, we've been able to realign our business to focus on our core areas, reduce our overall cost structure through capital efficiencies, lower our total operating costs and SG&A, while significantly increasing production in our Permian Resources operations. In the Middle East/North Africa, the Al Hosn gas project was brought to full capacity by mid-year and we also moved forward with exiting some of our non-core assets in the region and eliminating the capital associated with those businesses. In terms of our capital spending, we adjusted our program last year in response to the sharp decline in product prices, with our full-year 2015 expenditures coming in at $5.6 billion, a 36% reduction from the prior year. Despite this reduction in our spending, we grew our total oil and gas production volumes by 14% from last year. As we look into 2016, we remain focused on allocating our capital where we have the best returns, including winding down our capital commitments for longer-term projects. We estimate our 2016 total capital program to be between $2.8 billion to $3 billion and no higher than $3 billion. This year's capital budget represents a nearly 50% reduction in our overall spending compared to last year and only a third of what we spent in 2014. The oil and gas segment is expected to comprise approximately two thirds of our overall spending this year compared to nearly 80% last year. We expect the majority of our total 2016 spending will be allocated to our domestic oil and gas business, primarily in the Permian Basin, with roughly 21% to be spent in Permian Resources and about 17% going towards Permian EOR. We expect this year's spending in our international oil and gas operations to be about half the level of outlays seen in 2015. Capital allocated toward our Middle East/North Africa oil and gas business is expected to be roughly 21% of total spending, with the majority going towards Oman. The year-over-year decline of about 56% in the Middle East is partly the result of our exit from several countries and our plan to run a more focused business, targeting our core areas. The remaining third of this year's overall capital spending is expected to be split nearly equally between our chemical and midstream businesses, of which $500 million of the total is capital committed for projects that we expect to be completed by the end of 2016. Turning to our results, our core financial results for the final quarter of 2015 were a loss of $129 million or $0.17 per diluted share, a decrease from both the year-ago quarter and also the third quarter of 2015. The decline in core results is nearly all attributable to weaker commodity prices. Reported results for GAAP purposes for the fourth quarter were a loss of $5.2 billion or $6.78 per diluted share. The reported results include $5.4 billion of net after-tax charges mostly related to asset impairments. Oxy follows a successful-efforts method of accounting where we review our proved oil and gas properties for indications of impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the oil and gas properties may not be adequately recovered such as when there's a significant drop in the futures curve. During the course of the year, the carrying value of our operations in the Middle East/North Africa was reduced by $4.5 billion, with $3 billion of this taken in the fourth quarter. This action was due to a combination of our exit from non-core areas and the reduction of our exposure to unprofitable projects in the region in an effort to focus the business on improving profitability. Impairments of our domestic properties amounted to $2.2 billion for all of 2015 and approximately $870 million for the fourth quarter. Almost half of the total year impairments in the US were due to the exit of non-core assets in the Williston and Piceance basins. The other half related to the reduction in the futures price curve as well as management's decision not to pursue activity associated with certain non-producing acreage. In addition, we took a charge of $520 million in the fourth quarter associated with our Century gas processing plant as a result of SandRidge's inability to provide volumes to the plant and in order to meet their contractual obligations to deliver CO2. Oil and gas core after-tax results for the fourth quarter of 2015 were a loss of $189 million and down $206 million on a sequential quarterly basis. For the fourth quarter of 2015, total company oil and gas production volumes from ongoing operations averaged 671,000 BOE per day, 75,000 BOE per day higher compared to the prior year period and essentially flat with third quarter volumes. This excludes production from the Williston assets for all periods. Our fourth quarter 2015 worldwide realized oil price of $38.68 per barrel fell by $9.10 a barrel or 19% compared to third quarter realizations of $47.78 a barrel and down 46% compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. Domestic oil production was 190,000 barrels per day during the fourth quarter, a sequential quarterly increase of 2,000 barrels per day and an increase of 19,000 barrels per day from the year ago period. Production in our Permian Resources business grew to 118,000 BOE per day during the fourth quarter, up 40% from the prior year. Volumes were also able to grow sequentially despite weather-related outages. Oil and gas cash operating costs were $9.95 per BOE for the fourth quarter of 2015 and $11.57 per BOE for the total year 2015 compared to $13.50 per BOE for the prior year. The reduction in costs was seen in both our domestic and international operations and reflects decreased activity in downhole maintenance and a lower overall cost structure. The DD&A for full year 2015 was under $16 per BOE compared to $17 per BOE seen during 2014. Taxes other than on income which are directly related to product prices were $1.32 per BOE for the 12 months of 2015 compared to $2.45 per BOE in the prior year. Fourth quarter exploration expense was $13 million. Chemicals fourth quarter 2015 pre-tax core earnings were $116 million compared with third quarter earnings of $174 million and $160 million in the year-ago quarter. The sequential quarterly decrease primarily reflected weaker chlorovinyls demand and lower PVC prices, which negatively impacted margins. This was partially offset by higher caustic soda prices and lower energy costs. Midstream pre-tax core results were a loss of $45 million for the fourth quarter of 2015 compared to income of $31 million in the third quarter. The sequential decline in the fourth quarter was mainly attributable to lower oil marketing and power generation margins. The marketing results continue to reflect lower margins due to narrowing of the Midland and Gulf Coast differentials as the increase in oil supply lowered premiums in the Gulf Coast. The power generation business reflected lower seasonal spark spreads and higher maintenance costs in the fourth quarter. Looking at our 12 months cash flow for 2015, we generated $4.8 billion of cash flow from continuing operations before working capital. Work capital changes was a use of $880 million, the majority of which occurred during the first half of the year. Capital expenditures for 2015 were $5.6 billion, a 36% decline from the $8.7 billion we spent in 2014. We've received over $700 million of net proceeds from activity associated with asset divestitures and acquisitions which included fourth quarter proceeds of approximately $600 million for our Williston assets. In the second quarter we completed a bond offering, issuing senior notes for which we received net proceeds of roughly $1.5 billion. We indicated at the time of the offering that the proceeds would be used to partially pre-fund some of our debt maturing in the first half of 2016. Earlier this week, we used cash on hand to retire $700 million of our senior notes that had matured. We returned $2.9 billion of cash to our shareholders by paying $2.3 billion in dividends and repurchasing 7.4 million of our shares for approximately $600 million. Our long-term debt to capitalization was 22% at year-end. The worldwide effective tax rate on our core income was 29% for the fourth quarter of 2015 and 86% for the total year. Looking into 2016 and as we show on slide 23 in the handout, we started the year with $4.4 billion of cash. During the fourth quarter, at $42 WTI we generated operating cash flow before working capital of approximately $900 million or roughly $3.6 billion on annualized basis. Every $1 change in the oil price impacts our cash flow by about $100 million annually. We expect to receive an additional $900 million of cash this year from our settlement with Ecuador of which we have collected $300 million to date and approximately $300 million of proceeds from asset sales during this quarter. Earlier this week, S&P reaffirmed our single A credit rating along with a stable outlook. Turning to our oil and gas production for purposes of year to year comparison in terms of providing guidance for 2016, volumes are pro forma and exclude assets with either already or plan-to-divest or exit from this year. These assets would include Williston and Piceance in the US and Iraq, Yemen, Bahrain and Libya in the Middle East/North Africa. On this same store sales basis, we expect our full year 2016 production to grow 2% to 4% or in the range of 570,000 to 585,000 BOE per day compared to about 560,000 BOE per day last year. In the US, we have ceased all gas drilling activity and will focus our capital in the Permian in an effort to grow our oil volumes and as justified by attractive returns. We expect our total domestic oil and gas production to be in the range of 270,000 to 285,000 BOE per day in 2016, which includes oil production growth of about 4% and partly offset by modest declines in gas production. More than two thirds of our domestic production volumes are expected to be oil. Production in Permian Resources is expected to average 123,000 BOE per day during the first half of 2016, an increase of 8% compared to the same period last year. Permian EOR volume should remain relatively flat at about 145,000 BOE per day while providing stable cash flow. In our core international areas in the Middle East and Colombia, we expect production to increase to roughly 300,000 BOE per day this year compared to 268,000 BOE per day in 2015 as a result of a full year's contribution from Al Hosn as well as the startup of gas production from Block 62 in Oman. In terms of production for the first quarter on a reported basis and unadjusted for pending divestments or exits, we expect our total production to be in the range of 620,000 to 630,000 BOE per day. Permian Resources volumes should increase about 3,000 BOE per day sequentially to 121,000 BOE per day. Production in the Middle East is expected to be negatively impacted in the quarter by about 15,000 BOE per day due to scheduled maintenance turnarounds at both Dolphin and Al Hosn. Our DD&A expense for oil and gas is expected to be approximately $15 per BOE during 2016. The combined depreciation for the chemical and midstream segments should be approximately $675 million for the year. Cash operating costs for the domestic oil and gas business should be about $13 per BOE during 2016, about $1 per BOE lower than last year's level for our ongoing operations. Exploration expense for the year is estimated to be about $75 million pre-tax with $25 million of that anticipated in the first quarter. The realignment of our business helped us make strong progress in lowering our SG&A costs last year by more than $200 million. In the current environment, we expect to reduce these cost by at least another $100 million into 2016. Price changes at current global prices affect our annual operating cash flow by about $100 million for every $1 per barrel change in WTI. A swing of $0.50 per MMBTUs in domestic natural gas prices affects annual operating cash flow by about $40 million. We expect our first quarter 2016 pre-tax chemical earnings to be about $140 million. Our chemical operations are essentially a margin business and so while our costs may decline as a result of lower energy prices, prices for the chemical products we sell continue to be driven by demand. Using current strip prices for oil and gas, we expect our 2016 domestic tax rate to be at 36% and our international tax rate to be about 55%. I'll now turn the call over to Jody Elliott who will discuss activity around our Permian operations.
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: Thank you, Chris. Today I'll review 2015 highlights from Permian Resources and Permian EOR and provide guidance on our program for 2016. 2015 was a very successful year. Permian Resources achieved our 2016 growth target ahead of schedule by reaching 120,000 BOE per day in November. We achieved this milestone by leveraging our advancements in geoscience, reservoir characterization and integrated planning to deliver better wells in less than half the time and at two thirds of the costs versus 2014. Throughout 2015, we reduced our OpEx costs by over 20% by improving field reliability, productivity and optimizing our surface and subsurface engineering. Our Permian EOR segment generated free cash flow in a low price environment and had its best safety metrics of all time. Turning to Permian Resources, in the fourth quarter we achieved record production of 118,000 BOE per day, a 40% increase versus the prior year. Oil production increased to 76,000 barrels per day, a 2% increase from the previous quarter and a 49% increase from a year ago. Winter storms at the end of December impacted total quarter production by approximately 1,300 BOE per day. For the full year, the business achieved production of 110,000 BOE per day, a 47% increase versus the prior year. Permian Resources continues to drive down capital cost through improved execution and drilling and well completions and reduced time to market. For each of our core development areas, we continue to monitor both our early time well performance and cumulative production to ensure our development approach is providing maximum value. In addition to improving individual well performance, we optimized field development value through pace, well sequencing, flowback designs to reduce cleanouts and fluid handling costs, artificial lift designs to maximize long-term production, and facility plans to ensure maximum utilization over time. Our Delaware Basin well performance continues to be strong. We placed 19 horizontal wells on production in the Wolfcamp A benches in the fourth quarter. We continue to increase well performance by optimizing the density of our completions and proppant loads and drilling longer laterals. For example, the Priest E 1H well achieved a peak rate of 1,659 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,247 BOE per day. The HB Morrison B 12H achieved a peak rate of 1,487 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,176 BOE per day. In New Mexico, we're delivering more productive wells by increasing our proppant concentration and reducing cluster spacing. For example, the second Bone Spring Cedar Canyon 27 #6 produced at a peak rate of 2,498 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,750 BOE per day at an 82% oil cut. In the Delaware Basin, our Wolfcamp A 4,500-foot well cost decreased by about 45% from the 2014 cost of $10.9 million to a current cost of $6.2 million. We reduced our drilling time by 26 days from the 2014 average of 43 days to 17 days. In our new area of the Midland Basin, we brought the Adams 4231 Wolfcamp A online in the fourth quarter at a peak rate of 2,167 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,841 BOE per day. We also brought online the Merchant 1409A well at a peak rate of 1,345 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,132 BOE per day. Both wells are producing at over 80% oil cut. In the Midland Basin, we made similar improvements in well costs and drilling days in the Wolfcamp A formation. We reduced these costs of the 7,500-foot horizontal wells by 35% from the 2014 cost of $9.2 million to a current cost of $6 million. We reduced our drilling days by 63% from 46 days in 2014 to 17 days in the fourth quarter of 2015. Across Permian Resources we're continuing to lower field operating expenses through optimized water handling, lower workover expenses and better downhole performance. Since the fourth quarter of 2014, we've reduced our operating cost per barrel by 26% and expect this trend to continue this year. In our Permian EOR segment we continue to lower our drilling costs and manage the operations to run our gas processing facilities at full capacity. With resilient base production and low capital requirements, the EOR business continues to generate free cash flow at low product prices. We've lowered our cash operating expenses by 21%, driven mainly by lower downhole maintenance and injectant costs. Phase 1 of CO2 injection at South Hobbs has continued and we have a production response sooner than expected. We expect Phase 1 production to peak in 2020. We expect Phase 1 and Phase 2 to develop 28 million BOE at just over $10 per BOE. Additionally, we've started a pilot project in South Hobbs testing the residual oil zone. It has the potential to add about 80 million barrels of reserves. These residual oil zone reserves can be added between $3 and $7 per barrel of development costs. Given the current oil price, we will focus investment to achieve four goals: accelerate geoscience characterization and modeling programs to enhance recovery, well performance and field economic returns; minimize base decline and set up major growth programs in both Resources and EOR; focus on game-changing technologies and applications; and accelerate continued improvement in both execution and cost. One of the key drivers of our gains in well performance has been integrating our technical understanding of the subsurface to optimize well completions. Slide 41 illustrates our inventory of Permian Resources well locations by breakeven prices. By improving both well cost and performance, we continue to make more inventory economically viable in a low cost environment. For example, we transferred about 700 locations from above the $60 per barrel hurdle to under $60 per barrel. Furthermore, we moved 350 locations under the $40 per barrel hurdle. We expect to continue lowering the hurdle point on our inventory as we move forward. With current oil prices, our activity in 2016 will focus on core locations that require minimal infrastructure investments. In addition, we will gather high priority appraisal data to support future development and initiate seed projects for long term growth in EOR. Over the first half of this year, we will reduce our rig count to between two and four drilling rigs in the Permian. Our technical staff and engineers will focus on long-term projects enhancing base production, preparing full field development plans to ramp up activity when oil prices recover. We're taking appropriate steps to preserve the efficiency gains achieved and are well positioned for growth as prices recover. I'll now turn the call back to Chris Degner.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jody. We'll now open it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. My first question is, one of your key or primary peers, they cut their dividend today two thirds after repeated defenses. I know your balance sheet is superior yet the macro has changed that underpins their decision. Can you discuss how you perceive your dividend sustainability through this cycle, and are there leverage levels or other metrics that would result in a change in your current priorities?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Yes, Evan, to begin I'd like to refer you to slide 23. What we've done really is planned our programs over the next few years to  based on actually the strip prices. Although we actually believe that prices ultimately will be higher than the strip, we don't expect prices to really recover much until very late this year or maybe early next year and recover only to slightly above the curve. But based on the cash that we have on hand and what we project our situation will be over the next few years, we do expect to be able to make it through this cycle and get back to reasonable oil prices and secure our dividend throughout this entire process. We're organizing our plans and our activities around that. And the good thing about our portfolio is we have the flexibility to ramp up and down as necessary to ensure that we meet our priorities. And as we said, the top priority is just the maintenance and safety of our operations and then we're going to pay the dividend and we've got the cash to do that. And generally, the way we look at it is we can use our cash flow from operations to cover our capital programs and part of our dividends over some of the years. And then what can't be covered by our cash flow from operations, we'll certainly use the strength of our balance sheet to cover that. So we don't see a threat to our dividend going through this cycle.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. I have a related follow-up. The irony of a downturn I think is opportunities, maybe the best when liquidity is the lowest. And so any commentary that you have on the asset market and whether your views of the macro raise the hurdle for acquisition or change your views on what's potentially attractive. Such for instance, say a more longer lived, longer cycle resource versus a shorter cycle shale resource?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Yeah, I'd say that we never want to get away from what we truly are as a company and that's what I stated in here, is that we're very much a, on the oil and gas side of the business, an EOR type company and a company that looks for the longer life reserves like Al Hosn that provide cash flow. That would be like Al Hosn and Dolphin. So what we'll be looking at is are the assets that have the longer life reserves. We're very proud of our shale position and we think that the work we've done over the last few years has certainly proved it up to be an asset that we want to take full advantage of. But currently our shale production is less than 20% of our total company production. And we don't really want it to ever be much higher than that because we feel like to have the asset base we have, that's part of the reason we'll be able to make it through this cycle with our current low declines. So that's sort of asset we'll be looking for.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good morning everybody. Good morning, Vicki.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Good morning.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Vicki, I wonder if I could follow up on Evan a little bit there. I'm looking at slide 7 which is the kind of classic slide you put up about the priority for the use of cash. You've talked about optimism in a rebound in oil prices but you still have growth capital ranked higher than share buybacks and acquisitions. And I guess my question is, you've kind of missed an opportunity here with the separation of California Resources to reduce your dividend burden by buying in your stock which was the original plan. Obviously, extenuating circumstances, but in the event of a rebound in oil prices, why does growth capital still rank above reducing the dividend burden? And I've got a follow-up please.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Let me point out, I'm very happy that we did not buy back shares. The $6 billion is going to really be part of what helps get us through this cycle. And so I think we're fortunate to have the cash that we on the balance sheet now and that's really what's protecting, helping to protect the dividend. But I would view the last two items on the list, the share repurchases and acquisitions to be right now, although we show one above the other, those we view as equally important. And what we're going to look for is the opportunities that arise through this cycle. We're not going to immediately go out and buy, repurchase shares, but what we want to do is look at how the cycle evolves over the next quarters, maybe even next year and a half or so, and look for opportunities and before we commit to share repurchases. But I would view those as right now both on the same level of priority. And Chris, do you have anything to add?
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Doug, I'll just follow up on what Vicki said. I think what she said is right. I think in addition to that, we're going to have to look at it on a return basis and clearly the goal over time will be to reduce the share count as it will help us fund the dividend and fund growth of the dividend over time. So I do still view, we still view share repurchases as important over time and a reduction of the share base over time. So we'll look at opportunities opportunistically to go ahead and do that. And it's just going to sort of depend on where things are, vis-a-vis the stock price and other opportunities that may come up for capital.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate the answer, Chris. My follow-up is also referencing the slide deck on slide 41. You're showing the economics of your drilling backlog at different oil prices. I guess my question is that it would seem that a lot of companies are looking to drill their very, very best assets in the worst commodity environment. So I'm just curious as to why does that make sense if you're so optimistic on the recovery? Because obviously the offset, the alternative would be to allow production to decline but would also imply you're preserving value which I think one of your competitors talked about the other day and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: I'll start that but then let Jody add onto it. We actually were fortunate to be in the process of some development programs in key areas where we were kind of into a manufacturing mode. We already have the infrastructure installed. And so that's what's making our current program so economical and what we feel like is the right thing to continue to develop during this cycle. And Jody can add to that.
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: Yeah, building on Vicki's comment there, this is some of our best areas but we really are leveraging more than just the best rock. It's the infrastructure that we've already invested in. There's good rock in all of those tranches of inventory. It's just the maturity of our development plans in some of those areas aren't quite as far along, so we would not develop those until we get those development plans further matured. And that's one of the focus areas we had this year is to move more of that inventory to the left side of that chart.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate the answer. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes. Good morning. Just again a follow-on I think to your answer about the types of assets in shale. So from that I'm taking that you're more interested in some of the long-lived assets. Maybe give a little bit of color as to where you think these opportunities may lie.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: One of the things that we'd like to continue to consider is adding to our position in Permian EOR. We have the infrastructure there that really can't be duplicated by any other companies. We've got the 12 gas processing plants, 1,900 miles of pipeline and operate two CO2 source fields. So we have the infrastructure in place to continue expansion of our EOR operations in the Permian. And that would be for us one of our higher priorities. In addition, we see opportunities in Colombia to continue our work there. We this past year signed an agreement to develop another couple of water floods there. We think that's going be a good opportunity for us going forward. And in addition, in our three core areas in the Middle East, those are the kind of opportunities that we would continue to look for.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, and then a totally separate question. At the back of the deck, you've got that great chart on  I should find the slide  on slide 41 that Doug mentioned about the inventory. Obviously there's a big flip between $50 and $60. And then if you look at the colors of the bars, you've got a lot of Bone Spring acreage, Spraberry and then the Wolfcamp B. Maybe just, and this is based on 4Q costs, hopefully those are the ones that you identified, that $6 million in the Wolfcamp and $6 million in East Midland. What are the biggest levers you think about taking that inventory that works at $60 down to $50?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: I think one of the biggest levers is multi-bench development, ensuring that the field development plans allow us to economically develop more than one good bench at a time. And so that's part of the redeployment effort of our technical staff to figure out multi-bench to drive better utilization of our infrastructure costs in those areas. That will be the biggest thing to move them to the left.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I mean you mentioned reduced cluster spacing in some of those Bone Springs wells. I mean is there a lot more technology that you can still apply?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: I think there is.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Good to know. I'll keep in touch.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Good morning.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: The first question is just on the guidance. There's obviously a lot of moving pieces here on the production side. But, Chris, just with respect to the 1Q, the 620,000 to 630,000, I believe you said that that would exclude the asset sales, the domestic asset sales, but it does not have anything contemplated in there for the Middle East asset exits. So I wanted to clarify that, and then just generally ask how that's going and how you would expect that 72,000 barrels a day of non-core Middle East to roll off as the year progresses.
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. Thanks Phil. On the guidance, just to make it comparable for you to reconcile it, I mean the way I would think about it is that you've got the Piceance in the US that we'll exit or it would be sold and close this quarter. So that will come out of the system. And then there is production in there for Bahrain as well. So combined, I would tell you that it probably amounts to about 50,000 to 60,000 BOE per day on a like-for-like basis, that to adjust for sort of our ongoing core production for the guidance that I gave for the full year of 2016. So that would be the reconciliation.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then just as you think about more broadly all of the Middle East assets, how do you see that progressing through this year?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Currently we're continuing with our operations in Bahrain, and we are working with our partners there to lower our exposure. But in Iraq we're progressing with the terms of the exit according to our contract terms. So we should be winding down in Iraq and that's going to be transferred to one of the national oil companies. So we will be out of there by we're hoping mid-year. Yemen, that's pretty much our contracts have expired and we're reducing our exposure in the one area that we currently have and expect to be able to exit that by mid-year as well. So everything is progressing. In Libya we're not quite to the point where we have been able to develop a specific exit strategy and specific steps because of the uncertainties around that process with the government, but we have stopped our capital investment in Libya and we're only spending the funds necessary to maintain the operation safely.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. And then, Chris, my follow up is just on the balance sheet, understanding the willingness to protect the dividend. Is there a level of debt, whether it's debt to cap or debt to EBITDA? Oxy's always been fairly conservative on the balance sheet and for good reason. Just wondering if there's a level where you get less comfortable.
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well whatever that level is, we don't plan to take it there. So that's one of the reasons that we maintain a strong balance sheet, that it allows us to pay the dividend and not be overly concerned about it. And I think our view is that we sort of take a measure of offense on this and sort of view ourselves as competitively advantaged as an investment vehicle within the sector. So you keep a strong balance sheet with low debt because you're a dividend payer and having a lot of debt as a company in this sector, just the two don't mix. So that's sort of how we view it.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe if I could follow up a little bit on the capital outlook over the next couple years. You highlight $500 million of committed capital in 2016 that will roll off by year-end 2016. Is there any offset to this that's set to ramp into 2017? Or should we expect, on an apples-to-apples budget, does the budget roll by $500 million into 2017? And would this likely be  would you likely fill that gap with accelerated activity in the US onshore?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Really in 2017 our only committed capital is the $100 million, and so we do expect the $500 million to be reduced to $100 million. And the rest of our capital program will be based on what we see with respect to oil prices. But nothing committed other than the $100 million and the maintenance capital that we'll need to allocate.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And I guess maybe as one follow up to that, you're going to two to four rigs in the Permian you said for the second half of the year. Can you talk a little bit  and I guess at a high level you've provided us in the past with what you felt was kind of a maintenance CapEx number for yourself. Do you have an updated view on what your maintenance CapEx is generally as an overall business in terms of holding production flat, and maybe a similar number to what you think you need either from a rig or a spend level to keep Permian Resources flat?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Permian Resources is a challenge because our teams keep improving so much there. The efficiency gains they've made over the last couple of years has just been incredible. And Jody and I were talking about that this morning, and the reason we gave the range of two to four is we used to think that it would take more than four rigs to offset our decline. But we're certainly convinced now that with the efficiency gains we're having and particularly the way that Jody and his team are starting to develop the fields, we think it could be less than that. Jody, I'll let you provide some additional color on that.
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: No, that's clearly correct, Vicki. Every day our teams amaze us with new drilling records, new production records. So predicting that exact rig count to keep production flat kind of changes month to month.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: But I guess is roughly the goal to size your activity levels from the middle of this year to kind of hold the Permian Resources flat? Is that roughly what you're trying to target?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: That level would probably  flat to slightly increasing.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Good morning.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Guess I'd like to probably go down the path some of the other guys have as well. On the thinking about the drilling efficiencies and following up on the answer to the last question, two to four rigs maybe allows you to stay flat. Is it a function of more above ground, below ground or a combination of the two that's driving this? And I'm thinking of the slide 33 where you show drilling days and best is still significantly better than average. And then the comments earlier about the  I think it was specifically the benches, being able to develop those as a way to get the cost down. What's the way we should think about it maybe for 2016 and then beyond 2016?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: It's really about all the things you mentioned. It's drilling performance. It's well completion performance. I think the biggest gains we've had this year is the integration of our subsurface understanding into that execution activity as well, keeping wells in zone, keeping them in the sweet spot, engineering frac designs differently, optimizing cluster spacing, optimizing sand concentrations. All those things I think lead us to being able to do more with less, not just drilling days and drilling cost.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And then as you think out beyond this year, what do you think gives you the greatest upside potential? Not just the bench that you mentioned earlier, is there anything else we should think about?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: I mentioned multi-bench. I think that's one. I think the other is really optimizing infrastructure, both our internal infrastructure and working with others to take advantage of infrastructure in the two different basins.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And just my follow-up, unrelated. Al Hosn, I was wondering if we can get a little more of an update on just how that's performing relative to your expectations. The turnaround coming in Q1, I assume, is a normal part of the startup process. And maybe how we should think about it latter part of this year on forward.
Edward A. Lowe - President, Oil and Gas, International: Yeah, this is Sandy Lowe. We're in the warranty shutdown, which is common for all these projects. And we had produced over nameplate for several weeks before the shutdown. We expect the year to give us slightly over nameplate as an average, after the shutdown of course. And it's performing very well.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning everybody. Again going back to the efficiencies, you said fairly clearly that it was reliability, productivity, optimization. Can you first try and strip out how much of the performance improvement has simply been lower oil prices and how much is organic, and sustainable? And secondly, could you highlight or contrast how you're differentiated from others in the Permian in any of those themes? Thanks a lot.
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: I think the majority of that improvement is organic. We've gotten price improvements and we worked that part of the equation hard. But most of it is boots on the ground, engineering geoscience work, time to market improvement, integrated project planning, all those things internally which gives me high confidence that it's sustainable going forward.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Right. And you think it can continue as well, I think you've said. You've talked about returns that are relatively low, what seems to be a fairly low view of the oil price for the rest of the year and beyond, even. Can you talk about what you think the breakeven price is for you guys for your returns in the Permian? And I'm aware that you've got both EOR, which is presumably a different answer from the unconventional. And then could you  I'll stop going on  but could you then also talk about how you compare to other companies in your view? Thanks.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: First of all, Paul, I'd like to address the comparison to other companies. One of the things that we've been able to do in the Permian versus others is we've been there for a long, long time. So we've got a lot more data than other companies and we're doing more with that data. We have a lot of 3D seismic. We have, in addition to the 3D seismic, we have more than 20,000 wells from which we have data. So, and we have 4,400 outside operated wells. And I know you've heard all those numbers from me before, but we're really taking that data and taking it to the next level. We have a team that works with our resources team. And our resources team, I just have to say is incredibly efficient in what they've been able to do and to drive the drilling costs down, the completion optimization and all the things that Jody's talked about, they've done a great job. It's just been incredible. But in addition to that, the team supporting them from a downhole science standpoint is our exploitation team which takes all that data that we get from every well. And we utilize every bit of data we can, not only applying data analytics to it but taking a lot more data than the other people have access to. I think we still have the only horizontal core in the Permian. We're doing much more modeling around geomodeling and learning more about the thermal maturity and the migration of the hydrocarbons. So I think that's really helped here recently to make a big difference in the improvement of the resources wells.
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: And I think to build on Vicki's comments, we recently held what we called a cost stand-down day where we took the entire company and stopped and said let's get creative. Let's get innovative on how we improve our business. We focused on SG&A. We focused on capital costs. We focused on operating expense. We focused on development opportunities and there's literally thousands of ideas that we have vetted and are currently vetting and that gives me even more confidence that we can move that hurdle breakeven lower for a number of these areas.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: And what is the hurdle breakevens on a full cycle, make your returns appropriate for Oxy basis?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: The returns for the Permian EOR business, we have for Permian EOR a cash cost right now that's less than $20 and our DD&A is less than $10. We're continuing to drive that down. Expect that to go lower this year. So in our Permian EOR business, currently we can flex that around a bit by developing some of these ROZ developments which Jody mentioned in his presentation. Some of those developments get down as low as $3 on the F&D side. So we have a range of opportunities in the Permian EOR business that we can develop. Some of the ROZ developments that go down to an F&D of $3, those are fairly limited in size. So what we always try to do is blend the bigger projects that maybe have the $8 or $9 or $10 F&D with the smaller projects to get a blend of all of those. And on the Resources side, certainly our costs have been coming down there. The operating cost is down much lower than it was. The DD&A for our Resources business currently is higher because of the infrastructure that you always install up front. But the F&D costs, development costs on a per BOE basis is coming down. To tell you a number of where that's going to be, I think I'd hate to prematurely forecast something that I'm sure the teams are about to beat, but we're continuing to lower our costs in Resources.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Just to press, can you give me a range at least?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: On the Resources side?
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, I mean it's just really interesting to everyone because obviously we see it as the marginal, arguably the marginal cost of oil.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Yeah the Resources side I would say that we're in the total cash cost range of about $13 to $14. And we're working when we get our full development costs in line, our DD&A on the Resources side will be in the $10 range.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you very much.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thank you.
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Basically you've got positive cash margins here at the strip for the Permian Resources and EOR for sure, Paul. I mean that's the way I would think about it.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Appreciate that. Thanks all of you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Herrlin of Socit Gnrale. Please go ahead.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks. Getting back to slide 41, will you make more of a push towards the Delaware given the relative economics of plays like the Bone Spring? And specifically for the sub $40 type inventory you highlighted, could you give me a better sense and maybe this is redundant, but could you give me a better sense of the split between the formation itself, the well design and also the infrastructure? Because obviously you're stressing the integrated nature of your approach, but certainly good rock matters. But I was wondering about how important your well design changes have been to lower that threshold?
Jody Elliott - President, Domestic Oil and Gas: Yeah. John, that's a great question. We're really encouraged by the recent results with upsizing our fracs in the Bone Spring in New Mexico. But when you look at field development maturity and our infrastructure maturity, the Wolfbone has just got a jump start on that over on the Texas side. So early in the year, we'll be in the Wolfbone where we can take advantage of that infrastructure and as we get the field development plans matured in the Bone Spring area, incorporate more of the appraisal data that we've captured over this last year to ensure that we're as efficient as possible when we do put the rig back in New Mexico.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay. That's fine. Last one from me is you sold a lot of reserves during the year, about 600 million barrels. I was wondering if you could break them down geographically what you sold.
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, the Bakken reserves were very small. I mean at the end of the day, I mean we didn't sell. These are sort of, I mean that we took down the PUDs basically in the domestic part of the business.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. We would like to turn the call back over to Chris Degner for any closing remarks.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you. And I'll turn the call over to Vicki for some closing remarks.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: I just wanted to say I don't think we fully answered Paul's question. So to get back to that, in the EOR business with our cash costs and our DD&A of around $24 to $25, and then the Resources business, our cash costs and DD&A in the neighborhood of $22 to $23. That's basically about half of the price we're seeing on the strip, as Chris had said. Generally that delivers for us of about a 50% rate of return. So I just wanted to close with that.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Vicki, and thanks to everyone for participating on the call. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Edward A. Lowe - Vice President and President, Oil and Gas International Production
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Timothy A. Rezvan - CRT Capital Group LLC Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jason D. Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd. John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Degner. Please go ahead.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Emily. Good morning everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's third quarter 2015 conference call. On the call with us today are Steve Chazen, Oxy's President and Chief Executive Officer; Vicki Hollub, Senior Executive Vice President of Occidental and President, Oxy Oil and Gas; Sandy Lowe, Executive Vice President and President of Oxy Oil and Gas International; and Chris Stavros, Chief Financial Officer. In just a moment I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our third quarter 2015 earnings press release, the investor relations supplemental schedules, our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub. Vicki, please go ahead.
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: Thank you, Chris. Good morning everyone. Despite the current environmental of low and volatile product prices, our Oil and Gas segment has been operating well in all of our core assets. Our third quarter average daily production increased to 689,000 BOE per day from last year's 595,000 BOE per day, an increase of 16%. Our core assets continue to drive production growth with an increase of 39,000 BOE per day from Permian Resources and 50,000 BOE per day from Al Hosn, which reached full capacity in September. We expect Al Hosn to produce 60,000 BOE per day in the fourth quarter. Our capital and operating costs have continued to decline as we've focused our development program and curtailed activity where current product prices do not support further investment. We continue to make progress to optimize our portfolio as a part of the company's strategic review to focus on our core assets in the Permian Basin and the Middle East. We're selling our assets in the Williston Basin and continue to evaluate our positions in non-core assets in the Middle East with the objective of minimizing our activity and exposure. Construction of the ethylene cracker has progressed well and is on schedule to start up in early 2017. Our principal goal this year is to adjust our business to the current environment of low commodity prices. We're targeting our operating cash flow to cover our dividend and capital investment at realized oil prices of $60 per barrel while continuing to grow our production. We'll achieve this goal through deploying our capital and operating cost savings and to further production and cash flow growth driven mostly by our Permian Resources business unit and the start-up of Al Hosn. While we don't believe current price levels are sustainable over the long term, we've taken aggressive actions to manage the business for a downturn that may last longer than market participants expect. During the boom period from 2010 to 2014, the industry experienced substantial cost inflation. Royalties and government takes on new projects increased. Service prices, labor costs and overhead all increased as well. There's ample room for us to continue to lower our cost, which will enable us to return the business to profitability at lower prices. These adjustments may be difficult in the short term, but our discipline on reducing costs will lead to a healthier business over the long term. Through our separation of California Resources in 2014, we reduced our annual G&A budget from $1.8 billion to $1.5 billion as we moved the corporate headquarters to Houston. Over the course of this year and into 2016, we expect to see continued reductions in our corporate overhead with a more focused company and will reduce our total G&A spending to about $1.2 billion in 2016. Two years ago we began working on strategic initiatives to focus our company and improve its profitability. We've continued to make progress on those initiatives. We reached an agreement to divest our Williston Basin assets and expect the transaction to close in the fourth quarter. Due to our curtailed spending in the basin and the nature of unconventional assets, our production declined about 25% quarter over quarter when annualized. We expected the production to continue to decline given our limited capital investments in the basin. Over the past several years, our efforts at appraising and delineating our acreage in the Permian have provided a large inventory of future development locations that are economic at oil prices under $60 a barrel. With ample takeaway capacity and an extensive midstream business of gathering lines, storage and gas processing, our economies of scale and deep inventory in the Permian Basin make it our top priority for capital allocation for the foreseeable future. Simply put, acreage in North Dakota, whether it's tier one, tier two or tier three cannot compete with our position in the Permian. We continue to pursue strategies to minimize our activities and exposure in our non-core operations in the Middle East and North Africa, which include Bahrain, Iraq, Libya and Yemen. As a result of these actions, we took impairment charges in the third quarter for our positions in Iraq and Libya. We will comply with our contract terms as we reduced our exposure through negotiations with our partners and host governments and expect capital investments to decline in 2016. These actions will improve the profitability and cash flow of our Middle East business as we focus on our core assets in Abu Dhabi, Qatar and Oman. Our capital spending in the third quarter declined by about $300 million and will continue to decline. As we capture price savings from suppliers and improve the efficiency of our operations, we're able to do more with less spending. We expect to exit this year at a quarterly spending rate of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. If product prices remain at current levels, our 2016 capital program will be less than the current rate. We're in the midst of our annual budgeting process and we'll provide more detailed guidance on our 2016 program in January. Over the last few years, we've undertaken multiple long-term investments to drive cash flow and earnings growth. These projects include the Al Hosn gas project, the ethylene cracker joint venture, our export facilities in Ingleside and gas processing infrastructure in the Permian Basin. Capital spending on these investments declined by about $500 million in 2015. We expect these investments to decline by about $300 million in 2016 and $400 million in 2017 as the projects are completed. This decline in capital spending on committed projects gives us a lot of flexibility in setting our capital budget for 2016. Our Permian business continues to execute a focused development program on low cost wells with high oil content. Permian Resources continues to drive down capital cost through improved execution in drilling and well completions. Our production exceeded expectations due to reduced time to market and better than planned well performance. In the third quarter, Permian Resources achieved daily production of 116,000 BOE per day, a 6% increase from the second quarter and a 51% increase versus the prior year. Oil production increased to 74,000 barrels per day, a 4% increase from the previous quarter and a 72% increase from a year ago. In the fourth quarter we'll drill and complete about 50 horizontal wells. We're currently operating 12 rigs in the basin and evaluating our needs for our 2016 program. In the Delaware Basin, our Wolfcamp A 4,500 foot well costs decreased by about 45% from the 2014 cost of $10.9 million to a current cost of $6.3 million. We reduced our drilling time by 24 days from the 2014 average of 43 days to 19 days. We've lowered our completion cost per well and optimized the density of our clusters and proppant loads. We've used some of our cost savings to up-size our frac treatments to drive higher productivity. Our well performance continues to be strong. We placed 21 wells, horizontal wells, on production in the Wolfcamp A benches in the third quarter. The Leigh State 40-11H well achieved a peak rate of 1,790 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 1,528 BOE per day. Additionally, our Betty Lou 1013H well achieved a peak rate of 1,711 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 1,310 BOE per day. We drilled the Betty Lou horizontal well in only 15 days. Most of these wells produce around 80% oil. In the Midland Basin, we've made similar improvements in well cost and drilling days in our Wolfcamp A wells. We reduced the cost of these 7,500 foot horizontal wells by 30% from the 2014 cost of $9.2 million to a current cost of $6.6 million. We reduced our drilling days by more than 60% from 46 days in 2014 to 18 in the third quarter. In Big Spring, which is our new area of the Midland Basin, we brought the Young A 2124 well online in the third quarter at a peak rate of 1,611 BOE per day and 30 day rate at 1,237 BOE per day. We also brought online the Adams 4201 well at a peak rate of 1,698 BOE per day and 30 day rate of 1,495 BOE per day. Both wells are producing at about 90% oil. These Wolfcamp A well results have been outperforming our initial type curves for this emerging play in Howard County. We're continuing to lower our cost structure. Since the fourth quarter of 2014, we've reduced our operating cost per barrel by 18% and expect to make further progress in lowering our costs through the end of this year and into 2016. In our Permian EOR business, we continue to lower our drilling cost and manage the operations to run our gas processing facilities at full capacity. With a resilient base production and low capital requirements, the Permian EOR business continues to generate free cash flow at low product prices. In the third quarter we started Phase 1 of the CO2 injection at South Hobbs, where we expect to develop low cost oil production at about $10.60 per BOE. In closing, we delivered strong production growth from our core assets in the third quarter. We continued to execute on our strategic initiatives to focus our oil and gas business around our core assets in the Permian Basin and the Middle East. We'll continue to execute a focused development strategy in 2015, and we'll pursue additional step changes in well productivity and cost structure. Strong production growth from our Permian Resources business along with a high volume, a low capital intensive Permian EOR business keeps us well positioned to not only meet the challenges of this lower price environment but also to profitably grow our combined Permian businesses. Now I'll turn the call over to Chris Stavros.
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Vicki, and good morning everyone. Today I'll cover our third quarter results, discuss the actions we have taken that led to the non-core charges we took in the quarter, and close by providing some guidance on the remainder of the year while highlighting key initiatives that will improve the company's financial strength going forward. We generated core income of $24 million for the third quarter of 2015, resulting in diluted earnings per share of $0.03, a decrease from $0.21 a share in the second quarter of 2015 and compares to earnings of $1.34 per share in the third quarter of last year. Our net GAAP reported results for the third quarter were a loss of $2.6 billion or $3.42 per diluted share. Our third quarter reported results includes non-cash after-tax net charges of approximately $2.6 billion. Our quarterly core results were negatively impacted by lower worldwide oil and NGL prices, which fell by nearly $7 and $3.50 a barrel respectively in the third quarter of 2015 compared to the second quarter of this year. US natural gas prices improved slightly, up about $0.15 per Mcf from the second quarter. Our third quarter capital spending was about $1.2 billion, down 18% from the $1.5 billion in the second quarter and down 30% from first quarter levels. We continued to ramp down our capital program, focusing our development activity primarily in core areas of the Permian Basin, with the intent of curtailing or eliminating spending which is less competitive and imprudent in the current product price environment. Our heightened focus around capital spending is centered on growing our oil production volumes and more importantly our operating cash flow. Despite the reduction in this year's capital program, efficiency gains and our increased focus around our inventory of drilling opportunities continues to drive growth in oil volumes and cash flow at our Permian Resources operations. Permian Resources grew its oil production 72% in the third quarter, adding 31,000 barrels per day compared to the year-ago period with total production of 116,000 BOE per day, representing growth of 51%. Production from Permian Resources improved by 7,000 BOE per day sequentially, above our previous guidance. As I mentioned earlier, we took after-tax impairment and other non-cash charges of approximately $2.6 billion in the third quarter. Oxy follows the successful efforts method of accounting where we review our proved oil and gas properties for indications of impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the oil and gas properties may not be adequately recovered, such as when there's a significant drop in the futures price curve. As of September 30, the futures curve for product prices had declined sharply yet again and we recorded an after-tax impairment of $1.3 billion related to our domestic gas properties and our oil and gas assets in Libya. As Vicki mentioned, we continued to make progress in our efforts to optimize our portfolio. In the third quarter of 2015, we entered into an agreement to sell our Williston operations, which have been classified as held for sale and resulted in an after-tax impairment charge of approximately $500 million. The sale is expected to close later this quarter, and we expect to receive net proceeds equivalent to approximately eight times free cash flow after acquired capital for facilities and safety. Additionally, and as part of our effort to focus our capital on opportunities that generate higher financial returns, we intend to minimize our capital allocated to non-core areas. As a result, we recorded an after-tax non-cash charge of $760 million for operations in Iraq. We expect to continue oil liftings out of the country in the fourth quarter. Our exit from these non-core areas will create a more focused domestic oil and gas organization and mitigate our exposure to areas we deem as having higher political risk. In addition, we expect our capital spending levels to decline and our financial returns to improve as we generate savings from associated overhead reductions that have yet to be captured. As slide 21 shows, for the first nine months of 2015, our operations in combined Williston, Iraq and Libya had total production of 45,000 BOE per day and generated an aggregate cash flow after capital deficit of approximately $260 million with Brent oil prices of about $56 a barrel. For the full year of 2014, when Brent prices averaged about $100 a barrel, these assets had an even greater cash flow after capital deficit of $340 million. Some of this free cash flow savings could be redirected to our higher return core operations in the Permian Basin. Turning to specific business segments. Oil and Gas after tax earnings for the third quarter 2015 were $17 million, about $90 million lower than the second quarter of 2015 and $880 million lower than last year's third quarter. Almost all of the impact of the change in year-over-year earnings is due to lower product prices. For the third quarter, total company oil and gas production volumes averaged 689,000 BOE per day, an increase of 31,000 BOE in daily production from the second quarter and 94,000 BOE per day from last year's third quarter. Total company oil volumes were 436,000 barrels per day in the third quarter, 54,000 barrels per day higher than the year-ago period for an increase of 14%. Total domestic oil and gas production averaged 332,000 BOE per day during the third quarter of 2015, about flat sequentially and 17,000 BOE higher on a year-over-year basis with all of the increase coming from Permian Resources. The increase from Permian Resources was partially offset by lower production from our Midcontinent natural gas assets where we have ceased drilling activity. Domestic oil production was 204,000 barrels per day during the third quarter of 2015, about flat with the second quarter and up 22,000 barrels per day or 12% from the year-ago period. We captured approximately 4,000 BOE per day of incremental NGLs and natural gas volumes in the third quarter due to the installation of compressors and gathering lines in the Delaware Basin. International oil and gas production volumes averaged 357,000 BOE per day during the third quarter, up 32,000 BOE per day sequentially, and 77,000 BOE per day on a year-over-year basis. Production from Al Hosn was 50,000 BOE per day in the third quarter, an increase of 32,000 BOE per day from the second quarter, and about 15,000 BOE per day above our guidance for the period. Al Hosn is currently running at full capacity, which is approximately 60,000 BOE per day. Our third quarter oil and gas cash operating costs of $11.15 per BOE declined 8% from the second quarter level of $12.10 per BOE due to higher production volumes, lower surface and downhole maintenance costs and lower energy costs. DD&A for the third quarter was $15.39 per BOE compared to $16.06 per BOE during the second quarter. Taxes other than on income which are directly related to product prices were $1.20 per BOE for the third quarter compared to $1.85 for the second quarter and $2.45 per BOE for the full year of 2014. Chemicals generated pre-tax core earnings of $174 million in the third quarter of 2015 versus $136 million in the second quarter and $140 million during the year ago period. The most recent quarter results were above our previous guidance and benefited from higher chlorovinyl production volumes, lower ethylene costs partially offset by lower vinyl sales prices. Midstream pre-tax core earnings were $31 million in the third quarter compared to $84 million in the second quarter of 2015 and $115 million for last year's third quarter. The most recent quarter results reflected lower marketing margins due to the narrowing of Midland and Gulf Coast differentials, and an increase in crude oil supply lowered premiums in the Gulf Coast. The lower marketing margins were partially offset by higher pipeline income from both domestic and foreign pipelines, and higher seasonal margins from power generation operations. Turning to our cash flow. Operating cash flow for the third quarter of 2015 was approximately $1 billion which was about $200 million higher than the second quarter. Higher oil and gas production volumes combined with better realized oil prices relative to benchmark prices positively impacted our operating cash flows during the third quarter. Working capital changes were minor during the third quarter as our drilling activity and capital spending stabilized from higher levels at the end of last year. We continued to ramp down our capital spending, with total company expenditures for the third quarter of 2015 of $1.2 billion, a sequential decline of $300 million from the second quarter. Total company capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2015 were $4.4 billion, which is running a little lower than our full year 2015 capital budget of $5.8 billion. Oil and Gas spent $3.6 billion during the first nine months of 2015 with Permian Resources expenditures comprising roughly half of the total Oil and Gas outlays, and the remaining $800 million of capital split nearly evenly between Chemicals and Midstream. We paid cash dividends of $1.7 billion during the first nine months of 2015. Continued growth in our operating cash flow combined with capital reductions and other cash cost savings should allow us to achieve our goal of being cash flow neutral after capital spending and dividends at oil prices of roughly $60 a barrel. Our cash balance at the end of third quarter was $4.3 billion and our long-term debt to capitalization ratio was 19% the end of the period. The worldwide effective tax rate on our core income was 90% for the third quarter of 2015. Beyond the efficiency improvements that have lowered our capital spending, we have also started to recognize the benefit of a reduction in our SG&A costs. Reducing our SG&A is an initiative we began working on ahead of the spinoff of our California assets and operations. Prior to the spin, our SG&A was at approximately $1.8 billion per year. Upon completion of the spinoff late last year, we had reduced our SG&A costs by about $300 million or roughly 17%. While our work force has come together and made a huge effort to reduce costs, we are still in the early stages of recognizing these benefits. During 2015 we expect to reduce our SG&A by another 10%, or roughly $150 million. We have taken a number of actions and will continue to pursue other initiatives that will serve to reduce our SG&A costs both this year and next, and is highlighted on Slide 30. We expect these initiatives to reduce our SG&A by at least another 10% and expect our total SG&A costs to decline to roughly $1.2 billion in 2016. This represents a one-third reduction in our total SG&A costs compared to levels before the California spin. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, domestically we expect production from Permian Resources to be about 118,000 BOE per day. Production has been a bit lumpier as we have increasingly moved to pad drilling and we expect total Permian Resources production to exit the year in excess of 120,000 BOE per day. Continued growth in the Permian combined with declines in our Midcontinent natural gas production and adjusting for the sale of the Williston assets should result in total US production between 310,000 BOE per day and 320,000 BOE per day. We expect our international production to be between 365,000 BOE per day and 375,000 BOE per day, depending on volumes from Iraq, and assume 60,000 BOE per day of production from Al Hosn. Price changes at current global prices affect our quarterly earnings before income taxes by $30 million per $1 per barrel change in oil prices, and $7 million for a $1 per barrel change in NGL prices. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices affects quarterly pre-tax earnings by about $15 million. Our fourth quarter 2015 exploration expense is anticipated to be about $20 million pre-tax. We expect our fourth quarter 2015 pre-tax Chemical earnings to be about $130 million. Our third quarter Midstream earnings will continue to be principally impacted by Midland to Gulf Coast oil price differentials which have narrowed since the third quarter, as well as weak NGL prices. We expect net cash proceeds from asset sales in the fourth quarter, which includes our assets in the Williston Basin, to be approximately $650 million. The worldwide effective tax rate on our core income was 90% for the third quarter of 2015. This rate reflects the mix of domestic source book losses and foreign-sourced income which is taxed at much higher relative rates. Simply put, you cannot utilize US tax losses to offset higher foreign taxes. Based on continued volatility in the mix of pre-tax income sources, we expect our full year 2015 domestic tax rate to be 36% and our international tax rates to remain at about 65%. To summarize, as we wind down the year, we remain financially strong and well positioned to weather the current low product price environment with $4.3 billion of cash on hand, roughly equal to our annualized capital outlays. We continue to grow our production volumes cost efficiently, and despite the decline in capital spending. We will continue our disciplined approach towards cost control, improving our capital efficiency, focusing and allocating our capital on only the highest return opportunities. Our capital spending run rate has been cut by more than half compared to year-ago levels and we expect to save at least $300 million as a result of initiatives to lower SG&A costs. I'll now hand the call back over to Chris Degner.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Chris. And Emily, could you please open up the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley please go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning guys. Your Permian Resources production again beat guidance. You're making progress on costs, efficiencies and you highlighted it as your top priority in your slides, but it's also one of the pieces your of portfolio where you can dial activity up and down. Can you talk about how you balance those factors when you're considering your 2016 Permian activity levels in the current environment?
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: Yes, Evan. As Chris said that our committed capital is coming down but we still do have some committed capital in 2016. So what we'll do is balance our Permian Resources business with the capital requirements elsewhere. As you know, we're trying to reduce our capital requirements in the Middle East and the reason for that is we would prefer to divert  to move capital to Permian Resources. But we do have the ability to swing it up and down. We're working on several scenarios that we could be ready to implement depending on what market prices are in 2016.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Let me follow up there. I mean, when you mention the potential in MENA (27:29) non-core asset sales, does that imply that the larger interest sell down remains back burnered? And on your G&A guidance, does that  that these announced assets are sold as well?
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: You're talking about the Middle East?
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, in the MENA. Sorry.
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: Currently we're looking at certainly exiting some of the non-core properties in the Middle East and ramping down activities in some of those areas that we're not going to exit. So that will certainly impact some of our SG&A cost. We expect those to go down as well as some of our operating cost. So that will be a benefit to us. And getting back to the resources question that you had previously, we do expect to, in all of the scenarios that we're looking at, to continue to grow production from our Permian Resources business.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Now on the G&A question, this is Steve. The answer to your question is no. We really haven't baked in the Middle East situation with the decline. So basically what we see now is  this is what we've said for next year's run rate are costs. We expect to continue to work on this as the portfolio changes.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right. And the non-core  but by focusing on the non-core sales in MENA, I guess I'm saying does that also imply that the larger interest sell-down in that piece of the portfolio remains back burnered given the current environment. Is that fair?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the countries have gone from being flush with cash to being cash users just to fund their own situation. So it's not likely that they're in the mood to  basically they're selling things. They're not buying things right now.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right. And maybe if I could ask one more question, Steve. Can you discuss what drove the Bakken asset sales given your ample liquidity position? I mean, is there a general comment there on your view of prices in the asset market that you see better opportunities to sell versus buy where you've highlighted that you'd potentially be a buyer in the Permian?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we sold the Bakken assets for about $600 million as opposed to the reported number, which I don't know where that came from. Anyway, we sold for about $600 million. We just can't see a situation where we would invest in it given what we have in the Permian. And so I mean, it's really a statement that says okay, we just don't see how it competes for capital inside the company in any reasonable price scenario that we can come up with. Generally it's always generated negative cash flow or at best neutral. It's declining about 1,000 barrels a day a quarter. So a year from now, it would be 13,000 or so a day just doing the arithmetic. So we don't see how the value increases over time. For us, this $600 million, we could run four rigs in the Permian basin for a year with this money or five, somewhere in that range and generate more production than we would get out of the Bakken with the $600 million. So pretty easy decision. Say well, you could hold on until it goes up in price. By the time it goes up in price you might be making 8,000 barrels a day. So I just don't know when it's going to go up. We believe we received a fair price given the prospects for it under our management.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. I'll leave it for somebody else. Thanks.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning everybody. On the Middle East folks, the non-core areas that you're talking about, I'm trying to reconcile the $60 breakeven number with exiting some of these non-core areas. And I guess my question is, are these areas currently negative free cash flow, and if so, could you quantify what you think the delta would be in the event of an exit and if that's already assumed in your $60 breakeven assumption?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: $60 is just a cartoon. This is basically based on our current situation. The businesses are not cash flow positive.
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Doug, we showed you on the slide that I pointed out, slide 21, that under various oil price scenarios, a higher oil price scenario of last year or lower prices this year, we're still running the combination of those assets are still running a sizable cash deficit after capital. So yeah, you were sort of at higher capital in a higher price environment, but still you weren't generating enough money to really see a free cash flow positive event.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So we haven't gone back and recomputed what exactly the breakeven would be. So we don't really know whether it's $55 or $60.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. So maybe I could just slip in a macro question there. Could you update us on what you're doing in Iraq currently? Because obviously your partner, our understanding is the Iraqis are asking folks to slow down investment. So what are you actually seeing on your asset? And I've got a more Oxy-specific follow-up please.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sandy can answer that I think.
Edward A. Lowe - Vice President and President, Oil and Gas International Production: The Iraqis have asked us to slow down investment. And the infrastructure investment that we need to really take advantage of these fields that is the responsibility of the government has not taken place. So the production is just trucking along at a fairly stable amount. But not anything that would excite us.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And my final one if I may is, again I want to go back to this $60 breakeven, Steve, because if you look at this current quarter, obviously you're still burning through a fair amount of cash, and the oil price clearly is not $60. It's substantially below that. Although that's not our base case, what would you do in the event that you have another year of sub-$50 oil because that would imply you basically burn through all your cash at this rate?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't think we'd burn through all the cash. Maybe we have a different model. But anyway, if you run through all the numbers, I think we'd look at it at the time. But as we cut back on the non-core assets, more cash will be generated. And so you could drill fewer wells in the Permian if that were necessary. We're not counting on -
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: You'd basically slow things down. Right.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we would bring the capital down lower. There's more savings as we go and so we're not exactly sure where we are in this process. So I think as we go through this next year, the large, the cracker basically ends at the end of this next year. The spending on that ends. Some of the stuff in the midstream ends at the end of next year. Al Hosn will be, all the capital will be spent. There's a little bit of capital in the beginning of the year for crew quarters as I recall. And so when now all that ends, the capital will naturally decline and the production goes up. So whether it's $60 or $55, we don't really know right now. But we would expect as we go into 2017 clearly that the capital program would be significantly less than  could be significantly less than next year even.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Got it. I'll let someone else jump on. Thanks, everybody.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, hey. Good morning. Just first question just on the CapEx side. How would you think about what sustaining capital requirements there are today given all the productivity that you've been seeing in the Permian? And how did that relate to the $60 breakeven for dividend coverage as you move forward? I would assume that that's generally underlying your seeing some improvement there, but any color you could provide would be helpful.
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: Yeah, Phil, we're continuing to see improvements in the Permian Resources business. And as we've just said and said previously, our Resources businesses are swing business with respect to capital, we can, we have the ability to ramp up and ramp down. But we do see a scenario if oil prices improve a little bit for us to be able to continue to grow Resources and to manage some of the capital spend and in international down so that we could be cash flow neutral and grow Resources slightly in 2016. And part of that's due to the fact that we're continuing to see improvements in our drilling and completion operations. And if you look at kind of the targets that, if you go back and look at our Q1 targets for our drilling and completion activity in Permian Resources, we've actually adjusted our targets a couple of times because our teams keep outperforming and beating our previous targets and setting new best rates. So currently two of the things that we're dealing with in terms of uncertainties is how much better can we get, and also what will prices be. So we're running both of those scenarios and we think we have opportunity to continue to improve.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Follow-up question just on the midstream business. In this lower for longer type of environment, how would you think about the earnings power of that business? I know it's volatile quarter to quarter, but if you think maybe on an annualized basis and you obviously have a couple of different sub-businesses within that. But any thoughts you have there would be helpful.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's a difficult business to estimate. It's hodgepodge of different businesses. It's got a power business. It's got a standard transmission business. It also holds the capacity to ship oil out of the Permian. And right now there's more excess capacity in the basin to ship oil because people assume that oil would, the production would go up and it's clearly not for the industry. So we're paying demand charges essentially for that. And that's what's eating into the profitability. So it's really a difficult number to quantify because you have to really have an idea about these demand charges and what's going to happen with that. It has a probably underlying earning power in the $300 million or so area. But there's a lot of volatility on these demand charges.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure. And is that $300 million including the benefits we'll get from sulfur at Al Hosn?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Probably not. Probably not going to include it.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Last question though for me.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sulfur at Al Hosn is also, is makes predicting oil prices easy. I mean the price of sulfur can move $50 a ton overnight.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure. Understood. Last question.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Especially if there's a lot of tons.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: On the Middle East you had a significant reduction in the cash operating costs in the third quarter. Any color on the big drivers and the sustainability of that?
Edward A. Lowe - Vice President and President, Oil and Gas International Production: We've had a cost improvement program going for a long time. And we have recently been able to make some breakthroughs on that with various vendors and it's just focusing on it. And same as in the Permian. Everybody in the company's focused on more profit per barrel and less cost per barrel.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think to be  I mean the way the accounting works in the Middle East on a production sharing contract, the company always bears all of the cost, all of the operating costs. So when oil prices are high, you get fewer barrels to cover that operating cost.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And higher, and lower oil prices you've got a lot more barrels to cover the exact same operating cost even if they don't change. So I mean that's -
Edward A. Lowe - Vice President and President, Oil and Gas International Production: It's a combination.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, it's a little different than comparing to the US or something like that because you always have all of the, 100% of the operating costs essentially there. And so whether you produce 10,000 barrels a day or 20 net, operating cost is the same.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. Okay, all right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Rezvan of Sterne, Agee CRT. Please go ahead.
Timothy A. Rezvan - CRT Capital Group LLC: Hi. Good morning folks. First question I guess was on the US cash OpEx numbers that you reported in the third quarter, kind of flattish from 2Q. I know that you've had some big improvements early in the year. I guess you've talked qualitatively about bringing that down more, but maybe can you talk about what happened in the third quarter and kind of how we should think about the trajectory of that into 2016?
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: Yes. We've continued to improve our operating costs and basically we're focusing on the OpEx in Permian Resources and Permian EOR because in Williston we had some high OpEx there just because of the fact that our production was lower. But in the Permian, what we're doing is, we see the biggest opportunities in our Resources business where initially we had difficulty pumping from the deeper unconventional wells. We were trying to use either ESPs or beam pumps. With both of those there were issues because of the depth of those wells and the initial very high volumes that then becomes lower volume pretty quickly in the life of the well. So now we've gotten to a point where we understand that better. We're addressing that better. We're actually ensuring that we installed a lift that's the right kind of lift for the full life cycle of the well so that we don't have high initial repair costs. So that's part of what's driving down our OpEx in the US. In Permian EOR, those guys are continuing to optimize what they do with respect to well maintenance. They have a lot more wells over there. So they've been able to reduce quarter over quarter the cost per barrel in the EOR business by improving the well service rig performance, and improving how they deal with replacement of pumps and things like that, the materials they use and what they're doing there to extend the life of the wells. So we do expect continued improvement in both of those business units.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think the short answer is that the Williston operating costs went up and it dragged the average up.
Timothy A. Rezvan - CRT Capital Group LLC: Okay. Okay. I appreciate that comprehensive answer. Next question I guess on the repurchase program. Your average shares outstanding were down 3.3 million. You only spent $50 million in the third quarter. So I guess that's a factor, the timing of your 2Q activities. Should we expect in a $50 or sub-$50 oil environment that you will kind of run at a much lower pace on the repurchases? Or I guess what's your philosophy on that?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, if I had more confident in the oil price, we'd be more aggressive in the share repurchase. At this point it depends on two things; sort of a calculation of what's in the stock which is favorable to repurchase; and how fearful we are about the volatility in the oil price. So I think the fear overcame the calculation this past quarter. We keep on reading these analyst reports so that generates enormous fear.
Timothy A. Rezvan - CRT Capital Group LLC: I appreciate that commentary.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Edward Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): You clearly shouldn't read analyst reports.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Clearly. I just read the headlines.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. No worries. Question on the Middle East. I mean you talk about ramping down activities, maybe non-core asset sales. I mean of the countries that you list there, Bahrain looks like one which might have a buyer in the sense of the production as opposed to those other countries. Is that what you're talking about?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Selling assets or just reducing activity?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just reducing activity I think is the way to say it. There's a significant amount of, call them receivables or whatever you want to call it, where we produce the oil and gas but haven't been paid in some of these places. And basically you're effectively building up a liability over time and basically we can't afford to do that currently. And so we'll reduce the activity until we can catch up with that accrual if you will. It doesn't show up on a balance sheet. It's simply the difference between production and liftings.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then on Block 9 you said on the last call, we'll look for a contract extension that's as least as good as what we could get back in the Permian. Any progress on how the other side of the table view that?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's a difficult negotiation I think is the best way to describe it.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And ongoing?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And ongoing. I think it will go  it will go on until  all these things go on until there's no more time left.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And as a reminder, just in terms of now as we get down to end 2015 what the actual drop dead date is or...?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's in December.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, and then just moving to the midstream, the Ingleside cracker and the export facility for LPG should be fairly profitable in terms of EBITDA and free cash flow when they're on-stream.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's right.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Just an update as to when you'd sort of -
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Towards the end of next year.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right, okay.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mid  second to third quarter as I recall.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Good. So CapEx comes down. Cash flow goes up and that helps balance.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah and the same thing, when the cracker is the end of  be done the end of next year and then the cash flow really in 2017. Same sort of dynamic except probably larger.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Gammel of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason D. Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Yes. Thanks very much. I was hoping to just get a little more understanding on what led to the write-down on Iraq. Because my understanding was that it was an acceptable place to invest because you never really had a lot of capital exposed. And if you're reducing investment activity even more and you're still lifting oil, does that imply that you got into a situation of a big arrears with the government that you don't think you'll actually ever be able to get paid back?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There's clearly  I really don't want to get into a discussion about the contract terms there, except to say that in theory, you got your money back on a small profit pretty much as you spent the money, maybe a quarter or two off. And that really  and that hasn't exactly happened.
Jason D. Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Okay. I think that's a fair enough explanation. I think I get what's going on there. Now, at the risk of picking nits here, the Permian Resource production overall in the quarter, obviously very good, but it did seem to be a little more swung towards NGLs and gas and away from oil than what I would have normally expected. Vicki talked about moving to pad drilling and making it a more manufacturing process which makes it more lumpy. Is that the explanation for that or is there something else going on?
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: In addition to the pad drilling, we were able to capture some stranded gas in the last quarter and we were able to put that online and through processing and that's what drove some of that.
Jason D. Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: So should we still think about this as 5,000 barrels a day of oil growth out of Permian Resources on a move forward basis with recognizing there could be variation from quarter to quarter?
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: There's going be lumpy production. So it could vary from quarter to quarter, but in terms of the differential with the gas with respect to oil this time, it was again  it was due to a one-time event to get some gas production on that we didn't previously have on.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, as you reduce the capital, have fewer rigs, the effect of this lumpiness is more obvious because you got these rigs working in one place and if you're in five places, well it sort of averages out. But as you reduce the number of rigs at work, the effect of the lumpiness from a quarter to quarter basis is a lot more obvious. So you might expect some more. You'll be able to see it in a normal environment. With a somewhat higher rig count, you wouldn't see it really. It would just smooth out.
Jason D. Gammel - Jefferies International Ltd.: Yeah, okay. That makes sense to me. Okay. Thanks very much, folks.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from John Herrlin of Socit Gnrale. Please go ahead.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. With respect to the Permian Resources unit, can you describe what you're doing in terms of the well completions that are different, or are you doing anything materially different than your peer group?
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: On the well completions, we've continued to try to find the exact mix of when to use slick water, when to use hybrid fluid systems and also what the cluster spacing should be, what the volume of the proppant should be. So what we've done is we've experimented a little bit trying to ensure that we get all of that optimized. And some of that we have enough data that we can optimize it and we know what to do. For example in cluster spacing, we can take the pressures that we see during the frac jobs and kind of get to a point where we know what that should be for a given area. So it's still really the proppant size and the fluid volumes and fluid types that we're experimenting with. We did some experimentation with using some of the sleeves and things like that versus plug and perf. And we found that while the sleeves are somewhat effective in being able to isolate and frac, they're not as good when we try to flow the wells back because the sleeves actually cause variations in the flow back which drops out proppant, causes cleanup issues later. So we're moving more toward now ensuring that what we do is we'll have optimum impact on not just recovery but the life of the well. So I think it's just still experimenting with those things that others do. We're waiting for our seismic. We should be done acquiring that in the Barilla Draw area soon, and we'll be processing that. And we hope that will lead to actual more improvements next year.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. With your EOR operations in the Permian, at current prices how much free cash flow are you generating from that?
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: At current prices, I can tell you, I can give you what we were generating. We were generating a couple of billion dollars when prices were in the $90 environment.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay.
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: Probably about -
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: About a margin, Chris.
Christopher G. Stavros - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Probably cash margins of about $20 a barrel or so.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay. That's great. Last one for me. You took a big impairment on gas. Did you really kitchen sink it in terms of pricing?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We hope so.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning. My first question is a quick macro question. Steve, as you are doing your business in the Middle East, are you seeing any tangible signs of stress or second thoughts regarding OPEC's current production strategy by any of the countries in the region?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: If they had stress, they wouldn't share it with us. I think that's fair to say. What you do see of course is a lot of talk about raising money and that sort of thing. So if you want to view that as stress, you can. But they all say that they're aligned, whatever that means.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. You provided helpful color on non-core asset sales in MENA. As you continue to high grade your portfolio, how do you think about Colombia.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Vicki can answer that.
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: In Colombia, we recently signed an agreement with the government to implement a couple more water floods in Colombia. We see that as our asset there is the opportunity to continue to maintain our production. We'd like at some point to be able to grow the production a little bit. But currently we have a great relationship with the government and with Ecopetrol. We have a team down there that's incredibly efficient and knows the area very well. And our operating teams are very good there. So we see it as a place that, we've been there for over 30 year, would like to continue to be there another 30 years. The country itself has some opportunities outside of what we currently have. And certainly, any opportunity that comes up in Colombia is something we'd want to take a look at.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Great. And my last question is thinking about Permian capital allocation, with the results that you showed in East Midland, is it possible that capital in the Midland Basin can increase relative to the Delaware in 2016?
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: Currently, we were thinking that we would move more activity to the Delaware Basin. But you're right. Our Midland Basin team has been performing so well, and especially with this Big Spring area in Howard County, the performance there and in Merchant is getting to the point where those wells are really becoming very competitive with what we're doing in the Delaware.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning. Wanted to dig in a little bit on the broader Delaware and Midland Basin well performance to understand whether the strong wells you highlight here on slides 13 and 15 are trending relative to your broader acreage and drilling program and whether they're reflective of what we should expect going forward. I'm not sure if it's apples-to-apples, but if we look at the BOE a day per thousand feet of lateral you have for the 2015 averages, they both, on slides 13 and 15, appear to be below what was reported for the first half in the second quarter presentation. And so what I'm trying to get to is whether the specific wells you're highlighting here with much better rates are reflective of the wells we should expect going forward for specific portions of your acreage, whether they're good averages we should assume for your broader acreage or they're highlights of your best wells.
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: I think the 2015 average is not exactly representative of what we'll see going forward, but it's indicative of a trend that we'll see. What you're talking about, the trend downward was certainly impacted by the Peck State and the Buzzard State because initially we had incredible rates from the Peck State. It was about 2,400 BOE per day, 24-hour rate for the Peck State. About over 2,000 barrels a day for the Buzzard State. Those wells were two of our best wells in the Delaware Basin. What we're trying to do and the reason we're still, and in answer to John's question, the reason I said we're still trying to tweak things and work things is that we feel like we should have the ability to continue to increase our performance per well. And we're still, we think that with the seismic, we'll be able to figure out what made the Peck State and the Buzzard State so good. And then we'll target trying to hit either the interval that was so good in there or the area, or types of areas like that. And so that's exactly the reason for the seismic is to try to determine whether their reservoir, whether there are areas that are driven by reservoir quality or characteristics that we can move toward in our development program toward the end of 2016. Because by the time we have the seismic processed and evaluated, it would not start impacting the program until the end of next year. But that's exactly what it's designed to do, is look for whether or not those wells were in a particular area that's limited, or whether it's broader and we just aren't getting the chemistry of the frac jobs right or the location within the interval. That's not to say we're not having great wells. We're having great wells, but we do want to continue to improve them. We'd love to see more of those types.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's very helpful. And my follow-up is also on slide 13 where you have the nice map of your focus acreage. Can you just refresh us on how many acres that focus area represents and what it would take and any plans to turn some of the other acreage we see there of Oxy's into focus acreage?
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: Well, we have as you know 1.5 million net acres in the unconventional business and our inventory of wells really, the appraisal wells that we've shown you, that 8,300 well inventory was really based on an appraisal of about half of that. And then our development areas, we're trying to keep at an even lower acreage percentage than that because what we're trying to do is ensure that we completely build out as we build our infrastructure. So probably the Barilla Draw area represents an acreage, at least what we're really concentrating on developing, probably two or three pods that would total up to be about 40,000 or 50,000 in the Delaware Basin.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons. Please go ahead.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thank you all for fitting me in here. I had a follow-up question on some of the earlier questions around capital spending flexibility into 2016. And I apologize if I missed this earlier, but can you just help us understand the amount of capital spending currently being dedicated to the portion of your MENA program that you deem as non-core? Just trying to understand the opportunity set for the potential spending reductions there that you might be pursuing.
Vicki A. Hollub - Senior Executive Vice President and President, Oxy Oil and Gas: It's $400 million, $400 million.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's $400 million.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Okay. Thanks. And then Al Hosn ramping up faster than expected on the production front. Can you discuss that outperformance? And then also can you address the contributions during the quarter from a cash flow perspective? And really trying to understand the timing of the cash flow contributions there and what the peak cash flow contributions are in this environment. Obviously it's difficult to predict given the sulfur exposure and the less transparency on some of the pricing.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think the cash has normal settlement with it. So the production is actually doing pretty much the way it's said. I mean the 60,000 is what we talked about. Cash flow before capital settles like others and so it was a little back end loaded in the third quarter. So there was less of it in the third quarter than we'll see in the fourth quarter. There's some capital that needs to be spent in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter for some things which we'll use some of the money. The business just depends on really oil prices, the volatility in the business. So I think we're talking about $300 million of free cash. And then it could be as much as $1 billion depending on oil prices sort of in the $70s.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. That's helpful, Steve. And then last one for me. You mentioned exiting 2015 with Permian Resources production of around 120,000 barrels a day. So on over $2 billion of CapEx this year, you're obviously growing that business very significantly. Do you have an estimate of the level of spending that could hold that 120,000 flat through next year? Just trying to understand how that compares to the $2 billion plus you're spending this year that's driving considerable growth.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're now discussing among ourselves as to what that number might be. So under $1 billion I think. But we don't know whether it's $700 million or $800 million or $900 million. Because things keep getting better, that's why we're slow in giving you these answers because we just don't know, and we don't want to mislead you.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Got it, understood. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Chris Degner for any closing remarks.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Emily, and thanks to everyone for participating. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director-Investor Relations Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer Christopher G. Stavros - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Edward G. Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC Matthew M. Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Degner. Please go ahead.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Emily. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's second quarter 2015 conference call. On the call with us today are Steve Chazen, Oxy's President and Chief Executive Officer; Vicki Hollub, Senior Executive Vice President of Occidental and President, Oxy Oil and Gas; Chris Stavros, Chief Financial Officer. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to our CEO, Steve Chazen, who will provide an updated outlook for 2015. Our CFO, Chris Stavros, will review our financial and operating results for the second quarter and also provide some guidance for 2015. He will be followed by Vicki Hollub, who'll provide an update of our activities in the Permian Basin. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our second quarter 2015 earnings press release, the Investor Relations conference call slides, our non-GAAP-to-GAAP reconciliations, can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Steve. Steve, please go ahead.
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Chris. We've made progress towards our objectives for this year. Our principal goal for the year is to achieve cash flow neutrality where our operating cash flow covers both our capital spending and dividend outlays at $60 per barrel realized oil prices. We will achieve this goal through deploying our capital and operating cost savings into further production and cash flow growth, driven mostly by our Permian Resources business unit and the start-up of the Al Hosn gas project. Year to date, we estimated about $450 million in captured cost reductions. We expect our 2015 capital outlays to be about $5.8 billion, as we have redeployed some of the cost savings to drilling more wells in our Permian Resources business unit. In short, we are learning to do more with less and expect continued improvement in productivity through the year. Despite volatile product prices, our Oil and Gas segment has been operating well in nearly all of our key assets. We've increased total oil production by 16% since second quarter of 2014. The focused development program in Permian Resources has driven most of the growth, as well as strong production volumes in Oman and Colombia. We've also focused on optimizing our base production. Rather than making head count reductions during this downturn, we've sent many of our engineers out into the field to replace contractors. They've done a good job of maintaining our base production and driving operating efficiency. In the Permian, we have shifted our Resources business to a focused development program. We're drilling completing wells at a faster pace and accelerated our time to market. Total production increased by about 50% year over year  has again exceeded our internal outlook. As such, we have increased our estimate of production for the second half of the year to 117,000 BOE a day. Actual results continue to improve and outperform our internal outlook. Al Hosn is a large world-scale project and the first of its kind. It is reasonable to expect some operational pains as it has ramped up to full production. In the second quarter of 2015, Al Hosn produced 18,000 BOE a day and sold its first shipment of sulfur. Due to mechanical challenge in the sulfur recovery units, the plant was limited to 50% of capacity for most of the quarter, and production was curtailed for most of the month of April. Repairs to stabilize the sulfur units were completed in July, and the plant has responded well as production has ramped up. The plant is currently producing at about 50,000 BOE a day to us, and we expect it to contribute about 30,000 BOE a day in the third quarter. Despite a lower capital production, we expect production growth of 70,000 to 80,000 BOE a day in 2015, driven by the start-up of the Al Hosn gas project and focused development program in Permian Resources. In the United States, we expect oil production growth about 8%, partially offset by declines in NGLs and natural gas production. Vicki Hollub will provide further details on the outlook for the U.S. Oil and Gas business. Construction on the Ingleside ethylene cracker is ahead of schedule and on budget. There are currently 1,300 workers on-site. Construction is about 30% complete, and over 80% of the equipment has been purchased and delivered. We expect to be more than 70% through our capital spending on the project by year-end and for the plant to start up in early 2017. As we capture price savings from suppliers and improve the efficiencies of our operations, we're able to do more with less spending. Our capital spending in the second quarter declined by about $250 million and will continue to decline throughout the year. As for  our forecasted capital spending level in some Middle Eastern assets may be slightly higher than expected this year. However, the production sharing contract should allow us to quickly recover our capital costs with increase in oil production. We expect the exit this year at a quarterly spending rate of $1 billion to $1.2 billion. If oil prices remain at current levels around $50, our 2016 capital will be less than both the 2015 full year and the fourth quarter run rate. Given our large acreage position and deep inventory, we have the flexibility to defer drilling and appraisal activities. Although we will outspend our cash flow this year, we expect that going forward our operating cash flow will cover our capital expenditures and dividend payments, assuming $60-per-barrel oil price realizations. We continue to invest growth capital in the Permian Resources segment. Over the first half of the year, we did not make any meaningful acquisitions, nor do we have any in the pipeline. The market for asset acquisitions in the Permian Basin has been heated, with new entrants paying sizable premiums for acreage. With our deep inventory of assets, we will focus on organic growth with a low possibility of selective bolt-on acquisitions that leverage our existing infrastructure and geologic understanding. We have approximately 64 million shares remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. At current stock price levels, we would view the stock as attractive for repurchase. Now I'll turn the call over to Chris Stavros for a review of our financial results.
Christopher G. Stavros - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. First I want to highlight some new formatting around our quarterly disclosures. We created a set of earnings release schedules that replaces the previous IR supplemental schedules. The new format is more comprehensive, providing condensed quarterly financial statements, plus quarterly data going back for the entire prior year. We generated core income of $165 million for the second quarter 2015, resulting in diluted earnings per share of $0.21, an increase of $0.04 per share in the first quarter of 2015 and a decrease from $1.38 per share in the second quarter of 2014. Worldwide oil prices improved about $6 a barrel in the second quarter of 2015 compared to the first quarter, but still remain well below prices comparable to last year. U.S. natural gas prices continue to decline, down about $0.40 per mcf from the first quarter, and NGL prices stayed essentially flat. Our second quarter capital spending was about $1.5 billion, down 14% from the $1.7 billion we spent in the first quarter. We continued to ramp down our capital program in the second quarter, focusing our development activity in core areas of the Permian Basin and parts of the Middle East, with an emphasis on growing our production volumes and, importantly, our operating cash flow. Despite the reduction in this year's capital program, we continued to grow our domestic Oil and Gas volumes, driven by our Permian Resources operations. Permian Resources grew its oil production 78% in the second quarter, adding 31,000 barrels per day compared to the year-ago period, with total BOE growth of 51%. Production from Permian Resources improved 11,000 BOE per day sequentially, with 9,000 barrels per day coming from oil. Turning to the specific business segments, Oil and Gas core after-tax earnings for the second quarter 2015 were $108 million, $130 million higher than the first quarter and $833 million lower than last year's second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, the largest impact of the change in year-over-year earnings was due to lower oil prices. For the second quarter of 2015, total company Oil and Gas production volumes averaged 658,000 BOE per day, an increase of 13,000 BOE in daily production from the first quarter and 78,000 BOE per day from the same period a year ago. Total company oil volumes were 433,000 barrels per day in the second quarter, 61,000 barrels per day higher than the year-ago period, for an increase of 16%. Total domestic Oil and Gas production averaged 333,000 BOE per day during the second quarter 2015, up 7,000 BOE per day sequentially and 25,000 BOE on a year-over-year basis, with all of the increase coming from Permian Resources. This was partially offset by lower production from our Midcontinent assets, where we have ceased our drilling activity. Domestic oil production was 205,000 barrels per day during the second quarter, an increase of 7,000 barrels per day sequentially and up 26,000 barrels per day, or 15%, from the year-ago quarter, exceeding our earlier guidance for the period. For the year to-date, overall domestic production volumes have exceeded our expectations. Our domestic production growth for the first six months of 2015 resulted in an additional $175 million of operating cash flow when compared to the last six months of 2014 and using current product prices for both periods. We achieved this growth while reducing our domestic capital by $389 million. In summary, we not only drilled and completed the wells but sequentially grew both our production volumes and operating cash flow, which can be reinvested in the business. International Oil and Gas production volumes averaged 325,000 BOE per day during the second quarter, up 6,000 BOE per day sequentially and 53,000 BOE per day on a year-over-year basis. Production from the Al Hosn gas project increased by 9,000 BOE per day from this year's first quarter to 18,000 BOE per day in the second quarter and, as Steve mentioned, also realized the sale of its first shipment of sulfur. Production was curtailed during much of the second quarter, as mechanical modifications and adjustments were made to the sulfur recovery units. These adjustments have been completed, and we expect our net production to exit this month around 50,000 BOE per day. Our second quarter Oil and Gas cash operating costs of $12.10 per BOE declined 9.0% from the first quarter of $13.36 per BOE due to lower surface and downhole maintenance costs, lower workover costs, as well as higher production volumes. DD&A for the second quarter was $16.06 per BOE compared to $15.35 per BOE during the first quarter. Taxes other than on income which are directly related to product prices were $1.85 per BOE for the second quarter of 2015, compared to $1.63 for the first quarter of 2015 and $2.45 per BOE for the full year of last year. Chemical pre-tax earnings were $136 million for the second quarter of 2015. Results were lower than expected, due to higher ethylene feedstock costs and lower caustic soda prices, as well as some unplanned outages at two of our VCM plants. Midstream pre-tax earnings were $84 million during the second quarter compared to a loss of $5 million in the first quarter of this year and income of $130 million in the same period a year ago. Our Midstream segment is composed of physical marketing, pipelines, power, and gas processing. Our physical marketing is exposed to spreads between WTI Midland and Gulf Coast pricing through multiple pipeline commitments. In the second quarter, our Midstream segment results benefited from wide price differentials. We expect this benefit to partially reverse in the third quarter, as price differentials have narrowed. Our gas processing business converts wet gas to NGLs. Currently, NGLs are trading at an equivalent price to natural gas, which is insufficient to cover the plant operating expenses. Our domestic pipelines as well as the Dolphin pipeline generate a relatively stable and strong stream of tariff income from transporting crude oil and natural gas. Operating cash flow before working capital changes for the first six months of 2015 was $2.6 billion. As I mentioned, higher production volumes resulting from our continued investment in the Permian, as well as improved oil price realizations, resulted in a sequential increase of about $400 million in operating cash flow before working capital changes to $1.5 billion in the second quarter. Working capital declined by $950 million during the first six months of 2015. At December 31 of last year, accounts payable was $5.2 billion, and as of June 30 of this year, it decreased by $1.1 billion to $4.1 billion. This decrease was due to payments related to higher capital and operating spending accrued in the fourth quarter of last year but not paid until 2015. Total company capital expenditures for the first six months of 2015 were $3.2 billion, and about on track with our full-year 2015 capital budget of $5.8 billion. Oil and Gas spent $2.7 billion in the first half of 2015, with Permian Resources expenditures comprising 47% of the total and the remaining $500 million split nearly evenly between chemicals and midstream. The continued growth in our operating cash flow should help us to achieve our goal of being cash flow neutral after capital expenditures and dividends at oil prices of roughly $60 a barrel. In June we completed a bond offering, issuing senior notes at 3.5% and 4.625% and received net proceeds of approximately $1.5 billion. The proceeds were used to build liquidity and partially prefund some of our debt maturing in the first half of 2016. Oxy's credit ratings remain unchanged at A by Moody's and S&P. We paid cash dividends of $1.1 billion in the first six months of 2015 and purchased 7.4 million shares of our stock for $571 million. This amounts to an annualized cash return of 6.2% for our shareholders. The share repurchase activity for the first six months also has the benefit of reducing our annualized dividend outlays by approximately $22 million. Our cash balance at the end of the second quarter was $5.1 billion. Our long-term debt-to-capitalize ratio was 17% at the end of the second quarter. The worldwide effective tax rate on our core income was 65% for the second quarter of 2015. Looking ahead to the third quarter domestically, we expect production from Permian Resources to grow by roughly 5% sequentially on a BOE basis, including 5,000 barrels a day of oil growth. Growth in the Permian should be roughly offset by declines in our Midcontinent production, leaving overall third quarter domestic production about flat with the second quarter. We expect our international production volumes to increase by about 10,000 BOE per day in the third quarter. Production rates at Al Hosn should continue to improve, increasing to about 35,000 BOE per day on average in the third quarter. The increase from Al Hosn should be partially offset by approximately 8,000 barrels per day of lower volumes in Colombia due to pipeline disruptions experienced during July. Assuming no meaningful disruptions during the second half of the year, we are raising the lower end of our full-year 2015 production guidance range from 650,000 to 660,000 BOE per day. Our current estimate of full-year 2015 volumes of 660,000 to 670,000 BOE per day will provide year-over-year growth of 12% to 13%. Price changes at current global prices affect our quarterly earnings before income taxes by $30 million for a $1 per barrel change in oil prices and $7 million for a $1 per barrel change in NGL prices. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices affects quarterly pre-tax earnings by about $15 million. Our third quarter 2015 exploration expense is anticipated to be about $20 million pre-tax. We expect our third quarter 2015 pre-tax chemicals earnings to be about $140 million. Our third quarter midstream earnings will be principally impacted by Midland to Gulf Coast oil price differentials. We expect our interest expense to increase to about $50 million in the third quarter from $7 million in the second quarter. The sequential increase is due to expensing of previously capitalized interest on the Al Hosn project and the $1.5 billion senior notes we issued in June. Using current strip prices for Oil and Gas, we expect our full-year 2015 domestic tax rate to be 36% and our international tax rates to remain about 65%. To summarize, we demonstrated strong year-over-year production growth of nearly 13% in the second quarter, bolstered by continued growth in Permian Resources and from the Al Hosn project. We also continued to grow our operating cash flow, which is being used to organically reinvest in the business while providing a balanced return of cash to our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub, who will provide an update on our operations in the Permian Basin.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: Thank you, Chris. Today I'll review the highlights of our Permian Resources and Permian EOR activities in the second quarter, and then I'll provide guidance on our program for the remainder of 2015. I'd like to highlight a few key messages. First, Permian Resources is continuing to drive capital costs down through improved execution efficiency in drilling and well completions. Second, production again exceeded expectations due to reduced time to market and better-than-planned well performance. Finally, the positive returns of our Permian unconventional programs in this environment, along with the large-volume, low-decline production from our EOR operations, provides us flexibility and a wide range of product prices. The advantages this portfolio provides can't be duplicated in the Permian Basin. In the second quarter, Permian Resources achieved daily production of 109,000 BOE per day, a 12% increase from the first quarter and a 51% increase versus the prior year. Oil production increased to 71,000 barrels per day, a 15% increase from their previous quarter and a 78% increase from a year ago. We drilled 47 wells, including 42 horizontals. We placed 71 wells on production, including 53 horizontals. In the second half of this year, we'll operate about 12 rigs and drill and complete at least 100 horizontal wells. We continue to work on four key activities that are adding more wells to our inventory and reducing the economic hurdles of our inventory. First, we've used our vast database to update our basin hydrocarbon richness map and to build the petrophysical and geochemical models necessary to improve well performance and to add more locations to our inventory. Second, our teams have further reduced our drilling and completion costs and optimized the value of a manufacturing approach in our key areas. Third, although we have achieved significant cost savings from our vendors, we continue to look for creative ways to reduce service and materials cost further. Lastly, we're enhancing base management and maintenance operations to maximize production at minimal incremental cost. These activities have generated higher-than-expected production and have lowered our finding and development cost, thereby increasing our inventory of drilling locations that deliver returns which exceed our cost of capital. We'll provide an update of our inventory by play and breakeven prices later this year. In the fourth quarter of last year, we began transitioning from appraisal mode to a targeted development program, utilizing a manufacturing approach combined with integrated planning and engineering. This has reduced nonproductive time, maximized the efficiencies of pad drilling, including the use of zipper fracs, and has reduced infrastructure costs. As a result of these efforts, we have achieved significantly improved well delivery and lower well cost. As the example on slide 27 illustrates, we've reduced our drilling time by about 50% and our costs by about 40% in a recent Wolfcamp A well in the Delaware Basin. Our improvements were driven by adopting and adapting oilfield technology, including an advanced mud system to eliminate casing across the salt interval in the wellbore. Oxy Drilling Dynamics is a proprietary system we have developed by expanding upon mechanical specific energy concepts to improve rates of penetration. This improvement in drilling efficiency is a structural change to our business that will sharply lower our cost irrespective of pricing concessions from our suppliers. In the Delaware Basin, our Wolfcamp A 4,500-foot well cost decreased by about 40% from 2014's cost of $10.9 million to a current cost of $6.8 million. We've reduced our drilling time by 23 days from 2014's average of 43 days to 20 days. I would note that even as we have lowered our completion cost per well, we've optimized the density of our completions and profit loads and have been drilling longer laterals. As I'll highlight later, our productivity has continued to improve while we have lowered our costs. In the Delaware Basin, we've identified 900 additional horizontal development locations for a total of 5,700. We have 2,000 horizontal well locations ready for development, including 800 sites in the Wolfcamp A bench. The majority of these locations are in our operated areas in Reeves County. In New Mexico, our Bone Spring potential is equally as significant, with 2,300 locations. Our well performance in the Delaware Basin continues to be strong. We placed 13 horizontal wells on production in the Wolfcamp A benches in the second quarter. These wells achieved an average peak rate of 1,359 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 988 BOE per day. The Moore Hooper 3H well achieved a 2,389 BOE per day peak rate and a 1,769 BOE per day 30-day rate. Additionally our Lenox 2 5H well achieved a 2,425 BOE per day peak rate and a 1,506 BOE per day 30-day rate. Both of these wells produced around 70% oil, and we believe that they are among the most prolific drilled to date in the Permian Basin. Now I'd like to shift to the Midland Basin. We've made similar improvements in well cost and drilling days in our Wolfcamp A wells in the eastern part of the Midland Basin. We reduced the cost of these 7,500-foot horizontal wells by 30% from 2014's cost of $9.2 million to a current cost of $6.5 million. We reduced our drilling days by more than 50%, from 46 days in 2014 to 20 in the second quarter. Through our program this year and in evaluating the acreage from the acquisition in December, we have added 600 horizontal locations in the Midland Basin for total now of 3,100. Most of the additions were in the Wolfcamp A and Spraberry formations, and we now have 2,000 identified locations ready for horizontal development. A new area for us is in the Midland Basin. It's called Big Spring, which was part of the December acquisition. We launched into development early this year, and in the second quarter we brought online the May 1102H (25:09) Wolfcamp A well at a peak rate of 1,846 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1,262. The well is producing at over 85% oil. These Wolfcamp A well results have been outperforming our initial type curves for this emerging play in Howard County. Now shifting to Permian EOR, where year to date we're ahead of plan and meeting our aggressive cost improvement target. We've reduced the cost of drilling San Andres wells by about 30% through optimized drilling parameters and crew efficiency. Additionally, we've reduced our downhole maintenance hours per job by 20% since the fourth quarter by applying the learnings gained from a manufacturing approach to well maintenance. We have 15,000 wells in the Permian EOR business and expect to reduce our 2015 downhole maintenance and enhancement cost by $60 million versus 2014. These cost reductions will further increase the free cash flow generated by our Permian EOR business in the current oil price environment. Despite the low price environment, we're  continued to commit to developing our technical talent and recently finished construction of a new training center in Midland that will open in September. In previous industry down cycles, we've seen in the industry overreact through widespread layoffs. We're taking a different approach with our response to low oil prices and have deployed many of our engineers in the early stages of their careers out into the field, where they have replaced contractors. They are successfully helping to optimize our base production, improve drilling times, and gain on-the-ground experience. In closing, we'll continue to execute a focused development strategy in 2015, and we'll pursue additional step changes in well productivity and cost structure. For the remainder of 2015, we plan to operate an average of about 12 drilling rigs to drill around 100 horizontal wells in Permian Resources. This is a higher activity level than planned, but we believe investing efficiency gains back into Permian Resources is a prudent action to take. We expect to produce an average of 117,000 BOE per day in the second half of 2015 and for the business to drive continued growth in operating cash flows. Strong production growth from our Permian Resources business, along with the high-volume, low capital-intensive Permian EOR business, keeps us well-positioned to not only meet the challenges of this lower-price environment, but also to profitably grow our combined Permian business. Now, I'll turn the call back to Chris Degner.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Vicki. We'll now open up for questions. Emily?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, everybody. My first question  Permian Resources, production beats again, very impressive cost and efficiency improvements here. Really two questions, does your performance lower your existing targets? And secondly, how would you benchmark your Permian operating performance versus peers where there's a peer scope (28:36) to see some continued improvement for a group that's improving at a pretty fast pace?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: Currently, we feel like in the Delaware Basin, we're definitely upper quartile in terms of drilling performance. And actually, we've recently compared our performance to some of our competitors. And we feel like there's maybe one or two operators that have had a couple of wells  a few wells better than ours. But with the direction that we're headed, we expect to be first in performance in drilling in the Delaware Basin, due to the activities and initiatives that I just discussed. And with respect to well performance, we looked recently at what some offset operators are doing, and, compared to offset operators in the Delaware Basin, as I said in my discussion here, we believe that we've just completed some of the best wells in the basin, in the Delaware. In the Midland Basin, this new area that we're developing now in Big Spring is certainly showing some of the best production that we've seen yet in the Midland Basin as well. So in some areas in the Midland Basin, we're about par, and, in some cases, slightly lower than some of our competition, but certainly this Big Spring area is competing very well, as is Merchant.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right. And does that reset your targets in terms of the targets you put forth in the slides?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: For now, what we're trying to do is  we feel comfortable with what we've stated for the second half of this year. So that's the target we expect to be able to hit, which equates to about a 109,000 [BOE] average for 2015. With respect to 2016, our targets on a per-well basis, on the average, are going to increase, but what we haven't determined yet is what level of activity we'll have for 2016. So we feel very comfortable that we're going to have a stronger program going into 2016, but the level of capital spend will depend on market conditions.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, fair. My second question relates to locations. There's also a large uptick in locations in Delaware and Midland and particularly in development-ready locations. I mean, it sounds like a model change there that you discussed, but can you give us maybe any further color on that change? And how's that change continuing to evolve throughout the year? Are there drivers for additional scope change, given the pretty significant jump there?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: Yeah, what's happening is our teams have become so efficient in a number of areas. So we're not just getting good with drilling  and the drilling has been the part of our performance that we've highlighted a lot. So drilling performance is significantly improving, and it's improving because of the modeling work that our teams are doing, in addition to the execution in the field. So it's a combination of our planning, our design, and our guys in the field executing it very well. In addition to that, though, we have an efficiency team that's driving how we do our business. From the time that we go out, we decide to spot a well, to the time that we get it to sales, every segment of that we've worked on to try to improve our efficiency. And that's gone really well, which has been a big part of the acceleration in addition to the improvement in a per-well basis in terms of initial rates and performance. The other thing that's helping us significantly is the business units working with our exploitation team to enhance what we understand about the reservoir now. So our modeling work, especially our petrophysical geomodeling and our mapping, has enabled us to do a better job of selecting where to place the lateral part of the well, not only where to spot the well, but where to put the lateral section of the well, and also how to complete it. And while we've seen significant improvements in our wells with the design changes we've made, we feel like there are still more improvements to be made, and we're continuing to work it.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I think you mentioned that you are going to provide price sensitivity later in the year, but are these locations conditioned on a strip or any particular price level currently?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: Well, in the slides, you'll see that we have an inventory of our current well locations identified, and what it shows is the inventory that we can drill by price range. But I want to point out here that this inventory  it's on slide 25, I think  but the inventory that's shown on that slide really is not updated for not only well performance, but it hasn't been updated for our current cost structure. So we'll be updating that at the end of the year, and you can use that as the guide to see the level of inventory that we have based on what the oil price is. And this is based on delivering returns that are greater than our cost of capital.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very good, great. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Vicki, I can't help but notice the absence of any meaningful commentary around the Middle East in the slide deck this quarter. I guess, following on from Evan's question, substantially greater opportunity perhaps in the Permian Basin. As you think about the transition of the CEO role over the next year or so, how does your view of the Middle East (34:22) generally  obviously there's a lot of large core assets, but there's also a lot of smaller, non-core assets. How do you think about your preparedness to invest in those kind of areas, the type of returns, the risk profile, and so on, compared to the short-cycle, fairly-well-known entity that you have right your backyard? In other words, is the Middle East back on the table as a potential rationalization story? And I've got a follow-up, please.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: Well, we're looking at the Middle East basically as a group of what we consider core assets versus non-core assets. And the assets that we consider to be really core to our business over there are the assets in Oman, the Al Hosn project, the Dolphin project. Those are our cash flow generators, so the steam flood in Mukhaizna is certainly one of the projects that's very important to us. Some of the other assets in the Middle East  we're currently in Qatar, that's been a good project for us. That still has five years left on the contract there. Some of the other assets are assets that, as we've mentioned before, are assets that are non-core to us, and given the opportunity, we would work to try to monetize or exit those.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I don't want to risk wasting my follow-up on this, but the Omani contract obviously is something that when you mentioned Oman you mentioned the steam flood, but you've got 35,000 or so barrels a day of production there today in a contract. Is that asset competitive? Is it delivering free cash flow at this point?
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, this is Steve.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: In other words, would  go ahead, Steve.
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: She's new to the Middle East, but she'll answer next quarter. The answer is, yeah, it's a free cash flow generator at this point. Whether it's competitive or not is hard to measure. And so, as you know, what happens is you invest the capital and you get it back within the year, typically. So while you show a lot of investment, you get it back fairly quickly, and then some profit oil to go with it. So it's an okay contract at this point. But that's the same kind of financial characteristic that the Permian Resources has, frankly, just looking at it financially. And so the issue that Vicki will wrestle with over the next few months is whether it's competitive to continue to invest  basically shifting that capital to the Resource business, which basically has the same kind of payout timeframe, maybe a little longer than Resources but not much. So that's really what we're having to wrestle with, and we'll look for a contract extension that is at least as good as what we could get a lot closer to home.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for elaborating, Steve. My follow-up is  I guess is one of the things that we periodically revisit, and it's the dividend. And obviously you've got a big dividend commitment. The stability of the underlying cash flow is a big, I guess, funding mechanism, CO2, chemicals, and so on. But if you shift your capital allocation, let's say, to the Permian away from those long-life assets that you have in the Middle East, one could argue that the visibility on long-life cash flow to sustain that dividend growth kind of starts to deteriorate a little bit. So what I'm really coming round to is how do you reset the dividend level such that you're able to maintain one of the  I guess the anchors of Oxy's legacy investment case, which is dividend growth? And, of course, what I'm really getting at is where's your head at on the buyback? Are you going to scale down the shares in order to reset that dividend commitment? And I'll leave it there, Steve. Thanks.
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I'll answer that for now. And we've talked about this a lot; it's not some new topic. If we concentrate the Middle East on the long-lived projects, that'll generate relatively more free cash flow. In fact, if we stopped investing in the so-called non-core group, we'd have more cash flow than we have now. So they're basically users of cash for either overhead or whatever. And so we think we could improve the cash flow out of the Middle East with that. The CO2 businesses and the chemical business, chemical business will finish the cracker here in a year or so. The cash flow will improve there. We think the dividend will be fairly easy to maintain. However, it will require some shrinkage of the shares; there's no question about that. And so one of our objectives over the next timeframe would be to shrink the shares and therefore reduce the dividend, especially at the current prices of the stock, where the dividend yield is exceptionally high.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate the answer, Steve. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward G. Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes. Good morning, Vicki, back onto the Permian, if I may. So you've got this $6.2 million target for well costs  I think that's what Evan was trying to get to  to see where that could get down to. What the limit you think is on that? And then I've got a follow-on about recoveries.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: The $6.2 million is the target, but we feel like that we still have opportunities to lower beyond that. We actually have achieved that with some of our wells, but we're just not achieving that on the average yet. We're still seeing opportunities; the teams are working on new ideas. I think that there's a good possibility we could get below the $6.2 million. Not only that target in the Delaware Basin but our targets in the Midland Basin as well. They're making some really good progress, doing some very good work modeling.
Edward G. Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): The other experiment you that you spoke about on the last call, obviously making progress on landing zones, proppant intensity, and cluster spacing, all of these things that the industry's using. And we're seeing some individual well results that you flagged out, for example, in the Delaware on slide 30. And the average is kind of static. So I'm just kind of wondering if there's a sort of help you can give us in terms of where you think you could get to from these spot wells  they could be sweet spots  versus the average that you're delivering across the play?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: Yeah, what we're trying to do in the Delaware Basin, I think I mentioned before, is that the 3D seismic that we're acquiring, that would be something that could help us identify  or actually it's the next step to high-grade the locations that we drill. So it's not  as we've said before, it's not only about where you place the well within the interval, but where you drill the well, too. And our basin modeling, which has recently been updated, that's another tool that we think is going to help us continue to move the average up a bit. So we think that those two tools, the basin modeling where we've done a lot of geochem work and updated our petrophysical models, the 3D seismic now, we're in the process of acquiring that. We should be able to have that processed and begin interpretation by the end of the year. So that should help to impact the 2016 program.
Edward G. Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Leo Mariani of RBC. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Just question around Al Hosn here. I think you guys previous had a target of 60,000 barrels a day to eventually hit. You think that target's still realistic, and is that something we might get to in 2016?
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the answer is yeah, it's realistic. They could in theory do better than that. It's running  if you look at the numbers  more liquids rich than we had originally forecasted, and we see that continuing. So you're going to wind up with probably more liquids, I think. I think with a little luck we'll get to it by year-end, but if not, certainly by the first quarter.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And I guess just with respect to your comments around CapEx, obviously you guys are seeing CapEx move lower here in the second half of 2015. I know you guys previously had said that you might underspend the 2015 budget of the $5.8 billion. Is that still possible here? Because I know it sounds like you guys maybe have probably higher Permian drilling activity. Just trying to get a sense of where that spend may go.
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the driver isn't the Permian. The Permian is well-managed. The question is the part that's not really in our control, which is some of the Middle East stuff. And, again, I think if we  effectively, if you put  it's not totally in our control because you have the issue with the not (43:57) foreign governments. So if we spend a little more or a little less, that really just affects the amount of  number of barrels we'll get back within six months. So that's about the only thing about the capital that I think is  what's within our control would be lower, effectively, than that, but there's a part of it that's really not in our control.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess, just to be clearer on your intentions for next year, if prices stay low, at $50, you guys have these 12 rigs in the Permian, is that likely to stay at 12? Or potentially could you cut it back further next year?
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it just depends on what the price is. 12 is, I think, a reasonable guess for now, but we would  even in a more stable price environment, we would have a hard time at this point of the year in making a sensible outlook for next year. We could make one up, but I think it's hard to make sensible outlook for next year, even now, with the volatility of the prices. We're loath to say exactly what we're going to do. The intention is that we'd like  I think we can make  fairly straightforwardly make cash flow neutrality in a $60 environment. The question is can we make it in a $55 environment, and I just don't know that yet, but we're certainly going to try.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. So it sounds like cash flow neutrality would be the overarching theme for next year.
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: You can't just run for the rest of your life outspending your cash flow. I mean, you can do it for a year, maybe two years, but that can't be a business model for any ongoing enterprise, although obviously there are companies that have been doing it for a decade, so.
Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks, Steve.
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. Good morning. Maybe if I could start in the Permian as well. The addition to the well inventory was great to see. And I realize some of that is on the modeling side, but can you talk maybe a little bit of  it looked like there were additions across a variety of zones. With the new model and as you continue to drill, is there any zone in particular where you're seeing particularly strong improvements or where your view may be changing at all in the basin?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: Yeah, I would say that our view changed a little bit in the Midland Basin, where we thought at the beginning of the year that the Spraberry would be the best interval for us in the Midland, but now we're seeing the Wolfcamp A and both the Merchant area and the Big Spring area as looking very, very good. So that was a positive sign for us. So we have now three intervals  the Wolfcamp A, Wolfcamp B, and Spraberry  that are economical to develop in the Midland Basin. And in the Delaware, what we're doing there is we're trying to stay very focused this year on developing what we plan to develop so that we have the infrastructure in place and that we maximize the use of that infrastructure as quickly as we can before we move on to other intervals in other areas. Two of the things that we're seeing is that the third Bone Spring and the Avalon are actually starting to look very good for us around our acreage, and so we're modeling that now. And actually we'll certainly, we think, unless we just have significant improvements in some other intervals, both of those intervals will be a part of our 2016 development program.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's great. Are you still increasing lateral lengths in either basin, or where are you on that front at this point?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: Yeah, actually in the Midland Basin what we're doing there is we've drilled anywhere from 4,500 feet up to 10,000 in the Delaware Basin, and our current average there is about 6,800. But we're trying to, where we can, target drilling 7,000 to 7,500 in the Midland Basin. In the Delaware, we've drilled up to about 7,850. And actually, our average in the Delaware Basin probably is around 4,500 there. We're expecting to, in that basin, have a minimum of 4,500 going forward in the future and would like to drill maybe in the 5,000 to 5,500 range.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And maybe if I could ask one on the overall U.S. portfolio, you discussed a little bit your views on the Middle East up to this point, but where do you stand at this point on portfolio, kind of on the state of the U.S. portfolio? The dust has settled a bit on some of your 2014 activity. Are there still assets that you would view as non-core at this point that you could potentially look to market?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: The assets that we'd consider non-core in the U.S. are still Williston and Piceance. We have a South Texas asset that, when liquids prices are good, it's a great project. And actually, we have a lot of work that we could do at South Texas. The team down there has worked up a lot of potential workovers. We have a lot of drilling prospects on our South Texas acreage. So I'm just going to use this opportunity to say that, even though we're not investing growth capital dollars in any of those three assets, those teams have done an incredible job to manage their base production and optimize it, and they're optimizing it with minimal expense of any kind. They're doing a tremendous job. So we still consider there to be a lot of potential in South Texas. Williston, we simply want to monetize because of the fact that we don't have a lot of running room there. We started some larger completions at the end of last year in the Williston Basin that really showed significant improvement in our well productivity there, but because of our running room, because of the differential in the Williston, it just can't compete with our Permian Basin assets, and we don't think it ever will. So we do want to monetize it, along with the Piceance.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Could I just jump back to the cash flow neutrality debate? What would the volume outlook be in that situation, Steve? Are we just talking about staying flat or some sort of growth?
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: There'd be growth in the volumes. The reason we're investing is to grow the cash flow, so, yeah, it isn't going to be a flat volume situation. We have our own outlooks for the end of the year, what the fourth quarter production will look like, volumes, and the same thing with some view into the first quarter of next year. So I think, generally speaking, it isn't just what we have but also what we see. But I think also, I think the capital, the cracker expenditures will fall next year. Some of the midstream expenditures will fall. So the amount of capital, which doesn't add to volumes, will decline next year. So I think time we get through, I think, we're fairly close to where we need to be. I mean, we generated cash from operations in this past quarter about $1.5 billion before working capital changes. So you're talking about a $6 billion sort of run rate. Our capital spending next year would be well below the current $5.8 billion number. So it's pretty much in sight  you get a little improvement in chemicals and a few more dollars really in oil price. What's really held us back more than anything is probably NGL pricing. We weren't as negative as it turned out to be, so that's another area where I think we've been  we've been more disappointed, frankly, in NGL pricing than we have the oil pricing, which is very similar to our outlook.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Sure. You said that you were struggling to think about cash flow neutrality at $55. I'm not clear why that would be so much more difficult than thinking about it at $60.
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's another $500 million.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, okay. And I guess ultimately you've said many times that you need to grow production if you're going to grow the dividend basically, right?
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I need to grow production if I want to grow the dividend. I need to grow production if Vicki's going to attract the kind of employees she'd like to have. I think a stagnant business generates a stagnant workforce.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: The alternative would be, I guess, just to sell Oxy if you can't make it, right?
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think that you can ask her about that next quarter.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Uh, Vicki  all right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from John Herrlin of Socit Gnrale. Please go ahead.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yeah, hi. Given all of the efficiency savings you're getting in the U.S. and the Permian on drilling and completion and all that, do you have a sense of where you think your DD&A rates will go to on kind of a normalized basis?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: I think our DD&A rates are  you're talking about for the Permian Resources business in particular?
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yes.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: We're certainly headed toward DD&A of less than $15, and that sort of depends in terms of where it eventually lands, depends on our infrastructure and how we can optimize that. Thus far, we've done a really good job of building water-handling infrastructure and gas processing, gas to sales, gathering systems. So as we continue to optimize that, part of the reason that we're developing the way we are is to ensure that over time we can develop our reserves and minimize the facilities costs. So we're trying to spend the bulk of our dollars on getting the reserves out of the ground. Ultimately, we're putting together these lots of field (54:38) depletion plans, which help us to do that, and our target is to always make sure that our development of any particular area is with less than 10% of the capital spent on facilities and infrastructure.
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: As we look at DD&A, just to give you an accounting sort of answer, as you look to DD&A, you've got the historical costs when oil was $100 that are built up in there. We're adding at basically well below $15 currently, and so the finding cost currently, the incremental finding cost, is quite low. And so it just will take a while to roll through the old stuff, so it's probably going to take a couple of years or something to sort of get the bulk of the adds at the low F&D. So I think putting aside product price changes, you'll see a decline in the real finding costs over time.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Great. Yeah, I was just wondering about the timing of it.
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: It just depends on how fast you DD&A the historic cost, because that's what's holding it back.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay, great. Next one for me is on Howard County. You said you had some very good performers there, and it's newly acquired properties. Is that something that you would accelerate? Or it's just part of the program?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: Actually, we're trying to stay disciplined in terms of how much we accelerate, so we'll do more drilling there. We do have drilling planned there. It'll be at a moderate pace through this year because we have other areas that are pretty good as well. If we see over time that, on a consistent basis, that that's tremendously higher than anything else we have in the Midland Basin, we'll certainly go over and try to accelerate that, but with minimal incremental cost.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott (sic) [Matt] Portillo of TPH. Please go ahead.
Matthew M. Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning, all. Just a quick question on the Permian. I wanted to follow up in regards to the inventory update. I was curious, as we think about both the Wolfcamp A and the Wolfcamp B, what are some of the underlying assumptions from a downspacing perspective? And if you're testing any further downspacing in regards to stacked staggered development in the play?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: In the Wolfcamp A and the Wolfcamp B, we're being very careful not to downspace too much. So we have some pilots in place, and we have some reservoir modeling ongoing to ensure that we're spacing those wells appropriately. We're not going to drill wells where we have interference issues, so we're trying to maximize the reserves we get on a per-well basis. So downspacing is not something that we've built into our program. However, the staggered completions between the Wolfcamp A and B is something that certainly we're going to do to ensure that there's no risk of communication between a Wolfcamp A and a Wolfcamp B well.
Matthew M. Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great. And just a follow-up to both the inventory update in the Wolfcamp B and then just potentially some color around well performance, you've provided a lot of detail in the past on the Wolfcamp A 30-day rates, and I think you've mentioned a type curve of up to 900,000 MBOE for your short laterals. I was curious how the Wolfcamp B wells look in comparison to that, and as we think about kind of the inventory added from 650,000 to 800,000, (58:22) was that based on delineation of additional wells on your acreage in the basin?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: Yeah, the incremental wells was additional delineation, and the Wolfcamp B, with respect to the Wolfcamp A, is  while the Wolfcamp B is prospective and delivers some better than cost of capital returns, it's not as prolific as the Wolfcamp A in either the Midland Basin nor the Delaware. However, we think there are opportunities to continue to improve the recovery from the Wolfcamp A, where we're doing, as I said, on each of our target intervals more modeling to try to get to the point where we can optimize the Wolfcamp B.
Matthew M. Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our last question today comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning. If we look at  on slides 29 and 32, you highlight your focus acreage in the context of your broader large Permian position. Can you update us on strategically your plan for the acreage within the Delaware and Midland that are not in the focused acreage, either to delineate, to sell, or to hold, whether those priorities change in a low oil environment? And then also your level of interest and realistic opportunity to expand your acreage positions in the Permian proximate to your focus acreage?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oxy Oil and Gas  Americas: So we have no intention to sell any of our acreage that's designated non-focus right now. The difference between our focus areas and not is the fact that our focus areas are those that we feel like we could put in development mode today or are in development mode today. The ones that are not considered focus right now are the ones that are still in appraisal mode, and we consider those areas to be prospective, but in the interest of trying to ensure that the infrastructure dollars that we spend are used and we get the benefit of that quicker, we're being pretty disciplined about where we spend and how we develop. So the non-focus areas are ones that we're preparing for development in the future. We at this point today don't have any acreage that we would consider for sale today. We have some acreage that falls way down the priority list and are things that we would get to years and years from now, so that, at some point, we might take a look at. Do we try to trade that to move into areas where it better fits where we're currently operating? And in terms of continuing to appraise, we still have the Central Basin platform where we haven't been drilling as of yet, or many unconventionals. I think we have a couple drilled, but we still have that to assess. So the good thing is that we have a tremendous inventory. The challenge with that is we're always looking at ways to try to accelerate but to do it in a way that's not value destructive. And so we're trying to moderate our pace and trying to ensure that we have things fully evaluated before we move to development.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks. And my follow up is on the midstream marketing business. Can you just talk to what you all see as the ongoing cash generation potential there and then how you're thinking about that business strategically?
Stephen I. Chazen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think that it's still in a heavy  and basically it's supportive of the Permian business. That's really what it does. And they're still really spending more money than they're taking in, because they continue to build out to support the production business. People talk  it doesn't make any sense to us, given our financials position, to do anything to increase the fixed charges against the rest of the business by selling debt-like instruments called MLP units that go against that and increase our fixed charges. Fixed charges are okay at $100 oil, but not so much fun in a $50 environment, and I think that's  people miss that, that  just like interest. So I think on the cash flow generation, right now it basically is neutral to maybe slightly negative, as they continue to build out either gas plants or pipelines. At some point I think it'll probably generate $400 million, $500 million a year in free cash flow, but I think we're probably a year or two from that.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's question and answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Degner for any closing remarks.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, everyone, for joining our call today. And I know it's a busy season. Thanks.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Christopher G. Stavros - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oil & Gas Americas Edward A. Lowe - Vice President and President, Oil and Gas International Production
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corp. first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chris Degner, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Rocco. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's first quarter 2015 conference call. On the call with us today are Steve Chazen, Oxy's President and Chief Executive Officer; Vicki Hollub, Senior Executive Vice of Occidental and President, Oxy Oil and Gas; Chris Stavros, Chief Financial Officer; Willie Chiang, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Operations. In just a moment I will turn the call over to our CEO, Steve Chazen, who will provide an updated outlook for 2015. Our CFO, Chris Stavros, will review our financial and operating results for the first quarter and also provide some guidance for 2015; followed by Vicki Hollub who will provide an update of our activities in the Permian Basin. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause the results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our first quarter 2015 earnings press, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules, our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Steve Chazen. Steve, please go ahead.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Chris. Yesterday we announced that Vicki Hollub has been named to head our worldwide oil company and will succeed me as CEO when I retire. Both of us will be visiting shareholders either at conferences or in their offices over the next few months. My commitment is to remain in place until the board and Vicki feel it is time for me to move on but not any longer. Vicki has worked for Oxy for over 30 years. She's had a number of very challenging assignments over the years including operations manager in Ecuador and Russia. In our California assets, she reorganized the business and changed its processes so that it would be stable in a wide range of product prices. She has built our Permian Resources business into a sustainable, profitable growth engine for Oxy. She's an accomplished team builder, has the confidence of executives and employees throughout the business. She also has had the misfortune of officing next to me for the last couple of years. The Board, of which I'm a part, has worked on this succession plan for the last two years. The directors interviewed a number of executives and considered both internal and external candidates. In the current volatile business climate, our view is that an experienced, successful executive who knows our business well is the best choice. You will find Vicki to be a thoughtful, engaging and agent of change for Oxy. Yesterday we also announced a dividend increase of just over 4%. This is our 13th consecutive year that we've raised our dividend. We carefully considered our future capital needs and likely cash flows. Our current estimates are that we should be able to continue to grow our dividend for many years into the future. The new ethylene cracker, which comes on in 2017, provides a substantial boost in distributable cash from our already-important chemical business. Our base oil business in Abu Dhabi, Oman and the Permian EOR will all support our cash flow and grow modestly over time. Without profitable growth the company will not prosper. High rates of growth and cash flow and profits will come from our Permian Resources business. We remain mindful of the need to pay close attention for drilling for profits not just volume growth. Our overall financial strength gives us confidence that we'll be able to spend what we need in a range of product prices and still grow our dividends. I'd like to lay out our goals for 2015 and how we have planned to adjust to lower commodity prices. Our principal goal for the year is to achieve cash flow neutrality where our operating cash flow covers our capital spending and dividend outlays by the fourth quarter of this year at around $60 per barrel oil prices. We will achieve this goal through deploying our capital and operating cost savings into further production and cash flow growth driven mostly by our Permian Resources segment and the startup of the Al Hosn gas project. Year-to-date we estimate that about $400 million is in captured cost reductions. We expect our 2015 capital outlays to be less than our $5.8 billion budget and some of the savings will be redeployed into Permian Resources. In short we are learning to do more with less and expect continued improvement in productivity through the year. The Permian Resources segment has made considerable progress over the last six months improving our capital efficiency. As slide six illustrates we have at least 16 years of inventory with returns that exceed our cost of capital at oil prices less than $60. Through continued reduction in drilling and completion costs, improvements in productivity, we will lower our finding and development costs and increase our inventory of well locations with returns that exceed our cost of capital. In addition to improved capital efficiency, we expect to see improvement in our cash operating costs with reduced workload activity, lower energy costs and a larger base of production. This improved cost structure gives us confidence in driving production growth. In the first quarter of 2015 we grew U.S. oil production by 9,000 barrels a day, a 5% gain over quarter-over-quarter and 14% year-over-year. Production growth was driven by our Permian Resources assets which produced 98,000 BOE a day in first quarter of 2015, a 46% increase year-over-year. Oil production growth in Permian Resources was stronger with a 25,000 barrels per day increase year-over-year. Given the strong start to 2015 we are increasing our full year guidance for the Permian Resources segment from 100,000 BOE a day to 105,000 to 108,000 BOE per day. The Al Hosn gas project started up in January with one train online. During the start-up process production was curtailed to modify the sulfur and NGL processing units. These adjustments were completed in late April and the plant was restarted. We expect to ramp-up production through the second quarter and to average (7:13) we expect production of 35,000 BOE a day with the plant running at full capacity in the second half of the year. Despite a lower capital program we expect production growth of 60,000 to 80,000 BOE per day in 2015 driven by the start-up of the Al Hosn gas project and the focused development program we will run in our Permian Resources segment. In the United States we expect oil production growth of about 8% partially offset by declines in NGLs and natural gas production. Vicki Hollub will provide further details in the outlook for the U.S. oil and gas business. As we capture price savings from suppliers and improve the efficiency of operations we are able to do more with less spending. Our capital run rate in the first quarter was higher than the $5.8 billion full year level and will decline through the year given our large acreage position, deep inventory with the flexibility to defer drilling and appraisal activities. Although we will likely outspend our cash flow in the first half of the year, we expect that by the fourth quarter our operating cash flow will cover our capital expenditures and dividend payments, assuming a $60 per barrel oil-price environment. We have approximately 69 million shares remaining on our current share repurchase authorization. We will continue to repurchase shares subject to stock price and market conditions and expect to ultimately repurchase the entire amount. Now I'll turn the call over to Chris Stavros for a review of our financial results.
Christopher G. Stavros - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. We generated core income of $31 million for the first quarter of 2015 resulting in diluted earnings per share of $0.04, a decrease from both the year ago quarter and fourth quarter of 2014. The decline in core earnings is primarily due to lower commodity prices for all products. Our realized oil price for the first quarter of $48.50 a barrel was down about $23.00 a barrel sequentially. U.S. natural gas prices also declined, down more than a dollar, to about $2.50 per MCF. NGL prices also fell sharply to just under $18 a barrel in the first quarter, down about 35% from last year's fourth quarter. In response to the current price environment we have aggressively ramped down our capital program focusing our development activity in our core areas of the Permian Basin and parts of the Middle East with an emphasis on growing our production volumes more efficiently. We have also renegotiated many of our supplier contracts which should result in meaningful savings this year, which Steve outlined. The combination of reduced drilling activity, the wind down of spending for the Al Hosn project, and improved well cost efficiencies resulted in our total capital spending falling to $1.7 billion in the first quarter from $3 billion in fourth quarter of last year. As Steve noted earlier, we expect to be running cash-flow neutral after capital spending and payment of our dividends by the fourth quarter this year at oil prices of roughly $60 a barrel. Despite the cut in capital, we continued our strong domestic production growth generated from our Permian Resources assets. Permian Resources grew its oil production 68% in the first quarter, adding 25,000 barrels per day compared to the year-ago period with total BOE growth of 46%. Permian Resources oil production improved by 11,000 barrels per day or 22% sequentially to 62,000 barrels a day in the first quarter. Turning to the specific business segments, oil and gas core after-tax earnings for the first quarter of 2015 were $109 million, $259 million lower than the fourth quarter of 2014 and $851 million lower than last year's first quarter. For the first quarter of 2015, total company oil and gas production volumes averaged 645,000 BOE per day, an increase of 29,000 BOE in daily production from the fourth quarter and 72,000 BOE per day from the same period a year ago. As I mentioned earlier, our first quarter of 2015 worldwide realized oil price fell sharply, declining by 32% and 51% compared to the fourth and first quarters of last year. After-tax core results for our domestic oil and gas operations were a loss of $89 million, compared with income of $59 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 and income of $412 million in the first quarter of 2014. Results on both a sequential and year-over-year basis at our domestic operations were severely impacted by much lower realized oil prices, and to lesser degree, lower NGL and natural gas prices. The negative price impact was partially offset by lower DD&A rates and higher crude oil production volumes for both comparative periods. Total domestic oil and gas production averaged 326,000 BOE per day during first quarter of 2015, up 5,000 BOE per day sequentially and 24,000 BOE per day on a year-over-year basis, with substantially all of the increase coming from Permian Resources. Domestic oil production was 198,000 barrels per day during the first quarter of 2015, an increase of 9,000 barrels per day from the fourth quarter and 25,000 barrels per day from the year-ago quarter. International after-tax core income was $200 million for the first quarter of 2015 compared to $355 million from the fourth quarter and $553 million from the same period last year. The decline for both periods was driven by lower realized oil prices. International oil and gas production volumes rose by 24,000 BOE per day on a sequential quarterly basis to 319,000 BOE per day in the first quarter of 2015. Approximately half of the increases to production both year-over-year and sequentially resulted from lower prices affecting our production sharing contracts. Commencement of production from the Al Hosn gas project added 9,000 BOE per day in the quarter. Production at Al Hosn for the quarter was less than anticipated as during the start-up of production, during the ramp, we experienced some commissioning-related issues on the sulfur recovery units. Modifications have now been made and we anticipate reaching full productive capacity at Al Hosn over the coming months. Our oil and gas cash operating costs fell to $13.36 per BOE for the first quarter of 2015 compared to $14.18 from the fourth quarter of last year due to the benefit of higher production and lower energy costs. DD&A for the first quarter of 2015 was $15.35 per BOE compared to $18.09 per BOE during the fourth quarter. Taxes other than on income which are directly related to product prices were $1.63 per BOE for the first quarter of this year compared to $2.45 per BOE for the full year of last year, 2014. Our first quarter exploration expense was $8 million. Chemicals first quarter 2015 pre-tax core earnings were $139 million compared with $160 million in the fourth quarter and $136 million in the same period a year ago. The sequential decrease in earnings primarily reflected lower prices for most product lines and lower caustic soda volumes products, partially offset by lower ethylene and natural gas feedstock costs. Midstream pre-tax core results were a loss of $5 million for the first quarter compared to income of $168 million in the fourth quarter and $96 million in the same period a year ago. The decline in results for both comparative periods was caused by several factors including lower marketing margins as a result of tighter Midland to Gulf Coast crude oil differentials, lower gas plant income which reflected sharply lower NGL prices, lower pipeline income due to a turnaround at the Dolphin plant, as well as lower third party gas sales combined with the impact from our reduced ownerships in the Plains Pipeline GP after the fourth quarter sale of a portion of these units. Our cash flow from continuing operations before working capital changes was approximately $1.1 billion for the first quarter of this year. During the fourth quarter of 2014, our accrued capital spending and operating expenses were based on a work program that was significantly higher than the first quarter of this year. As we ramped down activity in the first quarter, our capital accruals declined and our net working capital declined. We used about $1 billion in the first quarter of 2015 for payments related to the higher capital operating expenses that were accrued at year end 2014. As we continue to reduce activity in the second quarter, we expect to see further working capital usage as we reduce our accounts payables. However, we expect this to be at a lower rate. This trend is normal in a commodity down cycle and one that we would expect to dissipate by the third quarter as we reach a more stable level of capital spending. Should we see a continued recovery in crude oil prices and increase our drilling activity, we would expect this trend to reverse and see positive working capital movements. Total company capital expenditures for the first quarter of 2015 were $1.7 billion and we expect our quarterly expenditures to continue to ramp down through the year. Oil and gas spent $1.5 billion with Permian Resources expenditures comprising nearly 50% of the total, with the remaining $200 million split about evenly between chemicals and midstream. Based on our lower pace of spending in the first quarter and continued cost efficiency gains, we expect our total capital spending for the year to be below our original guidance of $5.8 billion. Our fourth quarter 2015 exit rate of capital would imply an annualized spending level of approximately $4 billion. We paid cash dividends of $557 million in the first quarter and purchased 2.7 [audio skip] (16:51) of our shares for $207 million. Our cash balance at the end of the first quarter of 2015 was $5.4 billion. As a reminder, we currently hold shares in the Plains GP and California Resources Corporation with an aggregate value of about $3 billion. With respect to CRC we continue to own 71.5 million shares currently valued at about $600 million. We are required to dispose of all of these shares within approximately a year through either a dividend to our shareholders or in an exchange for either Oxy shares or debt. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 17% at the end of the first quarter 2015. The worldwide effective tax rate on our core income was 75% for the first quarter of 2015. The increase in the rate reflects a higher proportion of international income for the first quarter. With respect to our oil and gas production, domestically, we expect our oil production for the second quarter to grow by 5,000 barrels per day with the increase coming from Permian Resources. Permian Resources is expected to grow its overall volumes by more than 7,000 BOE per day in the second quarter. Our Midcontinent gas production is expected to decline from the first quarter levels resulting in an overall domestic sequential growth rate of at least 4,000 BOE per day. We expect our international production volumes to increase by about 15,000 BOE per day in the second quarter. The increase should come primarily from improving production rates at Al Hosn which we expect to be about 25,000 BOE per day, and offset by the loss of production in Yemen due to the civil unrest and security issues in the country. Although the contract in Yemen was set to expire at the end of this year, we anticipate no further production volumes from the country in 2015. For reference, Yemen contributed approximately 9,000 barrels per day in the first quarter. As Steve mentioned in his opening remarks we have raised our full year 2015 guidance for production growth to a range of 60,000 to 80,000 BOE per day, an increase of 20,000 BOE per day versus our previous guidance. We expect full year production in Permian Resources to be in the range of 105 and 108,000 BOE per day, a year-over-year increase of more than 40%. Overall, domestic volumes are expected to increase to over 325,000 BOE per day, at least 5% higher than 2014. Internationally we expect full year volumes from Al Hosn to be approximately 35,000 BOE per day. Should oil prices move higher, our production volumes could be negatively impacted by our production sharing contracts. Price changes at current global prices affect our quarterly earnings before income taxes by $30 million for a dollar per barrel change in oil prices and $7 million for a dollar per barrel change in NGL prices. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices affects quarterly pre-tax earnings by about $15 million. Our second quarter 2015 exploration expense is anticipated to be about $35 million pre-tax. We expect our second quarter 2015 pre-tax chemical earnings to be about $185 million, and second quarter midstream earnings should be in the range of $100 million pre-tax as we anticipate higher gas sales from the Dolphin pipeline and improved marketing margins as a result of wider inland versus Gulf Coast crude oil price differentials. We expect our interest expense to rise to about $42 million in the second quarter from $28 million in the first quarter as the start of Al Hosn reduces our capitalized interest. Using current strip prices for oil and gas we expect our 2015 domestic tax rate to be 36% and our international tax rates to remain at about 65%. To summarize, we've demonstrated strong year-over-year production growth of nearly 13% in the first quarter bolstered by our Permian Resources unit. The performance of this business combined with growing volumes from Al Hosn provides us with confidence to raise our guidance on 2015 production growth. We expect the growth in our volumes combined with the reduction on our capital spending and improving efficiencies to lead us to a cash flow neutral position by the fourth quarter at oil prices of around $60. I'll now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub who will provide an update on our operations in the Permian Basin.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oil & Gas Americas: Thank you, Chris. Today I'll first review the highlights of our Permian Resources and Permian EOR activities in the first quarter, and then I'll provide guidance on our program for remainder of 2015. I'd like to highlight a few key messages. First, Permian Resources performance is exceeding expectations. Second, our core Permian unconventional programs generate strong returns in the current environment and we believe they will get even stronger through our focus on execution excellence. Finally, our Permian portfolio is unmatched in the industry. The combination of our assets in Permian Resources and EOR along with the expertise and commitment of our teams will allow us to grow the business and live within cash flow in a $60 oil environment. In the first quarter Permian Resources achieved daily production of 98,000 BOE per day which is a 17% increase from the 84,000 BOE per day that were produced in the fourth quarter, and a 46% increase versus the prior year. With regard to oil, we produced 62,000 barrels per day for the first quarter. This is a 68% increase from a year ago and a 22% increase from the previous quarter. We would have achieved even higher production, but were negatively impacted by approximately 4,000 BOE per day by winter weather events in January. During the first quarter, our capital expenditures were $728 million. We operated 25 rigs and drilled 86 wells including 61 horizontal wells. We placed 126 wells on production including 67 horizontals. This is an increase of 20 horizontal wells from the previous quarter. At the end of the quarter 16 wells were on flow back and 48 were not yet completed. Permian Resources has a large inventory of profitable wells to develop in a low price environment and we are successfully implementing four actions that are reducing the economic hurdle point of our inventory. First, we are investing reservoir characterization and optimization to improve well productivity. Second, we are applying enhanced manufacturing principles to improve time to market and reduce costs. Third, we are aggressively working with suppliers to lower cost. Lastly, we are enhancing base management and maintenance operations to maximize production at minimal operating cost. In the fourth quarter of last year we began transitioning from appraisal mode to a targeted development program utilizing a manufacturing approach combined with integrated planning and engineering. This has reduced nonproductive time, maximized the efficiencies of pad drilling including the use of zipper fracs, and has reduced infrastructure cost. As a result of efforts we have achieved significantly improved well delivery and well costs. In the Delaware Basin our Wolfcamp A 4500-foot well cost decreased by 24% from 2014's cost of $10.9 million to a current cost of $8.3 million. We reduced our spud to rig release time by 17 days from 2014's average of 43 days to March's average of 26 days. In the Midland Basin we reduced the cost of our Spraberry 10,000-foot wells by 19% from 2014's cost of $9.7 million to a current cost of $7.9 million. In New Mexico we reduced the cost of our Bone Spring wells by 14% to $5.7 million. These reductions were achieved by implementing design enhancements such as two-string casing design, optimizing bottom hole assemblies and bits, and utilizing drilling dynamics to improve rates of penetration. Additionally we continue to achieve reductions in our commercial rates. Based on the results achieved so far, we are confident that by the end of this year we can achieve an average well cost that is 20 to 25% lower than in 2014. In the Delaware Basin we've currently identified 4,600 horizontal development locations. We have 1,500 horizontal locations ready for development, including 800 sites in the Wolfcamp A bench. The majority of these locations are in our operated areas of Reeves County. In New Mexico, our Bone Spring potential is equally as significant, with 1,500 potential locations. And in the Delaware in Q1 we operated 10 horizontal drilling rigs and two vertical rigs. We drilled 45 wells and placed 64 wells on production. In Barilla Draw we placed 18 horizontal wells on production in the Wolfcamp A benches. These wells achieved an average peak rate of 1,371 BOE per day and a 30-day rate of 1017. In the last call I discussed the Peck State 258 #6H well which achieved a 30 day rate of 1,760 BOE per day. I'm excited to report this well is still producing over 1,000 barrels of oil per day after four months of production. We continue to achieve encouraging results with our efforts to improve landing zones, optimized cluster spacing, and increased sand in concentrations. For example our Eagle State 28#6H well reached an average peak rate of 2037 BOE per day and 30 day rate of 1470 BOE per day. Additionally, our Peregrine 27#8H well achieved peak rate of 1768 BOE per day and 30 day rate of 1309 per day. In New Mexico, the performance of our Bone Spring wells continues to exceed our expectations. Recently our Cedar Canyon 15 Federal 5H was placed online with an average peak rate of 1322 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 1127. In the Midland Basin, we've currently identified 2500 horizontal well locations with 1,050 in Spraberry and Wolfcamp A and B benches. In the first quarter here we operated 11 horizontal drilling rigs and two vertical rigs. We drilled 41 wells and placed 62 wells on production. Now I'd like to update you on Merchant, which is a new area in the Midland Basin that we mentioned last quarter. We launched into development mode early in this area and are drilling multi-well pads along with zipper frac completions. Our Wolfcamp A and B have achieved an average peak rate of 1408 per day, a 30 day rate of 1145 and a 60 day rate of 844. Our current well cost is $7.9 million, but we expect to lower it to $6.9 million as we move forward. The Merchant 1411A well that we discussed last quarter achieved six months' cumulative oil production of 100,000 barrels and equivalent production of 108,000 BOEs. I'd also like to provide an update on our Permian EOR business which provides a stable and low decline base to our production at an advantaged cost. As we discussed last quarter our Permian EOR business remains profitable in the current downturn and we are continuing to make investments in these projects that significantly increase oil production from our portfolio of large conventional reservoirs. The EOR business is expected to generate free cash flow this year even in the current oil price environment. Continued investment in these long-life projects during the current market will result in more efficient construction costs which will yield a strong base for future growth in resources. During the first quarter, we authorized the first portion of the North Hobbs phase II-A expansion project. The project will develop 13.7 million BOE of reserves for development costs of $13.82 per BOE. The phase II project builds on the success of the North Hobbs phase I project where CO2 flooding has added a sustained 5,300 barrels of oil per day that had a peak of 7,000 barrels of oil per day to the unit's production since the project began 12 years ago. Another significant EOR project in currently progress is the Denver Unit: Battery 5 redevelopment which we will yield 21 million BOE of net reserves for a development cost of $4.80 per BOE. This project is typical of many opportunities to develop and comingle both the main oil column and the residual oil zone in the same well bore. The Battery 5 project includes the deepening of almost 150 main oil column producing wells to the residual oil zone. Year-to-date EOR is ahead of plan and meeting our aggressive cost improvement targets which includes a $65 million reduction in well maintenance. By applying manufacturing concepts to well repair we have reduced our rig hours per repair by 20%. This is allowing us to reduce operating costs while maintaining our base production. In closing, we will continue to execute a focused development strategy in 2015 and we'll also continue to pursue step changes and well productivity and cost structure. For the remainder of 2015, we plan to operate an average of 13 drilling rigs to drill 150 wells in Permian Resources. This is a higher activity level than previously planned, but we believe investing the efficiency gains is the prudent action to take. As Chris said we expect to produce an average of 105,000 to 108,000 BOE per day in 2015 which exceeds our previously-stated target of 100,000 BOE per day. Strong production growth from our resources business along with a high volume, low capital intensive EOR business keeps us well positioned to not only meets the challenges of this lower price environment but also to profitably grow our combined Permian businesses. Now I'll turn the call back to Chris Degner.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Vicki. I think we'll now open the call up for questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. And, Vicki, congratulations. It's nice to get that issue behind us. Looking forward to seeing what you're going to do next. I guess I've got two questions, if I may. The first one is the Al Hosn guidance. I just wonder if you could explain the difference between what you suggested at the beginning of the year and what you're looking at now in terms of the reduction in full year expectations. Then I've got a follow-up please.
Edward A. Lowe - Vice President and President, Oil and Gas International Production: Yeah, Doug, this is Sandy Lowe. Plant started up and we have 25% sulfur recovery there. And some of the sulfur units weren't working quite properly so we took them offline, made some modifications. Today the plant is back up to 45% of production, which is about 25,000 BOEs to us and we should be back up at peak production of 1 million a day at the end of the month, beginning of next month. So the guidance that's given already by Chris should be good for the year.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch: I guess I had a couple of other issues I was going to touch on, Sandy, but taking advantage of you being there, maybe I'll make my second one on your region if I may.
Edward A. Lowe - Vice President and President, Oil and Gas International Production: Sure.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch: There's been a fair amount of chatter around both the Adnoc concessions, obviously your  the slowdown, it seems, in terms of asset monetization in the region and finally the prospect of extensions in the Oman contracts. I'm just wondering if you could give us a kind of general update as to how those things stand, and I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Edward A. Lowe - Vice President and President, Oil and Gas International Production: Well, I can guide you only as to what you see in the press on the Adnoc concessions. Everybody who's involved is still bound by a confidentiality agreement. The press has been reasonably forthcoming in that respect. As far as asset monetization, this  well, you know, when the price of oil dipped like it is, we have kind of two issues. People want to pay less for it and also they don't have quite as much money to get into it. So things are somewhat held in abeyance at the moment in that regard. And the last question I believe was about Oman, we're in discussions at the moment. We're now at record-breaking production in our block nine, which is the one under discussion of over 100,000 barrels a day. So everybody's happy with that. And so we're just ironing out the details of a new contract with the government.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch: Any timeline? Because I believe that contract expires this year, Sandy. So what's the prognosis if you don't get it done in the next six months?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't think there'll be an issue with that. So it will be  if it weren't quite complete, I'm sure they would extend us.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch: All right. Steve, maybe I will just squeeze just one more in given that you jumped in there. The pace of buybacks given that your stock has lagged -- just curious on your thought process. Then I will leave it there. Thank you.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We continue to buy the stock back on weakness. And so you should expect that we'll buy back shares over the next year or so and eventually get to our target. The exact date or exact number each quarter, just hard to tell.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America  Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks a lot, everybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys, and congratulations as well to Vicki. My first question is a strategic question. Oxy was in the midst of a restructuring and successfully unlocking value prior to the cycle turn and positioned you well with large cash position into this downturn. I know there's some leadership transition here yet. How has the cycle changed your restructuring outlook? I know you just mentioned the MENA asset divestiture or the partial divestiture. But does it alter your view as it relates to midstream or chemicals? And given the balance sheet and does it change your willingness to add resource and accelerate that shift here?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sort of a complicated question. The downturn  the cycle of course is  we expect if it stays volatile, whatever that means, we'd expect opportunities to show up during the cycle either to repurchase our stock or to buy other assets just depending on what's going on. Right now the asset market is quite expensive, so there's no reason to believe we'll do much of that. As far as the Middle East assets are concerned, they fall into two classes of asset. Those that are  where we've already spent the money and we're clipping coupons, which seem fairly attractive in a more-volatile oil price environment. And those that are more volatile and follow normal trends which seem less attractive in this environment. So I think that's where we are. Some of those assets require some work and probably in the end divestiture or discontinuation of work there. As far as the chemical business is concerned, the chemical business, once the ethylene cracker is on and the business becomes fully integrated with ethylene, its cash flow will be substantially larger than it is now. And I think that would be the appropriate time to look at whatever makes sense to do. I think if you do it too early, you're going to wind up undervaluing the asset. So I think we're a couple of years away. Of course, I'll be watching that from the beach. But  so you can ask Vicki at the time what she wants to do.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. That's helpful. Maybe let me ask a different question that's kind of I guess the reverse direction of where we were just headed. Prior to the downturn, you discussed going to 54 horizontal rigs in the Permian by the end of 2016. You're at 21 active now. I know you just de-ramped, yet how are you approaching a potential re-ramp in activity given your potentially higher long-term goals? Is incremental free cash flow how you will drive that rate of incremental spend?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm going to answer first then we'll let Vicki answer. You might get two different answers. But I think generally, in the most attractive asset we have at almost any product price environment is the Permian business. Maybe some in the EOR business but also in the Resource business. Any money we have that's excess is going wind up there. We've already  I think Vicki mentioned it  we've changed the number of rigs we're going to run by the end of the year. We're still looking at that. We got a lot of locations that work in a $60, $65 environment. If we start a well today, we won't see the production really until the third  late in the third or the fourth quarter. And we've gotten a lot better at bringing the stuff to market faster because the times have really shortened. That's why we're having a hard time keeping up with our estimates. I think our estimates are still  have room. But I think what we're going to try to do  so we may put some more rigs to work depending on the environment. Our view on this is different than maybe some others. You get  if you put the stuff on production, these wells work. There's no issue about the returns or whatever. If oil prices move up you'll get 90% to 95% of that change in that well, because you have a little bit of production this year some oil prices are higher next year, you're going get 90% of that. I think this  if there is a boost in prices I think in the end completion costs will start to rise, not fall. So we may be at the part where you want to finish the wells. And I don't  when you got a lot of locations  we've got thousands of locations  any locations that you put off for now, you've delayed drilling for 10 years from now, effectively, because you've moved them to the back of the line. So our view is that you drill through this environment. You reap the returns that are there now. Oil prices move up, you're going get the bulk of that. I think delaying your production, because you know what oil prices are going be next year seems to me to be, you know  if people do know, I wish they'd send me an email so I could get rich.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oil & Gas Americas: I think I'll go with what Steve said. But just to build on that, I'd like to say that we're certainly keeping our team intact and ensuring that everybody is  has the resources necessary to prepare us to be able to maximize our flexibility. We're continuing to work on development plans in the areas that are not our core areas, because there's certainly a lot of opportunities where with increased prices we could start to ramp up and have lots of opportunities available beyond the core areas we're currently developing. So what we're doing is laying out those plans, evaluating those and starting to go ahead and permit. And just so that we can  if prices do go up we can ramp up rigs more efficiently than we have in the past.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just one last one: is there any comment on an optimal pace to retain the efficiencies that you're realizing today?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oil & Gas Americas: One of the things we're trying to do is make sure we maintain a minimum level of rigs in order to continue improving our efficiency, because you make a good point. You can't really get efficient if you're not actually out doing the work. And that's one thing that's provided us a lot of benefit here. In all areas we have continued operations, as you've seen on the charts, we've gained significant efficiencies. At Merchant where we  that's kind of a new startup where we don't have those efficiencies yet, but we're starting to see those coming as well. So we think it's critically important to maintain a certain level of activity with not only rigs, but the frac companies that you're using and the other service providers as well.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Guy Baber of Simmons & Company. Please go ahead.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Good morning, everybody. Congrats on nice quarter, and, Vicki, congratulations to you as well. My first question was on cost structure, but obviously you've been very successful in reducing your cost structure in recent months. You've mentioned $400 million in savings. Can you discuss where you are in that process? Where you see that number potentially going? And then if you could also just discuss for us how much of that you see as structural and permanent versus temporary and what might reverse when prices begin to rise again? Just trying to understand how that outlook might be structurally proving on the cost front. Then I have a follow-up.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oil & Gas Americas: The cost structure that we're trying to get to is, we currently have some of our contracts with suppliers tied to oil prices, so some of those contracts will go up with oil prices. However, the majority of our contracts for the drilling rigs and for our frac providers are not necessarily tied to an oil pricing index. So what we're really trying to do is get more efficient. And we expect that the cost structure that we're going to achieve by fourth quarter is going be one that does have some exposure to flexibility in prices, but I don't believe that more than 60% to 70% of our cost structure improvement will be associated with oil price changes.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. And then I had a follow-up on  I wanted to talk a little bit more about the Permian and capital allocation. But obviously results in the Permian have improved very rapidly and considerably just in the last six months or so. So the question is, does that rapid improvement really change your view of capital allocation relative to what you would have thought six months or a year ago? Meaning, are you much more likely now to commit incremental discretionary capital to the Permian? Or perhaps even look for acquisition opportunities and bolt-ons as opposed to the buy-back versus one year ago. Just hoping you can elaborate on most recent thoughts there? And what those improvements to the Permian really mean?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the Permian is obviously doing well. And we continue to put what's prudent into it. And we'll continue to focus on it. But as it generates better results, it generates more cash. And that cash a lot, the bulk of that will be reinvested in continuation as long as it does what it's currently doing. Facts are, the reason we sort of are running ahead of our outlook was simply because we didn't think we would be quite this good. So  and we continue to run ahead of outlook in our plans and we  so I think there's still room there. I think the buy-back question is quite a different one. We need to reduce the number of shares outstanding over time. And we'll do that, but just as important we need to increase our cash flow so that we can continue to have more free cash flow to  for dividends and share repurchases. That's really and the purpose  at the very beginning I said you have to focus on the fact that you can't just save and cut back and that's going to make it better. If you don't invest and you start to decline, you're going to have a hard time recovering from it because you have a decline curve and you're declining against it, and you're starting up again. So our objective is to continue to grow the volumes through the year. And to the extent we can unless you get a collapse in product prices. And then the free cash flow that that will generate over the next year can be used to enhance the dividend or repurchase shares.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: That's very helpful. Thanks for the comments, Steve.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes. Congratulations, Vicki. Two questions again on the Permian, it's probably going be a theme. You have a great slide in the deck just in terms of drilling days and getting from your 26 days down to a target of 16. What's the key thing you're doing differently? Is it just as simple as just getting to an efficiency mode or is there other things you need to do to get to the best in class? And then I've got a question on completions.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oil & Gas Americas: In terms of the drilling days, one of the things our team is doing is they're taking an evaluation of the formations that we're drilling through and modeling what it takes in terms of the weight on our bit and rotation of the bit to really design exactly how much we should do, how fast we should rotate the bit. And how much weight we should put on it by interval. And it's a process that's called mechanical-specific energy and that's one of the processes that's helped us to significantly reduce our drilling days, that, along with the fact that we're better managing our mud systems and we've seen a lot of improvement there. We're seeing significant reduction in nonproductive time during our drilling operations. So  and part of that  a good part of the nonproductive time reduction is due to the efficiencies of our teams and the scheduling. Some of that is due as well to the fact that the Permian is not as stretched in terms of the support system now that activity is lower. So it's a combination of a lot of things but the thing I'm most excited about is the engineering that our teams are doing on the wells. And that's sustainable. So the drilling-day reduction is one of the things from a cost structure standpoint improvement that's sustainable and that's  we haven't been able to apply that everywhere yet, like in Merchant. That's one of the things that's going to help us further improve our drilling efficiency in Merchant. It's really based on some incredible work with teams especially with respect to the engineering aspect of what we're doing.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): My second question on completions, I was down at the Offshore Technology Conference, which they may as well call the Onshore and Offshore Technology Conference. Obviously there's a lot of new technology. Could you give a sense of any pilots or new solutions which you see driving the EUR improvements or lowering the cost.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oil & Gas Americas: One of the things that we've been trying, and we are not prepared yet to talk about the results, but we've used several different techniques to isolate how we inject and place our proppant within the horizontal section of the well. And we feel like that that's the next area that we feel has the most opportunity for improvement. That's getting the most contact with your proppant through the formation. So it's getting the most surface area contact in order to create the conduits through the well bore. What we felt is that if we could isolate our stages with just single clusters rather than two to three to four clusters per stage, that we could more efficiently frac the formation. We've tried some of that and we've tried various types of tools to help us do that. We're in the process of evaluating those results now and hope to have some things that we can share in the next three to six months.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks very much. Good luck.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Todd of Deutsche. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, and congratulations, Vicki. Maybe another follow-up question on the Permian. You have some slides in there that update on well cost deflation in the Permian. Can you  I guess with the 2014 level, a current level and a target level, I guess can you talk a little bit about where the current level of well costs are relative to what you implied in the 2015 budget? And then is the target well costs kind of a year end 2015 target? Is that an eventually full blown development program target? I guess maybe talk a little bit about how much of that is from service cost deflation versus improved efficiencies.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oil & Gas Americas: Yeah, the target that we're trying to achieve, we already have achieved that with some of our wells. So the current costs where I'm saying we are there is that3 basically an average of what we're seeing. That is actually our planned numbers were a little bit higher than what  certainly what our target is and sort of in between our target and our current. But in terms of where we expected to be for Q1, we're ahead of schedule because we're implementing these things as we go. So the target was where we expect to be by year end. But we think we will be ahead of that.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. That's helpful. And then, you addressed costs a little bit earlier and I wasn't clear whether you addressed this point or not. Last quarter you had targeted $500 million of cost savings. You said you'd captured $400 million to date. Any update on whether you expect greater than $500 million at this point, or is that a still a reasonable target for the year?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is Steve. I think it's a reasonable target for the year. I think we'll sort of get there. But I think  it could be more than that but I think right now we'll stick with that.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. I appreciate it. I'll leave it there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning, and congrats, Vicki, on your new role there. Coming back around to the Permian Resources for the obvious reasons  as you talked about guidance and being in a situation where you could potentially still exceed that, can you quantify at all how much of that is the well performance issues that you highlighted earlier in terms of IP rates and 30 day rates and how much of it is just executing on getting the wells in the ground, sort of that if you spud today, whether or not you can get it started late Q3 or if it slides well into Q4?
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oil & Gas Americas: Currently it's principally performance execution. It's accelerating the well delivery. However, we do have a couple of areas where we're seeing improved performance. You'll notice that the graphs from the Delaware basin, we're still seeing strong performance versus our peers in the Wolf Bone and the Barilla Draw area. There are other areas where we're seeing improved performance in terms of our program design. So we're still seeing opportunities to increase our per-well performance and we're seeing  and then the main thing that we're doing there is targeting better landing zones. So I would say that right now just to go back and bottom-line answer the question, it's incredible execution on the part of our teams to get the wells on faster. And part of it is a little bit of improved recovery on a per-well basis, but we still expect there will be more of that to come.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then Yemen, as you said earlier that was going to go away anyway. But I was wondering what was the margin or cash margin per unit that that impacts you?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't remember. Chris has got it.
Christopher G. Stavros - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: It was generating about $15 million a quarter after tax if you want to think about it that way.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning, everyone, and congratulations, Vicki. Steve, you start your slides in a differentiated way with talk about dividend growth. And I think and I assume Vicki will continue this as the primary ultimate aim of OXY. Can you square the circle because, as I said, that's a differentiated strategy from most other if not all other U.S. E&Ps. Does it mean you have better geology costs, lower growth? How is it that you're going be able to deliver a higher dividend growth than others in essentially the same place? Thanks.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, most of them don't have any dividends. So comparing against an environment with  so we're sort of a tall midget here. So I think the -- dividends, if there is religious activity here, I think that's it. It provides discipline to the management, otherwise you print shares, do all sorts of wealth destructive things. The dividends give you discipline. We have a more diverse business than the typical E&P. We've got the sort of stable stuff that we've already spent the money on in the Middle East to generate cash. We've got the Chemical business, which always generates cash. We have a midstream business which generates cash, and we have less debt, relatively. So all that provides more cash than the typical, and what we do with the cash is we buy in some shares. And we pay more dividends. You have to have something that  you can't be at our size  you can't try to compete with somebody makes 10,000 barrels a day and grow. So we think that our long standing acreage position, that's also part of it, we didn't just acquire the acreage last month or last year. We got the EOR business which generates a lot of cash. In economic terms, those are called monopoly profits and that's what you're seeing. It's the same thing you see at the large integrateds. That's what differentiates it. The other guys have a different strategy. Nothing wrong with their strategy, it's just different but we think the cash here will be strong and we invest sometimes unpopularly, by the way, in things that will generate a lot of cash for a long period of time. So we always are thinking about how we're going grow the dividend. I guess she can speak for herself but I think Vicki and Chris have the same basic belief because they've been hearing it for a long time. So...
Christopher G. Stavros - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And that's  and Chris is planning on staying so Chris will be your principal person to talk to about financial matters, but Vicki will certainly set the strategy.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Well, I'm glad to hear that Vicki's not planning to fire Chris. Could  I guess theoretically. Let's skip over your politically-incorrect comment and just say, assuming you're that not comping against other E&Ps, but I would assume an above inflation rate of growth, otherwise you're not growing the dividend. Would that mean that ultimately given the assets that you listed are all more/less zero growth once we get through some of the project start-ups, would that mean that we align your long-term volume growth with your long-term dividend growth?
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, that probably about right.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Which would be 5%-plus percent but not 10% I guess.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's right. It's hard to say exactly. Because you have the chemical business which is a little different and that's going to generate a sizable amount of free cash out here. I'm sure it will generate $1 billion in free cash. And so that will cover a fair amount of the dividend without doing anything and some growth there. It's sort of a GDP grower when all is said and done on its cash flow.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I mean...
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Go ahead.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That provides the base. And we just  the dividends are the cost of keeping the shareholders. It's cost of capital. However you want to say it. And without that sort of discipline, you'd do all kinds of crazy stuff.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, and just finally, would it be fair, if harsh, to say the other element here is you're coming off a lower base in terms of your operational performance in the Permian and that provides the potential for greater growth? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't know. Maybe. But I think growth is growth. We've spent a lot of time building to this so that we wouldn't be in the same situation that a number of other companies are. We've spent money and time. And so we started the acceleration when we knew what we were doing, mostly. And that's really what  and I think we've told you that in the past, which nobody listened to.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, thanks, Steve.
Operator: And our last question comes from John Herrlin of Socit Gnrale. Please go ahead.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yeah, hi, just a quick one for me. Steve nobody would accuse Oxy as being a contra plastic but regarding the Permian, you're going to drill in the Resources division, I guess Vicki, 150 wells. Can you give me a sense what the split would be, Delaware, central basin and midland? And that's it.
Vicki A. Hollub - President, Oil & Gas Americas: Yes of the 150 wells, none of them will be on the Central Basin platform. It'll be almost split half-and-half between the Midland Basin and the Delaware Basin.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay, great. That's it for me. Thank you.
Stephen I. Chazen - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, John.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Degner for any closing remarks.
Christopher M. Degner - Senior Director, Investor Relations: Hi. Yes. Thanks, everyone, for participating. I know it's been a busy day for you. Please give us a call if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Today's conference has now concluded. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Degner - SVP, IR and Treasurer Steve Chazen - President & CEO Chris Stavros - CFO Vicki Hollub - President, Oil and Gas in the Americas Willie Chiang - EVP, Operations Sandy Lowe - President, International Oil and Gas Operation
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Leo Mariani - RBC Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Matt Portillo - TPH
Operator: Welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Degner. Mr. Degner, please go ahead.
Chris Degner: Thank you, Emily. Good morning, everyone and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's fourth quarter 2014 conference call. On the call with us today are Steve Chazen, Oxy's President and Chief Executive Officer, Chris Stavros, Chief Financial Officer, Vicki Hollub, President, Oil and Gas in the Americas, Willie Chiang, Executive Vice President of Operations and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Operation. In just a moment I will turn the call over to our CEO, Steve Chazen who will review our achievements in 2014 and provide an outlook for 2015. Our CFO, Chris Stavros will review our financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and also provide guidance for 2015. Then, Willie Chiang will review our 2015 capital plan followed by Vicki Hollub, who will provide an update of our activities in the Permian Basin. As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the company's most recent Form 10-K. Our fourth quarter 2014 earnings press release and the investor relations supplemental schedules, our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliation and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Steve Chazen. Steve, please go ahead.
Steve Chazen: Thanks, Chris. I would like to start with some highlights from our accomplishments in the past year. We executed many of our strategic initiatives including the spin-off of California Resources, the sale of our Hugoton gas properties, BridgeTex pipeline and PAGP units. At the end of the year, our cash balance of $7.8 billion exceeded our total debt of $6.8 billion. We grew our domestic oil production by 11,000 barrels a day over 2013 to 181,000 a day. We grew our Permian resources production from 65,000 barrel equivalents a day over 2013 to 75,000 barrels a day this year. The 2004 capital program added 395 million barrels of proved reserves, replacement ratio of 181% before dispositions. Our costs incurred with these reserve additions were about $6.7 billion, resulted in an apparent finding and development cost of under $17 a BOE. We added 363 million barrels of liquid proved reserves, a replacement ratio of 223%, before dispositions. We completed the Al Hosn gas project on budget and on time which started production in early January. I have two comments about the macro environment. The confluence of U.S. supply growth, weaker Asian demand and extreme currency movements have led to significant decline in product prices. Our company is resilient and built to weather price shocks typical to this industry. Obviously, we have the financial resource to continue drilling at the 2004 rate. However, the current service company cost structure is more reflective of a $100 oil price environment, rather than the $50 environment we have today. While service companies have offered modest price reductions, they still do not reflect the current reality. We're focused on reducing our costs which include renegotiating our supplier contracts that are not reflective of weaker oil prices. We expect these efforts to result in a reduction in the cost of executing our capital program as well as reducing our operating expense. It makes little sense for us to push production so as to sell our oil at $50 or less. I would like to talk briefly about the impairments. We have virtually eliminated our capital spending in the Williston Basin, on domestic gas properties, in the Bahrain and Joslyn oil sands projects, as these have unacceptable returns in the current price environment. As a result of a thorough portfolio review, we have reduced the carrying value of the assets in the areas where we're minimizing development activity. This resulted in an after tax charge of $5.1 billion. These charges do not affect our cash position. Chris will detail the charges. Our policy has been and will continue to be to write-down assets to approximately fair market value when we believe that the impairment is other than temporary. In 2015, we will focus our capital spending on the core areas we operate, principally the Permian Basin. Our capital budget is $5.8 billion which is a 33% decline from 2014, 2/3rds of the capital budget will be allocated to maintenance capital and 1/3rd allocated to growth capital. To the start of the several long term projects, notably the Al Hosn gas project and the BridgeTex pipeline, our to 2015 capital program was on course to decline before the recent fall in product prices. Our capital run-rate in the first quarter will be higher than the $5.8 billion level and will decline all year unless product prices significantly improve. Given our large acreage position, deep inventory, we have the flexibility to defer drilling and appraisal activity. Although we will likely outspend our cash flow during the first half of the year, we expect that by the end of the year our operating cash flow will cover our capital expenditures and dividend payments, assuming a recovery to $60 oil price environment. Willie Chiang will provide more details on our capital program later in the call. Despite the lower capital program, we expect to deliver 6% to 10% annual production growth in 2015 driven by the startup of the Al Hosn gas project and the focused development program we will run in the Permian resources business. In the United States, we expect oil production to grow about 6% partially offset by declines in NGLs and natural gas production. Vicki Hollub will provide further details on the outlook for the U.S. oil and gas business. We had a successful year in growing the company's reserve base by adding substantially more reserves than we produced. Company-wide, we replaced 174% of our production before asset sales. We ended the year based on a preliminary estimate with about 2.8 billion BOEs of reserves. Through our organic development program, we replaced 181% of our production. This estimate excludes acquisitions, asset sales and revisions of prior period estimates. Our reserve replacement ratio for liquids from all categories before asset sales was 223%. This reflects our emphasis on oil drilling. Our total costs incurred related to the reserve additions for the year on a preliminary basis were approximately $8.3 billion. As a result of our organic development program, we estimate an apparent finding cost of under $17 a barrel. Our 2004 acquisitions were approximately $1.6 billion and we booked a conservative amount of proved, developed reserves. We expect to add incremental reserves as we exploit this acreage. At the end of the year, we estimate that 76% of our total proved reserves were liquids increasing from 71% in 2013. Of the total reserves about 71% were proved, developed reserves compared to 70% in 2013. Over the past several years we have built a large portfolio of growth-oriented assets in the United States. In 2014, we spent a larger proportion of our investment dollars on these resources. Our organic reserve replacement for the year reflects the positive results of the appraisal and development efforts, capitalizing on the large portfolio built over time. In the United States, we replaced 266% of our production before asset sales. We ended the year based on a preliminary estimate with about 1.8 BOE of reserves. Through our organic development program, we replaced 286% of our production. The estimate excludes acquisitions, asset sales and revisions of prior estimates. Our reserve replacement ratio for liquids from all categories before asset sales was 306%. Our total costs incurred related to domestic reserve additions for the year on a preliminary basis were approximately 5.7 billion. As a result of our organic development program, we estimate an apparent finding and development cost of about $12 a BOE. Through the success of our drilling program and capital efficiency initiative, we have lowered our finding and development costs over recent years. As a result, we expect our DD&A expense to be approximately $15 a barrel in 2015, a decrease from $17 a barrel in 2014. This is consistent with our expectations and DD&A rate of growth should flatten out as recent investments come online and finding and development costs come down. The success of our organic reserve additions and the efficiencies weve achieved in our operation demonstrate the significant progress we have made in turning the company into a competitive domestic producer. Through the execution of our strategic initiative, we have raised enough cash to exceed our debt at year-end. Slide 14 outlines priorities of our use of cash. This is the same slide we have shown for at least a decade. After spending on maintenance capital, the top priority for our cash flow is to continue to increase the dividend. We have increased the dividend for 12 consecutive years and are committed to annual increases. Given the uncertainty in product price, decision on the size of the increase will be made on the declaration of third quarter dividend. Our remaining cash flow will be allocated to growth capital, share repurchases and acquisitions. In 2014, we repurchased $2.5 billion of shares. We have approximately 71 million shares remaining under our current authorization. We will continue to repurchase shares subject to the stock price and market conditions and expect to ultimately repurchase the entire amount. Now, I will turn the call over to Chris Stavros for a review of our financial results.
Chris Stavros: Thanks, Steve and good morning everyone. Oxy completed the spin-off of California resources at the end of November. Accordingly, we have reclassified the financial and operational results for discontinued operations for our core results disclosure. As such, our fourth quarter 2014 core income excludes all the California results and income on a reported basis includes two months of California results. Total year 2014 results on a reported basis include 11 months contribution from the California operations classified as discontinued. We generated core income of $560 million for the fourth quarter 2014 resulting in diluted earnings per share of $0.72, a decrease from both the year ago quarter and the third quarter of 2014. The decline in core earnings was attributable mainly to sharply lower realized oil prices on our worldwide production. Net results for the quarter were a loss of $3.4 billion or $4.41 per diluted share. In accordance with the successful efforts method of accounting which Oxy follows, we review our proved oil and gas properties for indications of impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the oil and gas properties may not be adequately recovered, such as when there is a significant drop in the futures price curve. Under the successful efforts method, if an oil and gas property's estimated future net cash flows are not sufficient to recover its carrying amount using the period end's future curve, an impairment charge must be recorded. As of December 31, Oxy recorded property impairments due to the fall in the futures curve for oil as of that date. The 2014 fourth quarter includes after tax, non-core net charges of $4 billion. Approximately $2.7 billion of this was a result of the sharp decline in the year-end WTI price curve that affected our domestic properties. Most notably this included a charge of $1.7 billion in the Williston Basin, $600 million related to our gas and gas condensate assets and $350 million for other domestic acreage. Foreign impairments amounted to $1.1 billion principally related to our operations in Bahrain. Additional charges included $700 million for our interest in the Joslyn oil sands project and a $550 million mark-to-market adjustment for the carrying value related to our remaining 19% interest in California resources. The fourth quarter also included after tax gains of $900 million from the sale of a portion of our investment in the Plains All American Pipeline GP and $400 million from the sale of our 50% interest in the BridgeTex pipeline. We continued our strong domestic oil production growth and achieved a year-over-year quarterly production increase of 19,000 BOE per day or about 11% led by our Permian resources assets. We also purchased 4.8 million shares of our stock during the fourth quarter and ended the period with $7.8 billion of total cash on our balance sheet. In oil and gas, our core after tax earnings for the fourth quarter of 2014 were $368 million, $549 million lower than the third quarter of this year and $731 million lower than last year's fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter of 2014, total company oil and gas production volumes from continuing operations averaged 616,000 BOE per day, an increase of 21,000 BOE per day in daily production from the third quarter and 41,000 BOE per day from the same period a year ago. This excludes production from the Hugoton and the California assets for all periods disclosed. Our fourth quarter 2014 worldwide realized oil price of $71.58 per barrel fell by $22.68 or 24% compared to the third quarter realizations of $94.26 per barrel. In the fourth quarter of 2014 after tax core income for our domestic oil and gas operations was $59 million compared with $310 million in the third quarter of 2014 and $391 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. On both a sequential quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year basis, results at our domestic operations were mainly impacted by lower realized oil prices and to a lesser degree, lower NGL prices. Higher oil production had a meaningful positive impact to both earnings and cash flow in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to both periods. In the fourth quarter of 2014, we experienced a narrowing of the differentials in the Permian Basin from what we realized in the third quarter of last year. Total domestic oil and gas production averaged 321,000 BOE per day during the fourth quarter of 2014, up 6000 BOE per day sequentially and 26,000 BOE on a year-over-year basis. Domestic oil production was 189,000 barrels per day during the fourth quarter, an increase of 19,000 barrels per day from the year-ago period with our Permian resources business growing its oil production by 42% to 51,000 barrels per day. On a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis, total domestic oil production growth was 7000 barrels per day. International after tax core income was $355 million for the fourth quarter of 2014, a decline of 43% from the third quarter of last year and 50% lower on a year-over-year basis. The decline for both periods was driven mainly by lower realized oil prices with the sequential quarter-over-quarter period favorably impacted by higher liftings in both Iraq and Columbia. International oil and gas sales volumes rose by 39,000 BOE per day on a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis. The improvement was largely due to higher volumes in Iraq, resulting from liftings that slipped from prior periods, as well as higher spending levels, higher production volumes in Columbia along with increased volumes in the Middle East resulting from lower prices affecting our production sharing contracts. Oil and gas cash operating costs were $13.50 per barrel for the total year 2014 compared to $12.56 per barrel for full year 2013 and reclassified to exclude California. The increase in costs reflects increased activity in downhole maintenance and higher cost for purchased injectants. The DD&A rate for full year 2014 was $17 per barrel. Taxes other than on income which are directly related to product prices were $2.45 per barrel for the 12 months of 2014 compared to $2.48 for the same period of 2013. Fourth quarter exploration expense was $59 million. Chemical fourth quarter 2014 pretax core earnings were $160 million compared with third quarter results of $140 million and $128 million in the year-ago quarter. The sequential improvement primarily reflected lower ethylene and energy costs, partially offset by lower vinyls pricing and a reduction of volumes across most product lines, due to a combination of maintenance outages, holiday shutdowns and customer initiatives to reduce year-end inventories. Midstream pretax core earnings were $168 million for the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to $155 million in the third quarter and $106 million in the same period a year ago. Phibro's domestic trading book was closed in the fourth quarter of 2014 and we expect to wind down the remainder of the business in the current quarter. As such, Phibro's results have been eliminated from all core income periods. In the 12 months of 2014, we generated $9.4 billion of cash from continuing operations, a decline of approximately $1 billion compared to the year-ago period. Capital expenditures for 2014 were $8.7 billion, net of partner contributions. Last year's capital outlays included $1.1 billion associated with the Al Hosn gas project including $470 million related to the rail and sulfur handling facilities and $285 million for the BridgeTex pipeline. We received proceeds of $4.2 billion from the sale of assets which included fourth quarter proceeds of $1.1 billion from the sale of our investment in BridgeTex, $1.7 billion from the sale of a portion of our investment in Plains All American Pipeline GP, as well as $1.3 billion from the sale of our [inaudible] assets in the first quarter of last year. We spent about $1.7 billion on bolt-on property acquisitions, of which $1.3 billion was spent in the fourth quarter on a single acquisition in the Permian totaling 100,000 net acres and including a modest amount of oil production. In October, we received cash proceeds of $4.95 billion from the bond offering completed by California resources. IRS rules mandate that the use of these proceeds be restricted to share repurchase, dividend payments or debt retirement. We paid the fourth quarter dividend and repurchased our shares in December using the restricted cash, resulting in a $4 billion balance at December 31. We received an additional $1.15 billion of cash from California resources concurrent with the spin-off in late November. The use of those proceeds is unrestricted. We returned $4.7 billion of cash to our shareholders by paying $2.2 billion in dividends and repurchasing 25.8 million of our shares for $2.5 billion. Last year's share repurchase activity has the benefit of reducing our current dividend outlays by approximately $75 million. Our cash balance including restricted cash was $7.8 billion at December 31. Our debt to capitalization ratio was 16% at year end. After excluding the impact of non-core adjustments and discontinued California operations, our 2014 return on equity was 9% and return on capital employed was 8%. The worldwide effective tax rate on our core income was 39% for the fourth quarter of 2014 and 41% for the total year. Focusing on 2015, our capital program this year is expected to be about $5.8 billion, a decrease of 33% from our 2014 spending level of $8.7 billion. Willie Chiang will discuss the specifics of the 2015 capital program in a moment. Using a $55 WTI and $60 Brent price curve, we expect total company production to be between 630,000 BOE and 650,000 BOE per day in 2015 or an increase of roughly 6% to 10%. Domestically, we expect our oil production for the total year to grow in the 6% range with the increase coming from the Permian resources business. We expect gas volumes to decline modestly as we cease development activities in our gas properties. In the first quarter, we expect to lose approximately 4000 BOE per day production in our Permian Basin operations due to weather-related shutdowns and freezing conditions that occurred during January. Domestic gas production is expected to decline from the fourth quarter levels resulting in a slight sequential production decline on a BOE basis. We expect our international volumes to increase in the first quarter with the Al Hosn gas project having started up earlier this month. Volumes from Al Hosn should average roughly 20,000 BOE per day in the first quarter as the facilities ramp up through the first half of the year. Full year 2015 volumes from Al Hosn should average about 50,000 BOE per day with more than 40% of the production coming from NGLs and condensate. Production volumes should also be positively impacted from our production sharing contracts that are sensitive to the decline in oil prices. Oil and gas DD&A expense is expected to be approximately $15 per BOE this year. Combined depreciation for the midstream and chemical segments should be approximately $675 million. Price changes at current global prices affect our quarterly earnings before income taxes by $32 million for a $1.00 per barrel change in oil prices and $7 million for a $1.00 per barrel change in NGL prices. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices affects quarterly pretax earnings by about $15 million. These price change sensitivities include the impact of production sharing contract volumes changes on income. Our first quarter 2015 exploration expense is anticipated to be about $30 million pretax. We expect our first quarter 2015 pretax chemical earnings to be about $140 million. Lower [inaudible] vinyl margins are the primary driver for the sequential decrease in earnings. Using current strip prices for oil and gas, we expect our 2015 domestic tax rate to be at 36% and our international tax rates to be about 65%. I will now turn the call over to Willie Chiang who will provide more detail on our 2015 capital program.
Willie Chiang: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone. As you now know, our 2015 capital program is expected to be $5.8 billion, a 33% reduction from our 2014 capital program. All business segments will see cuts in capital spending versus the 2014 levels with the exception of chemicals which is in the peak year of spending for the Ingleside ethylene cracker JV project. Despite the lower capital program, we expect to deliver the production growth in 2015, as Steve has said. Now let me expand on the 2015 program of which 80% is in the oil and gas segment and 10% each is in the chemicals and midstream segments. Domestic oil and gas capital will be about $2.5 billion or 43% of our total capital program, a decline of about $1 billion from 2014 levels. Overall spending levels in the Permian will decline slightly and significant reductions will come from Williston and south Texas which are most impacted by the sharp declines in product prices. Vicki Hollub will provide more details on that later in the call. International development capital will be about $2 billion or 33% of our total capital program. Spending levels in the Middle East, North Africa MENA region will decline by approximately $1.4 billion mostly from the Al Hosn gas project completion, Qatar and other mature projects. Exploration capital is expected to decrease significantly from the 2014 levels to roughly $150 million. Our 2014 exploration program was successful in supporting the appraisal and delineation of a strong inventory of drilling locations which is the basis of our development program this year. Chemical segment capital will be about $600 million which includes the Ingleside cracker project that we expect to complete late 2016 and commission in the first quarter of 2017. We expect OxyChem to be free cash flow positive through the construction of this project. U.S. midstream capital will be about $600 million, a decrease of about $150 million from the 2014 levels, driven primarily by the completion of BridgeTex pipeline. Key projects include the continued development of the Ingleside terminal for both propane and crude export terminaling as well as gas processing infrastructure in support of our key development programs in the Delaware basin. The 2015 capital program I have described ramps down over this year and where we expect to end the year at a balanced free cash flow run-rate which will cover capital, interest and dividend payments at the $60 oil environment. It also allows us to develop profitable production growth and allows us to continue to develop the key strategic projects in our chemicals and midstream segments. I would like to take a few minutes to share with you the status on our reductions of our cost structure. Clearly, lower oil price environments require lower cost structures to be competitive. Our 2015 plan assumes a very conservative amount of pricing concessions from our suppliers of roughly $250 million for key services. If the market environment remains where it is, we expect to see this increase to $500 million or more which will give us the flexibility to increase activity. We have been very engaged with our suppliers and service providers to capture immediate reductions in costs, ranging from 10% to 40%. In many cases, we have amended existing agreements to tie discounts to oil price. The lower the oil price, the greater the discount needed to meet the market environment. We're in the early stages of this process and have finalized agreements with about half of our key suppliers to date. Most of the cost savings that we have incorporated are capital costs, but we also expect operating cost reductions from the $15 per BOE domestic operating cost level. Beyond what we normally look at pure lifting costs of the business, there are a number of cost categories that comprise the total operating costs. Some of these categories are fairly consistent year to year and include labor, generally operating support and staff, plan expenses, pipeline transportation costs, surface maintenance. This activity allows us to produce our product reliably, safely and responsibly. Now, highlighted are a number of categories where we do expect to see significant reductions and are much more discretionary in nature. These include well workovers, well enhancements, downhole maintenance and purchased injectant costs, primarily CO2. Clearly, in a low product price environment many of these activities are just not economic to pursue. We also expect to see energy cost reductions which are linked to oil and gas prices, so they too will come down in this price environment. This should give more perspective on another key area of opportunity that we're working hard on and we will share more specifics with you as we develop more certainty around market environment and other optimization and efficiency improvements. I will conclude my remarks by emphasizing that our capital allocation is very dynamic in nature. We will proactively manage our program and we have ample flexibility to respond to both stronger and weaker conditions. I will turn the call over now to Vicki Hollub, who will review our 2015 domestic oil and gas plans.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Willie. Today I will review the highlights of our Permian resources activities in the fourth quarter and then I will provide more details about the 2015 capital programs in our U.S. operations. In the fourth quarter, Permian resources achieved daily production of 84,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day which is a 9% increase from the 77,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day that were produced in the third quarter. With regard to oil, we produced 51,000 barrels of oil per day for the fourth quarter. This is a 42% increase from a year ago and a 19% increase from the previous quarter. During the fourth quarter, our capital expenditures were $791 million. We operated 29 rigs and drilled 85 wells including 56 horizontals. We placed 70 wells on production including 44 horizontals. At year-end, 11 wells were on flow-back and 61 were not yet completed. In the Delaware basin, we operated 14 horizontal drilling rigs and one vertical drilling rig in the fourth quarter. We drilled 47 wells and placed 39 wells on production. In our Barilla Draw area we placed 7 horizontal wells on production in the Wolfcamp A and B benches. These wells achieved an average peak rate of 1500 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 1,190. We're extremely excited by the results achieved on the Peck state 258 number 6H, where we optimized the landing point and cluster spacing. This well achieved a peak rate of 2400 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 1760. Additionally, we placed our first two 7500-foot lateral wells, the Buzzard state number 9H and number 10H on production with excellent results. Both were completed in the Wolfcamp A. The Buzzard state number 9H achieved a peak rate of 2020 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 1780. We're achieving excellent initial results on our wells with sand concentrations ranging from 1750 to 2250 pounds per foot. For example, our Chevron Mineral 17-5 well achieved a peak rate of 1800 BOE per day. In New Mexico, we continue to be pleased by the performance of our Bone Spring wells. Recently, our Cedar Canyon 27 state 4H was placed online with an average peak rate of 1790 and a 30 day rate of 1030 BOE per day. In the Midland basin we operated 10 horizontal drilling rigs and four vertical drilling rigs during the fourth quarter. We drilled 38 wells and placed 31 on production. In the Spraberry, Wolfcamp A and Wolfcamp B benches, we placed 17 horizontal wells online with an average peak rate of 950 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 790. To-date, we have placed 10 Spraberry wells online with an average peak rate of 900 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 850. Last quarter we discussed our South Curtis Ranch 3526H well in the lower Spraberry. We're excited to report the six-month average production for this well was 740 BOE per day. In one of our new development areas, the [inaudible] 1411 well achieved a peak rate of 1560 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 1,140 from the Wolfcamp A. The aggressive exploration and appraisal programs we completed in 2014 have helped us to clearly identify our best benches and to achieve significant improvements in well productivity and operational efficiency. We will continue to improve these results in 2015. Now I will provide additional details about our 2015 capital plans at our domestic operations. Our most significant capital reduction will come in our Mid-Continent business unit which includes our Williston operations and our gas properties in the Piceance in south Texas. We plan to spend $285 million in 2015 versus $570 million spent in 2014. The 2015 capital program will focus on maintenance activities along with high return workovers. This fits with our strategy to focus capital on higher margin oil production. In the Permian Basin we have two distinct, but synergistic businesses; resources and enhanced oil recovery. Our resources business provides the unconventional portfolio and expertise to achieve accelerated growth supported by our EOR business which provides the cash flow from efficient high volume production. In Permian resources our capital expenditures will be approximately $1.7 billion. This is a $200 million reduction from 2014 expenditures. We plan to operate an average of 19 rigs and drill approximately 167 horizontal wells which is equal to the number of horizontal wells we drilled in 2014. Additionally, we will drill only 48 vertical wells versus the 137 vertical wells drilled in 2014. Vertical wells are drilled to hold acreage or to appraise new benches. Our 2015 capital program will focus on the development of our best benches in concentrated geographic areas. In the Midland basin our development activity will be mainly in South Curtis Ranch and Mirchett [ph]. Here we plan to drill 45 Spraberry wells, where our performance is matching a 750,000 BOE type curve. In the Delaware basin, we plan to drill 67 Wolfcamp A wells and a concentrated number of leases in the greater Barilla Draw area. Our Wolfcamp A wells in the Delaware are exceeding a 900,000 BOE type curve. In New Mexico, we plan to drill 22 Bone Spring wells. We will execute this targeted capital program utilizing a manufacturing approach which will include the efficiencies of pad drilling, batch drilling of the vertical and lateral selections of the well, along with zipper fracs. This strategy will enable us to grow our production at a higher rate with less capital than in our 2014 appraisal program. In the first quarter of 2015, we plan to operate an average of 29 rigs. We expect to drill 85 wells and place 108 wells on production including 63 horizontal wells. We're on pace to have 42 wells on flow-back or on production in January. Permian resources has a sufficient inventory of wells to continue profitable development in a low price environment. Based on our current cost structure, we have the ability to continue drilling profitable wells for several years. We're taking the following actions to ensure we can deliver even more locations in this low price environment. First, we will continue our investment in reservoir characterization and optimization of key variables such as well bore spacing, lateral length, proppant concentration, surfactants, cluster count and spacing. These investments drive resource recovery and are fundamental at any price. Second, we will continue to apply enhanced manufacturing principals to our development program. This will enable us to achieve efficiencies at an accelerated pace. Third, we will continue our efforts to enhance our base management and maintenance activities. This will ensure optimized production levels while minimizing associated operating costs. Lastly, we continue to aggressively work with our suppliers to improve operating productivity, eliminate constraints and lower costs. These actions are consistent with the long term strategy I have discussed in previous calls. I'm encouraged by the urgency and actions our employees and contractors have already demonstrated in delivering on these initiatives. I will now discuss our Permian EOR business. While it hasn't drawn much attention in the last couple years with the industry focused on high growth resource programs, our Permian EOR business remains very profitable. Oxy is the leader in Permian basin CO2 flooding with over 30 active floods and 40 years of experience. This business has weathered prior downturns with resilience and the low decline of these large properties provides a stable base for our production at an advantaged cost. The Permian EOR business has the agility, scale and cost structure to operate in an ultra-low pricing environment. Currently, our total cash costs in Permian EOR is $30 a BOE as shown on the slide. This takes into account the cost reductions that we have already achieved. If prices stabilize at today's level or continue to decline, all costs that are linked to oil prices would also decline including energy CO2, production taxes and discretionary well maintenance activities. For example, in a $35 per barrel oil price scenario, our total cost would reduce to approximately $22 a BOE. Our DD&A cost is approximately $10 a BOE. We continue to see opportunity for investment in CO2 projects in the current oil price environment. Last year we drilled 277 infill wells and continued construction of facilities for new CO2 projects. When completed, our new project at South Hobbs will develop 28 million barrels of oil equivalent of reserves at a cost of $10.60 per BOE. The CO2 floods have remained a strong business through technology advancement that improves recovery from our large portfolio of conventional reservoirs. In the Permian, Oxy operates reservoirs that collectively contained approximately 18 billion barrels of original oil in place. Hence, even small improvements in recovery efficiency can add significant reserves. An example of this has been the recent trend towards vertical expansion of the CO2 flooded interval into residual oil zones or ROZ targets. Over the last few years, we have had an ongoing program of deepening wells with 109 wells deepened in 2014 and 81 wells planned in 2015. This activity escapes much attention because we utilize work-over rigs to drill the extra depth into additional CO2 floodable sections of the reservoir. These low cost projects add reserves at development rates ranging from $3 to $7 per BOE. These opportunities exist under many of our CO2 projects and thus far only a fraction of the CO2 flood wells has been deepened. The Permian EOR 2015 capital expenditures will be approximately $500 million to continue expansion of CO2 floods and water floods. The EOR business is expected to generate free cash flow this year even in the current oil price environment. We will complete construction and begin injection at the new South Hobbs project. Additionally, we'll also start construction of a significant expansion at the successful North Hobbs CO2 flood, where CO2 flooding has added a sustained 5,300 barrels of oil per day to the unit's production since this project began in 2003. Our EOR business has unrisked gross resource potential of up to 1.9 billion barrels providing us with a vast inventory of future CO2 projects which could be developed over the next 20 years or accelerated, depending on market conditions. Our current strategy for this business is to investment sufficient capital to maintain current production thereby providing cash flow to support growth in our Permian resources business. By exploiting natural synergies between our EOR and resources businesses, Oxy is able to deliver unique advantages, efficiencies and expertise across our Permian Basin operations. In closing, our 2014 exploration and appraisal programs have successfully set us up for a strong 2015 development program in Permian resources. Our portfolio of high quality assets combined with our value-oriented discipline enables us to deliver efficient growth. We will execute a focused development strategy in 2015 and continue to pursue step changes in well productivity and cost structure. Our first quarter production of 2015 will be negatively impacted by approximately 4000 BOE per day due to the winter weather events that occurred in the Permian Basin in January. But we do expect to deliver our previously stated target of 100,000 BOE per day from Permian resources in 2015. Our combined EOR and resources production is significant and accounts for 15% of the production from the Permian basin. Our development program, along with the synergies delivered by our resources, EOR and midstream businesses have us well-positioned to the meet the challenges of this lower price environment. Now I'll turn the call back to Chris.
Chris Degner: Thank you, Vicki. Now we will open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: I wonder if I could take two, please. Vicky, this one is profitability for you. I guess just to be absolutely clear in this current oil price environment, not the $55 that you have put in the plan I guess, has the Permian program delivering positive returns? And if you could maybe give some color as to what royalty ownership or what royalty rates you might have in the program for the current year of gas in the Delaware basin.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, Doug, currently our program at today's prices will deliver about 15% to 20% rates of return and the reason for that is, we had an aggressive program, appraisal program in 2014, so we have - we're targeting in 2015 our best benches in our best areas. And we have had really good success recently with improving our completion design. So we expect the returns to be in the 15% to 20% range. And if you will refer back to the chart I included in the presentation in Q3, you will see that if you look at the areas where we're developing, I think I have some numbers there that generally would enable you to get to the net interest.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Maybe just not to belabor the point, Vicki but what kind of inventory in terms of what the current pace, the wells would achieve, the program would achieve that kind of return of $45 oil, is that like high grading the portfolio or is that a multi-year inventory that you believe to achieve there?
Vicki Hollub: We have high graded the portfolio but we expect to be able to at least at this pace go at least 3 to 5 years with the inventory that we have and if prices continue to improve with respect to the cost structure and I don't mean oil prices, oil prices, I mean if our cost structure continues to improve based on prices, we expect that inventory should increase. So we expect over time to be able to increase the inventory that we have today. But at today's pace, it would be about 3 to 5 years.
Doug Leggate: My follow-up is I guess and not a lot of other questions with new operations, but Steve, I wonder if I could go back, just to the progress on the asset sales in the Middle East. Any updates you can provide, especially now that Al Hosn is on-stream and given that the [inaudible] contract expires this year, could you help us with how you see maybe things changing in this oil price environment?
Steve Chazen: Well of course, the countries are saying that the prices will quickly rebound once the evil shale producers stop producing. But I think until that happens, I think it's going to be slow. I mean obviously, the countries are affected by this. I mean they are actually affected more by the decline in oil prices than anybody really. So I suspect that it will be slow. I think Oman will move along all year. We just don't know what is going on in Abu Dhabi at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Steve, talking again back to the CapEx program, it seems that you have used the strip to come up with the 2015 number. I just wondered how much lower would you have to take CapEx if we stay at the smaller $45 environment for let's say another year?
Steve Chazen: Well for another year, it a little more complicated. The capital spending on the chemicals and the midstream stuff will fall out naturally, going into next year. So the capital would come down any anyway. We have only built in the cost savings that have sort of been achieved at this point. And there is at least another 250 million and maybe another $500 million in savings if - just from the suppliers, if prices continue to be low because we basically we provide index how much we're paying to the oil price. So I don't really know exactly what it would be, but I would guess it would be used - if it's 60, we're covering everything at the end of the year. There is some other stuff that would be reduced and it's probably a little lower than the 60 actually and so if you said okay, it is going to be $10 less, $10 less is a billion dollars. So we would have to reduce the capital by a billion dollars. Most of that we would get from suppliers, but there would be some things that would have to be cut.
Paul Sankey: And then a follow-up would be, have you considered selling Oxy and have you considered any major acquisitions? Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Right now, people are cash flow challenged so I suspect selling Oxy is probably not real likely. But I looked at Chevron, it looks like they dont have any free cash. So anyway, if you look at - we have 690 major acquisitions. It's way too early to be talking about acquisitions. I think there is still a lot of whistling in the grave yard going on. And way too early to consider any kind of acquisitions. Again, we generally are not interested in public acquisitions.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson: I had a question about divestures as well, there is some commentary in the market about possible divestiture of the Al Hosn project which you guys have just completed and so just wanted to ask you, is that a possibility? Just if you could provide some color on that and again it wasn't your commentary, it was that from others but can you give us an update on the strategic position attractiveness of that position?
Steve Chazen: Well let's talk about what it is. We have already spent the money. So there is not really much capital going forward. There might be an expansion which is really cheap capital out a year or so, but putting that aside in a crappy oil price environment, probably generate about $300 million of free cash and sort of a decent run, about $600 million of free cash a year. So if you multiply it out by the 25 years that remain roughly, you multiply it, you get Sr. between $7.5 billion and it is $12.5 billion of cash generated over the 25 year period. So from our perspective, for a company that pays a lot of dividends and that sort of thing, having that sort of asset makes good sense to us. If on the other hand, for a variety of reasons, somebody wanted to buy 20%, 30% of it, to free up cash, for something that maybe works better, I guess we're open to that. But you know, only in a - if you just look at intrinsically, for somebody who pays a lot of dividends, you know, I think it's a pretty good asset over time.
Doug Terreson: And then also, there is a lot of commentary about Oxy's historical proficiency and recovery so I wanted to see how are you thinking about the opportunity in Mexico, potential opportunity, meaning do you consider this to be kind of an area of natural alignment for Oxy? And if you do, how do you think about the opportunity in Mexico?
Steve Chazen: I mean there's two issues always in foreign activities. One is the quality of the asset being offered. And I think if intrinsically they have some enhanced oil recovery assets on offer. The other part of it what's the financial arrangements. If you look at some of the other places, I won't say where, but look at some of the other places where intrinsically the asset might work at $20 a barrel or something like that, but if you lay the contract over it doesn't really work at today's prices. And I think thats the issue in Mexico. While the asset may be attractive and you can get a lot of - if you had 100% of it would be something that would work pretty well, but they have taken a pretty aggressive view about the contract terms. I think they took the Chinese menu approach where they pick one from every column and everybody's contract. So I think they got a pretty difficult contract to want to do it and we're not doing it for advertising expense. I think we would rather frankly put the money into the CO2 projects in the United States where we have low royalties and in fact in some cases we owe the royalties than to fool around with some ridiculous contract in hopes it gets better over time.
Operator: Our next question is from Leo Mariani of RBC. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Obviously, a lot of focus here in terms of how you guys can kind of conservatively manage things. Wanted to kind of flip the question around and just get a sense, if we do start to see an oil price recovery in the second half of the year, in 2016, kind of how quickly you can bring rigs back in the Permian and then just additionally, is there any kind of loose price framework we should think about, where if we do get to 70 is that the number where you start adding rigs? Anything you can help in terms of price would be great.
Steve Chazen: I think the answer to your question is there's a lot of rigs around in the Permian and there's more available every day. So I don't think bringing rigs back is going to be a problem. I think the program has to be somewhat disciplined and so we will be cautious in adding rigs, because oil prices may rebound, may go back down again. I'm more concerned really about the demand issues in the world than I am how much the U.S. business is producing. But I think if you look at it and said - clearly, if we hit the $60, the program will be the way weve described it. As you get to $70 and maybe a little more aggressive and as you get north of $70, I think we would be somewhat more aggressive. But I really think that, if you look at - if you were able to see the layers, inside the company, we've got it all matrix, if we can actually figure what makes sense at whatever price you want and so our program going forward would reflect that expectation, but right now, our expectation is conservative, I would guess.
Leo Mariani: All right. Maybe could you just talk a little bit about the importance of returns on the drilling program, plus kind of versus desire to stay cash flow positive or cash flow neutral when you include dividends. Obviously you focused on getting back to this cash flow neutrality, exiting the year at 60. So as we think about a recovery case in 2016, how much are you focused on making sure you don't outspend versus hey if the returns are good at 70 we're willing to outspend. Can you talk to that?
Steve Chazen: You got to be pretty certain about your returns before you outspend. No offense to any oil engineers, but they tend to be a little more optimistic than the actual outcome. And so the corporate management will be fairly conservative about things. So we need some margin of error. A lot of damage has being done in the business, I think people underestimate the amount of damage being done, when this cycle when this current down cycle is complete whether it's a year or two years, everybody's balance sheet is going to be not quite as good as when they started. We're starting at a good spot, but I think even the large companies will have more debt-laden balance sheets and not really much to show for it. So I think you just got to be pretty careful in this environment about what you are doing. No one really, even though the price may recover in the back half of the year, I'm still concerned about world demand for oil, although I'm heartened to see that in the United States at least the lower gasoline prices have created more people riding around in big cars. So we're doing all right. We're rides around the corner.
Leo Mariani: And I guess just lastly, in terms of M&A, I just wanted to kind of clarify some of the comments, you certainly talked about sort of a challenging market, you know for acquisitions at this point in time, it sounds like bid/ask spreads having a reset but they are also here in the prepared comments that you had made an acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2014 of 120,000 acres in the Permian of around for $1.3 billion. Can you give us more color on what you picked up there and what you think about it?
Steve Chazen: It was early in the quarter, probably a little early in the acquisition I think, the acquisition cycle. We got we think a price that works in this environment. It's good acreage. And we picked up a modest amount of production. So the goal of the acquisition program in the Permian is to add to our current position, so we can drill more efficiently and it's not really to get more acreage. We have got plenty of acres. I mean the question really is can we fill in our play, what we currently own and allow us to drill more efficiently without moving the rigs so much. So this sort of acquisition was designed with that intent that we could - that would allow us to be more efficient. Without efficiency gains, I think acquisitions are not very interesting.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers Investment Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Campbell: First, just a couple of quick Vicki questions. I noticed that the Delaware basin second spring had been re-rated from appraisal to development from last quarter to this one. Is that the zone that youre focusing on in New Mexico?
Vicki Hollub: Yes, it is. We're only going to drill second Bone Springs wells in New Mexico in 2015.
Jeffrey Campbell: It sounded like the reduced vertical drilling is tied to less appraisal work. Can you identify which appraisal zones are likely to be most affected by the reduced 2015 CapEx?
Vicki Hollub: It would really be the zones, the benches that are away from our current development areas. So for example we appraised the benches at South Curtis Ranch and several in the Barilla Draw area, so what we're really going to try to do now is focus on the development in those areas. And our appraisal program is so far ahead, we still know a lot about some of our other areas. We just wanted to get to manufacturing mode so that we can improve our cost efficiency. So we're still - we're pretty much way ahead with our appraisal program right now. The thing that we want to do next is to continue to improve on our completion efficiency.
Jeffrey Campbell: And Steve, this is the last question, you have spoken some about concerns on demand. Can you outline where you look for signs of improvement? Particularly as we all can expect that U.S. oil production is going to increase as oil prices begin some kind of recovery?
Steve Chazen: Well, you know, I think if I look at U.S. oil production, it will probably increase in the first and second quarter and maybe the rate of increase in the third quarter will fall off and maybe it will be some decline in the fourth quarter. You know, the main consumer of oil today is China. Any recovery in Europe would be helpful, but it's not a driver and so it's China and maybe India. Also the Middle East has been a large consumer of oil recently and the current environment is - it's just hard to say whether that growth will continue or not. And I think the world economy, I think, thats the big question mark going forward. If we get demand growth, lower oil prices stimulate demand, this current situation will be over fairly quickly. If we don't, this could drag on quite a while.
Operator: Our next question is from [inaudible] of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted to ask the question about the importance of operational momentum in the Permian Basin and really where I am coming from here is you are generating very acceptable returns at current prices, but that could potentially be significantly higher rates of return assuming a recovery in the oil price. So given that you are more or less flat on horizontal drilling activity, what stops you from let's say having the rig count in the first half of the year and then moving up to a much higher count in the back half of the year?
Steve Chazen: It's basically the contractual position we have. We have contracted for some rigs that basically come off at mid-year. And by the time you drill - I mean think about the timing. Let's say you actually drill a well in the first quarter. It's the third quarter before it actually produces, you know, you actually get the revenue, so the stuff in the first quarter will basically be a third and fourth quarter production for us. But I think we have some contracts that need to roll off and that's really controlling the timing more than anything right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So there is nothing related to utilization of the work force and efficiencies that could be elastic, but if you did have a shutdown or anything of it--
Steve Chazen: It's always inefficient - if just always stop in the middle it's always going to be a problem. It's got to be a phase-down, but it's contractual and a notion that may be there will be some recovery in the back half of the year and you need to drill the wells sort in this first and second quarter to have production in the back half of the year. We're pretty cautious about the whole thing. You just can't send things to zero, it's just an impractical thing to do right now. We're doing the best we can to manage through it and I think we will be all right.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And if I could ask one more, completely unrelated topic, you mentioned that the restricted cash was used to pay the dividend in the 4Q, should we think in a low price environment restricted cash essentially funding the dividend and how does that affect then the pace of share repurchases? You said that the 71 million, you still ultimately expect to buy in on the share repurchase program, but would that be a five-year period or are you thinking more like a two-year period?
Steve Chazen: We will start with - I wouldn't get wrapped around the axle on this restricted cash stuff. Cash is reasonably fungible and all were doing is showing you the account paying down. It's not really - rather than keep more restricted, we just say the dividend comes out of that bank account. So it has to come from somewhere. We don't really know about the pace. We're price sensitive. You know, I point out that really the domestic program last year had an F&D, if you cut through all of the BS of $13, $14 and we expect to bring that down some more. So we're running a pretty profitable program. Maybe not at $25 oil but certainly in the 50s. So as far as the pace of the share repurchase, the stocks are volatile and when there is negative volatility, I guess volatility is always used negatively, but nobody ever talks about upside volatility, but down side volatility which I'm sure will come at some point in this, that's almost a step up and buy a lot of shares rather than just treat it as a constant flow. So I don't really know. We set aside a fair amount of money for that this year, but if prices are more attractive, we will spend more. I don't really have a budget in the usual sense of the word.
Unidentified Analyst: And would you want to comment on what you would find an attractive price to?
Steve Chazen: No I wouldn't want to.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, I figured that. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: I wanted to follow up on a couple of the earlier questions. First, you mentioned that you would have flexibility to increase activity if you can get another $250 million in savings. Can you just talk more to what that scenario looks like? Would that mean your portfolio would achieve attractive returns at $60 Brent and you would ramp back up in the areas that you are currently ramping down, i.e., you would recommit to MidCon or would you just ultimately look to focus more on the incrementally--
Steve Chazen: It would be all Permian. The MidCon is, well, putting aside South Dakota, is basically gas. So the Brent price is sort of irrelevant. And it really can't compete for dollars for quite a while against the Permian. North Dakota has this huge differential to price right now. So that's really what's discouraging us up there. So I think you should plan that in the $60 environment or $65 environment, whatever you are thinking that we would spend more in the Permian. The savings, $250 million, we could add about 3 rigs on an annual basis to cover that. So it was running about 100 million a year or so, it would probably run a little less now. So that is a way to think about how much more we would do. But we got a fair inventory and as prices move up, the inventory obviously expands.
Brian Singer: And then back to the Permian acquisition in looking at that 100,000 acre deal you mentioned the strength was the efficiency that it has with existing positions. Based on the placement of your existing acreage within the Permian can you just talk to the scope for how many more fill-in acres would be optimal for you with your acreage positions and whether you see those opportunities becoming available?
Steve Chazen: We don't know about opportunities because some people may have debt and they probably don't want to sell it for less than their debt. We just don't have any way of pacing that at this point. We don't really know. If we found more in the Barilla Draw, that would be really interesting and there is acreage around there thats held by others. And some a little bit in the Midland basin, but that is what we have. I don't know whether it's 300,000 acres or 200,000, it's not millions of acres.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Maybe a couple more follow-up questions on the Permian. Can talk a little bit what you're seeing from a well performance point of view in 2015 and 2016 production targets [inaudible] despite CapEx cuts, is this the efficiency gains? Better well performance? Combination of both?
Vicki Hollub: It is. We haven't changed our 2016 target yet, because we're still anticipating that. If prices were to go up, we would have the flexibility to add rigs. We may have to adjust that a little bit toward the end of this year if prices remain where they are, but one of the things we're encouraged is we certainly are seeing better performance particularly in the Barilla Draw area and particularly with the last well that I mentioned in the call today. We're seeing not only opportunities to improve our landing point within the benches but our completion efficiencies are improving and so we're really encouraged with what we're seeing there and what we're see from the Spraberry in the Midland basin.
Ryan Todd: And then maybe on cost at this point, the 2015 budget, your approval budget costs in the Permian in 2015, what is it relative to 2014 costs and is it that mostly efficiency gains or do you have anything for price deflation or is that additional upside?
Chris Stavros: We priced about 250 million for cost reductions that we pretty much achieved. And we expect to get some more, but we certainly do price that in already and efficiency gains are built in. Efficiency gains really come from focusing on a few places rather than going all over creation. That's really what causes it and we built that in.
Ryan Todd: So I guess in additional $250 million that you had highlighted on the slide, there is certainly potential down side from a price deflation point of view but efficiency gains at least mark-to-market from where you guys are right now, I guess.
Chris Stavros: I guess that's right.
Operator: Our next question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: A few quick follow-ups for me. First on the buyback I presume most of the buyback in 4Q was executed after or in December after the spin?
Steve Chazen: Yes.
Evan Calio: And the second, I know that you're price sensitive and/or I would say price aware, so do you see the flexibility to use your currency for adding assets, if your view it were to be expensive relative?
Steve Chazen: We have never - I think I used stock once in the last 20 years and regretted it ever since. So maybe I have been doing this too long. So too good of a memory about bad outcomes. If you are going to use your stock, you really have to make sure that whatever you are doing is significantly accretive. Cash, at least cash, you are you only paying 3% or whatever it is interest, but if you're using stock, we're paying almost 4% in dividends by putting even putting that aside, we don't want to dilute the quality of your portfolio with some whacky deal. And so if you are going to gamble on wackiness, you probably ought to gamble with cash rather than stock.
Evan Calio: So maybe a follow-up on the Permian acquisition that you made in the quarter, any color in terms of location, well inventory--
Steve Chazen: It's a Midland basin acquisition. And there is a - I mean just a matter of price. When you talk about locations, you also got to factor in price. I think going in, I thought it was about 2700 locations.
Evan Calio: Okay. And will you expect activity there in 2015 or will that be part of your focus area?
Steve Chazen: Yes, we do.
Evan Calio: Is that due to economics or because it is non-HBP?
Steve Chazen: It is economics principally. There is some non-HBP. We will probably use a vertical rig there to keep some of the acreage.
Operator: Our last question is from Matt Portillo of TPH. Please go ahead.
Matt Portillo: Just a quick follow-up question in regards to your Permian rig count and spending program. I believe you mentioned you're running roughly 29 rigs coming into the first quarter. Was curious if you could give us a little bit of color on the cadence of kind of that rig drop as you move through the year, to average the 19 rigs in 2015? And then I have a follow-up question with regards to your overall capital program.
Vicki Hollub: Currently, we're going to average also 29 rigs in Q1 and then toward the end of Q1, we start to ramp down and by Q3, the beginning of Q3 we will be at 15 rigs. And at 15 through the rest of the year.
Matt Portillo: And then in regards to your corporate capital program, you mentioned the first quarter will be a bit heavier in terms of CapEx versus the--
Steve Chazen: You can see that in the rig count. It just flows out of the rig count.
Matt Portillo: Right. And I guess just to maybe try to get a little bit of color around how we should think about the magnitude of the change on cap ex, is there any color you can provide as we think about kind of the exit capital program you have talked about in the fourth quarter of 2015, how you would kind of think about the magnitude of the change over the year?
Willie Chiang: I would say directionally, we're starting off at about a 1.8 billion in Q1 and ramping down to about a 1.2 billion rough numbers.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Chris Stavros for any closing remarks.
Chris Degner: Thank you, Emily and thanks everyone for participating today. Bye.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Degner - SVP, IR and Treasurer Chris Stavros - CFO Steve Chazen - President and CEO Vicki Hollub - President, Oil and Gas, Americas Willie Chiang - EVP, Operations Sandy Lowe - President, International Oil and Gas Operations
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Doug Terreson - ISI Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Leo Mariani - RBC Capital Markets Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research Roger Reid - Wells Fargo Securities Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research 
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions) Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Degner, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chris Degner: Thank you, Denise. Good morning, everyone and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleums third quarter 2014 conference call. On the call with us this morning are Steve Chazen, OXYs President and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Stavros, Chief Financial Officer; Vicki Hollub, President Oil and Gas in the Americas; Willie Chiang, Executive Vice President of Operations and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Operations. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to our CFO, Chris Stavros, who will review our financial and operating results for the third quarter and also provide some guidance for the current quarter. Our CEO Steve Chazen, will then provide an update on the progress of our strategic initiatives and outlook for 2015. Vicki Hollub, will then provide an update of our activities in the Permian Basin. Willie Chiang will conclude the call with an update on OXYs Midstream operation. As a reminder, todays conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Additional information on the factors that could cause results to differ is available on the Companys most recent Form 10-K. Our third quarter 2014 earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules, and the conference call presentation slides, can be downloaded off of our Web site at www.oxy.com. Ill now turn the call over to Chris Stavros. Chris, please go ahead.
Chris Stavros: Thanks, Chris, and good morning everyone. We generated core income of $1.2 billion for the third quarter of 2014 resulting in diluted earnings per share of $1.58, a decrease from both the year ago quarter and the second quarter of 2014. The decline in core earnings was attributable mainly to lower realized oil prices on a worldwide production and the sharp decline in trading performance on a sequential quarterly basis. For the fifth consecutive quarter, we continued our strong domestic oil production growth. We met our guidance and achieved the year-over-year domestic oil production increase of 20,000 BOE per day or about 8%, let by our Permian and California assets. We also repurchased 4.7 million shares of our stock during the quarter and ended the period with 2.9 billion of cash on our balance sheet. Oil and gas core after tax earnings for the third quarter of 2014 were $1.1 billion, $90 million lower than the second quarter of this year and $236 million lower than last years third quarter. For the third quarter of 2014, total company oil and gas production volumes averaged 755,000 BOE per day, an increase of 19,000 BOE in daily production from the second quarter and 6,000 BOE per day from the same period a year ago, which excludes production from the Hugoton assets for all periods. Our third quarter 2014 realized oil prices of $94.68 per barrel fell by $5.70 compared to the second quarter realizations of $100.38 a barrel. In the third quarter of 2014 after tax core income for our domestic oil and gas operations was 538 million. On a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis, results at our domestic operations were negatively impacted by lower realized prices across all products. Improved volumes however offset roughly a quarter of the earnings decline caused by lower prices. On a year-over-year basis, domestic operations declined by 252 million after tax which reflected the impact of lower realized oil prices partially offset by increased oil production volumes. The lower realized oil prices were impacted by the large differentials we saw in the Permian Basin. Willie Chiang will provide a more in depth discussion around Permian differentials later on in the call. Total domestic oil and gas production averaged 475,000 BOE per day during the third quarter of 2014, up 11,000 BOE per day sequentially. Domestic oil production was 282,000 barrels per day during the third quarter, a new quarterly record for OXY. Domestic oil production volumes increased by 20,000 barrels per day from the year ago quarter with our Permian Resources business growing its oil production by 26% to 43,000 barrels per day. On a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis, total domestic oil production growth was 6,000 barrels per day. International after tax core income was $624 million for the third quarter of 2014 with results improving by 8% sequentially due to a lifting in Iraq which had none in the second quarter and higher sales volumes in both Colombia and Qatar. Income for our international oil and gas operations remained about flat versus the year ago period. International oil and gas sales volumes rose by 4,000 BOE per day on a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis. The improvement was largely due to higher volumes in Colombia which experienced fewer pipeline incidents in the period. Oil and gas cash operating cost were $14.89 per barrel in the third quarter of 2014 compared to $14.68 per barrel in the second quarter. Taxes other than on income which are directly related to product prices were $2.64 per barrel for the third quarter of 2014 and $2.80 for the first nine months of the year. Third quarter exploration expense was $53 million. Chemical third quarter 2014 pre-tax earnings were $140 million compared with second quarter results of $133 million and $181 million in the year ago quarter. Although slightly below our guidance, the sequential improvement in the third quarter was due to higher caustic soda prices and volumes along with lower natural gas costs, offset by lower vinyls margins resulting from rapidly escalating ethylene cost. We expect our fourth quarter pre-tax chemical earnings to be about $115 million reflecting a historical slowdown, seasonal slowdown, due to the combination of maintenance outages, holiday shutdowns and some customer initiatives to reduce year-end inventories. Midstream pre-tax segment earnings were $125 million for the third quarter of 2014 compared to $219 million in the second quarter and 212 million in the same period a year ago. The 2014 sequential quarterly decline in earnings resulted mainly from much weaker trading performance driven by sharp commodity price movements during the period, partially offset by higher income from power generation and the domestic pipeline businesses. In the first nine months of 2014, we generated $8.6 billion of cash flow from operations before changes in working capital. Working capital changes decreased our cash flow from operations by $416 million to $8.2 billion. 2014 year-to-date cash flow from operations declined by approximately 1.6 billion compared to the same year ago period. The first nine months of 2014 included tax payments of 570 million related to the gain of the sale of the PAGP units and our Hugoton assets and the first nine months of 2013 included the collection of a tax receivable. Capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2014 were 7.3 billion net of partner contributions. Our capital outlays included 410 million associated with the Al Hosn Gas project and $275 million for the BridgeTex pipeline. During the first nine months of this year, we received proceeds of $1.3 billion from the sale of our Hugoton assets and spent about $425 million toward domestic bolt-on acquisitions. We issued 1.6 billion of commercial paper during the latter part of the third quarter as part of our short-term cash management process which has already been repaid. After paying dividends of 1.6 billion buying back 2.1 billion of company stock and other net flows, our cash balance was 2.9 billion at September 30. Our debt to capitalization ratio was 16% at quarter end. Our 2014 annualized return on equity was 12% and return on capital employed was around 10.5%. Earlier this month, we received cash proceeds of approximately $5 billion from the bond offering completed by California Resources. IRS rules mandate that the use of these proceeds be restricted to share repurchases, dividend payments or debt retirement. We will be receiving an additional 1.2 billion of cash from California Resources concurrent with the spinoff in late November. The use of these proceeds will be unrestricted. The worldwide effective tax rate on our core income was 40% for the third quarter of 2014 and we expect to combine worldwide tax rate in the fourth quarter to remain about the same. Lastly, I will outline some guidance and a few points on our reporting disclosures for the fourth quarter. Due to the recent sharp decline in oil prices and the completion of the California spinoff at the end of the next month, it will be difficult for the financial community to predict our earnings per share for the fourth quarter. When OXY completes the spinoff of California resources at the end of November, we will reclassify the financial and operational results to discontinued operations for our core results disclosure. As such, our fourth quarter core income will exclude all of California results and income on a reported basis will include two months of California results. Total year results on a reported basis will include 11 month contribution from our California operations classified as discontinued. Included in the IR supplemental schedules is a pro forma table segregating OXYs sold and spun off domestic production from our ongoing operations for the historical quarterly 2013 and 2014 periods. For the fourth quarter, we expect to see continued production growth from the Permian Resources. In addition, with the startup of the BridgeTex pipeline, OXY will capture a portion of the spread between LLS and WTI Midland on approximately 200,000 barrels per day of oil transported to the Gulf Coast. Willie will discuss the benefits of the BridgeTex startup in a few moments. We expect our international volumes to increase in the fourth quarter with the Al Hosn Gas project coming online and the positive impact to volumes for our production sharing contracts that are sensitive to the decline in oil prices. On a go forward basis, excluding California, price changes at current global prices affect our quarterly earnings before income taxes by $29 million for $1 per barrel change in oil prices and $6 million for $1 per barrel change in NGL prices. A swing of $0.50 per MMBtu in domestic natural gas prices affects quarterly pre-tax earnings by about $15 million. These price change sensitivities include the impact of production sharing contract volume changes on income. Our fourth quarter 2014 exploration expense is anticipated to be about $60 million pre-tax. Ill now turn the call over to Steve Chazen who will provide an update on some of our strategic and growth initiatives.
Steve Chazen:  Thank you, Chris. The overall business is operating well, and our increased investment focused in the Permian Resources operation is evidenced by the 24% year-over-year growth in total production. Other long-term investments such as the BridgeTex pipeline and the Al Hosn Gas project should also begin contributing to our results in the current quarter. We continue to make steady progress towards furthering our strategic initiatives outlined a year ago. The spin-off of California Resources is on-track and we expect to distribute approximately 310 million shares to new California Company to OXY shareholders at the end of November. California Resources completed its debt financing earlier this month and distributed approximately 5 billion in cash to us as a tax free dividend on October 9th, the dividend of 1.2 billion of proceeds from the term loan and credit facility will happen concurrent with the spin-off. After the spin-off and for a period of lasting up to 18 months OXY will retain approximately 75 million shares of the California Company. At some point during this period we intend to conduct an exchange offer for the remaining California shares for OXY shares further reducing our own shares outstanding. Over the years OXY has made significant investments in California oil and gas and has built a solid business. With the separation of these assets the California operations will be classified as discontinued. The resulting impact is expect to provide lower unit rates for cash operating costs, DD&A and F&D costs for OXY as well as improved reserve replacement ratios on both on a historical and an ongoing basis. Regarding our interest in the Williston and Piceance Basins given the current product price environment we plan to operate these assets with less capital in order to generate free cash and shift our investment towards our higher growth and higher return on operations in the Permian Basin. In the Middle East we continue to make progress negotiation with our partners towards a partial monetization with a goal to improve the businesss ability to grow profitably from a somewhat smaller base. Overtime we expect to achieve a similar balance in our asset mix and roughly 60% of oil and gas production coming from the United States. Overtime we also expect to monetize our remaining interest in the GP of Plains All-American Pipeline which is currently valued at more than $4 billion. And this is some other midstream assets and market conditions warrant. We expect to generate a large amount of cash proceeds from initiatives I have mentioned. While we expect the bulk of these proceeds will be used to repurchase our own shares, we also hope to invest in the business through attractive bolt-on acquisitions in our core area of the Permian Basin. Opportunities may exist for accretive property acquisitions that have current production and growth prospects and also complement our existing acreage. We have no intention of acquiring public companies since their current pricing reflects high oil prices and a near perfect outcome for production. Since the end of the third quarter of 2013 we have repurchased approximately 31 million shares of the Companys stock for nearly $3 billion. The Board recently authorized repurchase of additional 60 million shares of the Companys stock leaving the program with 76 million shares. Were currently undergoing our annual capital budgeting process and are mindful of the recent decline in oil prices. A significant amount of long-term investment including the capital for BridgeTex pipeline and the Al Hosn project is nearing completion. We expect our overall capital program to decline in 2015 given the absence of California and the completion of multiple long-term projects. We also expect significant decline in our spending in the Middle East as we begin to reap the benefits of some of our earlier long-term investments. The vast majority of capital budget next year will be allocated to our domestic oil and gas drilling operations while we maintain flexibility in our budget. We also expect that since the service companies were happy to raise prices when oil was going up that they would have been just as happy to have their prices lower in the future. Some of the reductions in the program in a long-term project will be allocated to profitable growth opportunities in the Permian Resources, midstream and chemicals. If lower crude oil prices persist or fall further, we will adjust our capital program to manage within our cash flow, probably by reducing or not growing this quickly in the back half of the year. We plan to provide more detailed capital program for 2015 during the fourth quarter earnings call or early next year. Excluding California we expect to see an acceleration of total oil and gas production growth in 2015 given the ample opportunity of capital deployment in the Permian Resources and the ramp-up of production from Al Hosn. In the United States we expect Permian Resource to deliver production growth of at least 20% in 2015 primarily from oil. We expect the resources business to exit 2014 at over 80,000 BOE a day and to exit next year at over 100,000 BOE a day. Our total domestic production excluding California should grow 5% to 8% reflecting a modest decline in our natural gas and NGL volumes. In the Middle East first production of Al Hosn Gas project is anticipated later this quarter. OXYs net share of production is expected to ramp towards 60,000 BOE a day during the first half of next year. Company-wide and excluding California we expect our total oil and gas production to grow 8% to 10% next year. While a recent sharp decline in oil prices may provide some headwinds to the business in 2015, our commitment to a conservative balance sheet with low cost oil production gives us confidence in our operations and the capacity to make targeted property acquisitions. We expect our cash balance to exceed our total debt by the end of this year. OXY has built to thrive in an environment where our core properties in the Permian EOR business and production sharing contract for the Middle East which provides relatively stable cash flow. Following the execution of the California spinoff, OXYs philosophy of disciplined capital allocation will continue. Our core businesses will continue to focus on delivering moderate volume growth, generating higher earnings and cash flow per share, as well as improved financial returns. Our Permian Resources business will represent the key area of growth within our domestic operations. Ill now turn the call over to Vicki Hollub for an update on our activities in Permian Resources.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Steve. In last quarters call, I discussed our progress toward reaching 120,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of production in 2016 by achieving the following goals; first, correlating rock and fluid properties to production performance across OXYs entire Permian acreage position; second, optimizing development strategy and design to unlock full primary development potential; and third, efficiently accelerating full field development and production growth. We made significant progress on these goals in the third quarter, and continue to improve and optimize our stimulation designs for each field and bench. In addition to testing slick water and hybrid fluid systems we are testing and analyzing other key variables such as pumping rate, pad volumes, propane type, propane concentrations, surfactants, cluster count and spacing, clusters per stage and alternate technologies to plug and perforate, our efforts to driving significant improvements in well productivity in our Delaware and Midland Basin assets. In the third quarter, Permian Resources had daily production of 77,000 BOE per day which is a 7% increase from the 72,000 BOE per day that were produced in the second quarter. We produced 43,000 barrels of oil per day for the third quarter. This is a 26% increase from a year ago and an 8% increase from last quarter. During the third quarter, our capital expenditures were $472 million. We operated 24 rigs and drilled 75 wells, including 44 horizontals. We placed 71 wells on production including 36 horizontals. The number of wells drilled and placed on production was adversely impacted by delays attributable to flooding which occurred in September. This impact reduced the number of horizontal wells placed on production by approximately 10. Weve increased the number of frac spreads in the fourth quarter to address the additional carry in well inventory. And in the fourth quarter, we plan to operate an average of 30 rigs and exit the year with 34 rigs. We expect to drill 80 wells and place 75 wells on production, including 48 horizontals. Before discussing the third quarter activity in greater detail, I would like to share some more information regarding the drilling potential we see on our acreage. OXYs unconventional plays in the Permian are spread across 2 million acres in the Midland Basin, Central Basin Platform, Northwest Shelf and Delaware Basin. Our teams continue to utilize our extensive knowledge and appraisal work to characterize prospective benches and target landing zones within each bench. To-date weve identified approximately 7,100 potential well locations. Overall, more than 92% of the locations are horizontal and our results confirm the economics of horizontal wells exceed most vertical wells. In the Delaware Basin we have currently identified 4,250 horizontal locations with 1,450 in the Wolfcamp A and B benches. The majority of these locations are in our operated areas in Reeves County. The Bone Spring potential is equally as significant with 1,500 potential locations. These are primarily located in New Mexico and could increase with further success in Texas. In the Midland Basin, weve identified 23 horizontal locations, and 1,050 of these are in the development phase targeting the Spraberry, Wolfcamp A and B benches. Were highly encouraged with recent results of these benches achieved through our frac design optimization and increases in lateral lengths. In the Delaware Basin we operated 11 horizontal drilling rigs and one vertical drilling rig in the third quarter. We drilled 41 wells and placed 40 on production. In our Barilla Draw acreage we placed eight horizontal wells on production in the Wolfcamp A and B benches. These wells achieved a peak rate of 1,355 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 1,067 BOE per day. Our Ryman 14 5H well achieved an average peak rate of 1,600 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 1,365. We completed our first Delaware zipper frac on the Anna Katherine 5H and 6H reducing completion cost by $700,000 due to the efficiency gain from simultaneous operations. These two wells achieved an average peak rate of 1,600 BOE per day and an average 30 day rate of 1,225. The production rates achieved on our wells placed on production in the third quarter are significantly above our first half 2014 rates. This increase is directly attributable to the breakthroughs were achieving in our optimization program, including increasing sand concentration, lengthening laterals and optimizing cluster spacing. Additionally, our Wolfcamp A wells are matching the 900,000 BOE type curve and production from our horizontal wells in the Delaware Basin is averaging 89% total liquids, and 77% oil. Our appraisal efforts in the 2nd Bone Spring and Wolfcamp C benches in the Delaware Basin continued in the third quarter. Were excited to see enhanced performance from the Bone Spring and anticipate further gains as we incorporate learnings from the full core we acquired in the third quarter. These learnings will drive improvements in 2015. Additionally, were encouraged by recent results achieved in the Wolfcamp C, our Totsy 206H well achieved an average initial rate of 1,356 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 912. In the Midland Basin we operated eight horizontal drilling rigs and four vertical drilling rigs during the quarter. We drilled 34 wells and placed 31 on production. Were very encouraged with the results of the Spraberry bench plan to accelerate development of this bench in 2015. During the third quarter we placed the South Curtis Ranch 3526H well on production, this well was completed in the lower Spraberry bench and achieved an average peak rate of 934 BOE per day at an average 30 day rate of 913. We have two additional Spraberry wells on flow back with initial production results that look similar to the South Curtis Ranch 3526. These wells are exceeding the 700,000 BOE type curve. In the Spraberry Wolfcamp A and Wolfcamp B we placed 11 horizontal wells on production in the third quarter with a peak rate of 731 BOE per day at an average 30 day rate of 541. Production from these wells averaged 91% total liquids, 81% oil. We continue to gather and evaluate cores, cuttings, advanced slogs, micro-seismic, tracers and pressure data, to link reservoir characterization to well performance. We have recently acquired 474 feet of continuous horizontal core from one of our Wolfcamp B wells. This will allow for better definition of lateral, reservoir with logic variations and enabled us to tune those differences to open hole logs to optimize placement of perforation clusters and improve frac design. Were making significant progress in our design optimization efforts and are confident this will translate into further improvements in well productivity in upcoming quarters. For example at Dora Roberts we drilled a 10,000 foot lateral in the Wolfcamp B bench, this well the Dora Roberts 4027H achieved a peak rate of 1,437 BOE per day and a 30 day rate of 671. This well is exceeding the 650,000 BOE type curve. Additionally we recently drilled the Hendrix 1H well in Qatar that achieved an average 30 day rate of 775 BOE per day. In closing OXYs program in 2014 is designed to delineate and appraise our acreage in order to maximize both ultimate recovery and financial returns. We continue to make progress, translating the knowledge gained in our appraisal efforts to create value from our unconventional acreage. We have positioned the required resources to execute accelerated development in 2015 but maintain the flexibility to optimize our portfolio and pace. Were on target to deliver 15% to 18% production growth in 2014 and remain confident that we will achieve our target of 120,000 BOE per day in 2016. Ill now turn the call over to Willie, who will provide you an update on the Permian marketing strategy.
Willie Chiang:  Thanks Vickie, good morning everyone. Id like to just take a few minutes to briefly update you on our midstream and marketing strategies in the Permian. Its particularly important in todays market environment to maximize realized value for production and our strategy to do so is primarily by ensuring access to markets. Now I spent some time last earnings call on our midstream strategy to show you how were trying to develop and secure takeaway capacity in the Permian Basin. I have a Slide 29, that shows our strategy which is really focused on two new key takeaway points. Colorado City which is the origin of the BridgeTex pipeline in Midland South, which is the origin to keep third-party pipelines Long Horn and Cactus. These takeaway points complement our Centurion gathering system by providing us the additional access to multiple markets. Now as you are aware the BridgeTex pipeline commenced service this September and together with a start up of some additional pipelines in the next few months we expect differentials to return to levels that will reflect the marginal cost of transportation. Slide 30, shows the pricing differentials for Midland WTI versus LLS. During takeaway constrain periods you can see the LLS Midland differential widen to $30 a barrel and is averaged approximately $16 a barrel over the past four years. In 2014 the LLS Midland differential has averaged $12 year-to-date and todays its currently roughly $10 a barrel. Our unique upstream and midstream perspective to the Permian basin has enabled us to be a driving force behind the construction of new pipeline infrastructure, as well as takeaway capacity from the Basin. Slide 31, shows how we view the key value components for infrastructure projects such as BridgeTex. As a standalone pipeline investment we look at tariff revenue to ensure a solid return consistent with our targeted rate of return for domestic midstream projects. This can generate cash of roughly $1 to $3 a barrel. Second value driver is when we enter into long-term and cost advantage transportation commitments on pipelines as a shipper. This gives us sufficient access to markets compared to other transportation routes and options, depending on the project advantage tariffs can add another $1 to $3 a barrel of incremental value. However the point I want to make is that the critical value for OXY is really to avoid discounted prices that result from infrastructure constraints and unplanned outages. The value is significant and if you look at the past four years can be $10 a barrel or more. Now our significant takeaway commitment on BridgeTex is a great example of how we capture this value and in todays market is roughly a $1 million a day for OXY. Our Permian Basin strategy utilizes all these value drivers to reach multiple markets and we have secured access to long-term takeaway capacity of roughly 3 times our current production from the Basin. Now this really positions us well to continue to grow our production, maximize realized prices and capture market opportunities. Ill turn the call back now to Chris Degner. Thank you.
Chris Degner: Thanks Willie. And Denise were ready to take questions.
Question:
and:
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) The first question will come from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio : Good morning guys. My first question is most of your large cap E&P peers are increasingly within cash flow or are more limited by their balance sheets. Given OXYs under-levered balance sheet versus anybody, other than a super major, would you be willing to outspend cash flow in the downturn? And as a method to right size your balance sheet, or really I guess whats the writer of targeted capital structure for OXY moving forward?
 Morgan Stanley: Good morning guys. My first question is most of your large cap E&P peers are increasingly within cash flow or are more limited by their balance sheets. Given OXYs under-levered balance sheet versus anybody, other than a super major, would you be willing to outspend cash flow in the downturn? And as a method to right size your balance sheet, or really I guess whats the writer of targeted capital structure for OXY moving forward?
Steve Chazen: Well, first I would argue, were better capitalized in the majors. So, I think they are over leveraged myself, but anyway I think as Chris pointed out were going to have a lot of cash at the end of the year from variety of sources mostly from the California business. Some of that of course will be used to reduce our share count, maybe the bulk of that to reduce our share count. We continue to look for opportunities to grow the business in the Permian through investment. So, well, our drilling program or maybe in line with cash flow if we see other opportunities to small property acquisitions or even medium sized ones well use our balance sheet to do those. And those would effectively be an increase in the program in excess of cash flow. So, I think weve always had a balance of drilling and acquisitions its more shifted clearly to drilling now because we have so much to do. But so I think I dont think you will see massive changes in our leverage but you will see obviously less equity in our equity count as we buy down a lot of stock. So, I think therell always be a balance. If there was a sharp reduction in oil prices created more buying opportunities so we wouldnt hesitate to increase our leverage to grow the business, so I think that from our perspective this is sort of good times. I sort of know what to do with $75 oil or less, but I have no idea what to do with the $120. So I think this is really good times for us, may not be good times for people who use this as a proxy for oil price, these are stocks or proxy for oil price but as a fundamental business matter see cyclical downturns is where you use the balance sheet to build the business. And I think thats I am hoping a lot of happy talk now especially from service companies about how this is temporary I dont know how anybody knows that. If I can predict oil prices Id be sitting on a beach in Gali and wouldnt come to work and wouldnt mess with this production business. So, I think that as a practical matter you got to -- this is a volatile time there may be a recession worldwide I dont really know I dont see that. But a little lower oil prices I think could take some of the volumes out of it and gives us some opportunities to head to our business. So our goal is to grow our earnings per share, our reserves per share, cash flow per share through a combination share reduction and hopefully building the business either through drilling or acquisitions, and maybe both.
Evan Calio : Absolutely well positioned for a down market, maybe a related question but on buybacks you used to have a slide where you built up to 100 million share buyback. And I guess there is two questions, its not included today. If there is any change in thought there? And secondly, when you did the 100 million share a potential buyback, it was determined when OXY was $100 a share, its $89 today. All things being equal it will be lower following the CRC spin. And at the same time the elements that are funding the buyback are largely flat, right? So I guess is there how do you think about that which is approximately about $1 billion delta or is it looking at your
 Morgan Stanley: Absolutely well positioned for a down market, maybe a related question but on buybacks you used to have a slide where you built up to 100 million share buyback. And I guess there is two questions, its not included today. If there is any change in thought there? And secondly, when you did the 100 million share a potential buyback, it was determined when OXY was $100 a share, its $89 today. All things being equal it will be lower following the CRC spin. And at the same time the elements that are funding the buyback are largely flat, right? So I guess is there how do you think about that which is approximately about $1 billion delta or is it looking at your
Steve Chazen: We denominated the stuff in shares because thats the way we think about it how many shares are we buying back. Were fairly somewhat disciplined in making sure that we dont buy shares at prices that are imply, that are excess of our finding and development cost. So I think thats the way we sort of look at it. We announced the share repurchases as we actually have the cash in hand. Its not intended as a forecast to what we might ultimately do as more cash comes in hand you should expect the share repurchase authority would rise. So it wasnt the 60 million shares weve added so we got 76 I think roughly left to go. You should view that as sort of the cash in hand number not the ultimate and the ultimate will be dependent on the pace of proceeds from various things. So I think were not trying to forecast, when I say this is what we got in our hand now. But it turns out that we have excess money because the price of stock is too low, well adjust the share repurchase to higher numbers.
Evan Calio : And do how we consider a time table? Is that for the buyback, given its significantly higher than a level historically or is it still just going to be level driven program?
 Morgan Stanley: And do how we consider a time table? Is that for the buyback, given its significantly higher than a level historically or is it still just going to be level driven program?
Steve Chazen: Its driven principally by the stock price. So we look for buying opportunities in the market when people become irrational.
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Terreson of ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson :  Steve I have a couple of questions about the main E&P business. First from a strategic perspective, there has been commentary about divestitures in Oman and other countries and so whether or not you comment on assets individually or the positions in main in general. I want to see if we could get an update on likely strategic outcomes there and/or the environment for monetization and main in general which you have talked about in the past? And then the second question, you guys mentioned that Al Hosn is going to start up on time in the current quarter which is good. And so the second question is whether it is going to come in on budget as well? So two questions.
 ISI:  Steve I have a couple of questions about the main E&P business. First from a strategic perspective, there has been commentary about divestitures in Oman and other countries and so whether or not you comment on assets individually or the positions in main in general. I want to see if we could get an update on likely strategic outcomes there and/or the environment for monetization and main in general which you have talked about in the past? And then the second question, you guys mentioned that Al Hosn is going to start up on time in the current quarter which is good. And so the second question is whether it is going to come in on budget as well? So two questions.
Steve Chazen: The second, last well have Sandy answer the budget question, but its sort of one word answer. But on the overall reduction its sort of one at a time but our objective is the same one way or another to get value out of the Middle East business some by selling it and may be some by speeding up the cash out of the asset where it is more difficult. So one way or another were basically using the business to downsize the size of that business make it less important on the company. Still an important part but its going to be a lot of cash is going to come out of that business one way or another over the next few months. And so I think were going along it slower than I would like of course. But to some extent by showing being too anxious sometimes you get a worst result than you might some other way. And so Sandy will answer the question on budget.
Sandy Lowe:  The answer is while I am worried yes were on budget its a well planned project and well tended the start up sequence has been initiated and we expect to have some product sales in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate :  Steve I also have two questions. I guess my first one is for Vickie. I really wanted to talk about the Permian or ask you about the Permian growth trajectory that you have provided for us. Your run rate since you ramped up the rig count by about 5,000 barrels a day per quarter and I realize its very simplistic just to look at the absolute move sequentially. But you are significantly accelerating the rig count and the backlog it looks like, so I am just trying to reconcile a substantially higher activity level with a similar quarterly rate of growth that we -- implied by your projections for the next couple of years. Thats my first question. I have got a follow-up please.
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Steve I also have two questions. I guess my first one is for Vickie. I really wanted to talk about the Permian or ask you about the Permian growth trajectory that you have provided for us. Your run rate since you ramped up the rig count by about 5,000 barrels a day per quarter and I realize its very simplistic just to look at the absolute move sequentially. But you are significantly accelerating the rig count and the backlog it looks like, so I am just trying to reconcile a substantially higher activity level with a similar quarterly rate of growth that we -- implied by your projections for the next couple of years. Thats my first question. I have got a follow-up please.
Steve Chazen: Ill let her answer the question but I think I wouldnt confuse our expectations with our promises. There is probably a wide difference between them. Go ahead Vickie.
Vicki Hollub:  Yes Doug originally we had not planned to reach the exit rate this year with 34 rigs. But weve accelerated our development a little bit and as you noticed were a little bit behind on some of our wells completed but weve added another couple of frac spreads. So, now as of 1 of November well be at 7 to address the well inventory. And with respect to the rigs going forward we still intend to stay somewhat as per the schedule that we had showed in our last presentation. Were just seeing a little more opportunity here to get a little bit ahead of the game.
Doug Leggate : So this not working interest issue, I think in terms of subsequent wells from here having a lower working interest maybe you could give us an idea of what after working interest is? Thanks.
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So this not working interest issue, I think in terms of subsequent wells from here having a lower working interest maybe you could give us an idea of what after working interest is? Thanks.
Vicki Hollub: We kind of gave you an indication on the slide in the presentation that for the Midland Basin generally speaking our working interest is close to 92% overall and in the Delaware Basin around 76% generally speaking.
Doug Leggate : Okay, thanks for that. Steve, my follow-up is really I realized were going to have to wait on the capital for the till the end of the year. But just as an order of magnitude I wonder if you could help given all the moving parts with California going BridgeTex and Al Hosn largely done. And what I am really trying to get at is how you think about balancing spending with the dividend as opposed to asset monetizations funding the buyback? How should we think about dividend policy and maybe a broad scale of spending for next year, if you could? Thank you.
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks for that. Steve, my follow-up is really I realized were going to have to wait on the capital for the till the end of the year. But just as an order of magnitude I wonder if you could help given all the moving parts with California going BridgeTex and Al Hosn largely done. And what I am really trying to get at is how you think about balancing spending with the dividend as opposed to asset monetizations funding the buyback? How should we think about dividend policy and maybe a broad scale of spending for next year, if you could? Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Its hard to do the budget right now because there is a number of moving parts and we have to talk with our partners in the Middle East about the size of the program there. And I just assume that telegraph or thoughts right now. But I think our Permian program certainly for the first half of the year will be what we told people would be. So I dont expect any real change in that, some of the other stuff maybe tweaked a little bit and some of the other programs. We just dont know. But as far as the dividends are concerned I think if you go back to the slide weve only shown for what I say 10 years but I think Chris who is shaking his head said that it is more, it says after maintenance capital which is making the company safe. The next line is dividends before growth, and so we view our commitment to the shareholders on dividends to be part of our overall commitment. How much exactly youre going to raise the dividend wise is remains to be seen. And there is obviously a little confusion by with the lower oil prices. But I think -- I dont think. Weve raised the dividends I think for a dozen years I dont think were going to break the theme next year. And so I assume the dividends will go up. Weve got a lot of cash and a lot of projects to fund almost anything we want to do. And so I dont think anybody should be concerned. And were focused on making sure that the drilling program delivers the results its supposed to deliver. If it delivers the results its supposed to deliver therell be plenty of money over the next two or three years for dividends, dividend growth continued dividend growth and the share reduction and lots of growth in the business. So if we deliver the results that were doing so far and our plans are pretty much on target and we have plenty of cash flow and I dont think anybody should worry about where it will be a couple of years from now. Next year is going to be a messy year you have got comparisons against company with different set of assets were going to have some sales of things next year. And the share count is going to be really confusing for example the performance now for this year is the average shares outstanding for the year to do the EPS calculation which is a lot more than the shares outstanding right now and that remind at the end of the year. So lot of confusing numbers over the next year but I think if you focus if I were looking at the company I would focus on our program in Permian Resources and our cash generation and the rest of business and weve got a lot of -- and I think weve now fixed the realization issue of the Permian Basin we faced the last three or four years. Unfortunately we may have fixed it for everybody in the Basin but we certainly -- but we fixed it for ourselves. So I am pretty optimistic about where we are next year.
Doug Leggate : Great, thanks a lot Steve.
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks a lot Steve.
Operator: The next question will come from Leo Mariani of RBC. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani : I was wondering if you could address a little bit more the comment that you all had made about potentially moderating activity I think the phrase you guys used is if oil prices stay here or move lower and you kind of referred it to the second half of 15. Is there any kind of more granularity you can give around that? I recognized the budget is not done yet and there is moving parts. I know you have ambitious plans to ramp-up the rig count in the Permian. Is there any scenario you can sort of paint whether or not you stop ramping rigs in the second half of the year? Would you actually drop rigs? Could you maybe just talk to that a little bit?
 RBC Capital Markets: I was wondering if you could address a little bit more the comment that you all had made about potentially moderating activity I think the phrase you guys used is if oil prices stay here or move lower and you kind of referred it to the second half of 15. Is there any kind of more granularity you can give around that? I recognized the budget is not done yet and there is moving parts. I know you have ambitious plans to ramp-up the rig count in the Permian. Is there any scenario you can sort of paint whether or not you stop ramping rigs in the second half of the year? Would you actually drop rigs? Could you maybe just talk to that a little bit?
Steve Chazen: I dont think we have any plans to drop rigs. The ramp rate is what we would fall with because the business as we continue to drill wells put them on stream generates cash, more cash, than some people are out looking. And so I think well be okay. And we certainly have the financial flexibility to weather that. On a long-term basis were fairly optimistic about oil prices over the next year or two I dont know. But I think on a long-term basis the industry despite what people say the U.S. business is not healthy at $70 oil. And so I think higher oil prices are in the cards overtime.
Leo Mariani : Okay, and I guess just in the Permian, could you guys maybe talk to what type of well cost youre seeing on the Midland side as well as the Delaware side?
 RBC Capital Markets: Okay, and I guess just in the Permian, could you guys maybe talk to what type of well cost youre seeing on the Midland side as well as the Delaware side?
Steve Chazen: Vicki can probably answer that.
Vicki Hollub: Depending on the depth in the Midland Basin were seeing well costs better in the $7 million to $7.5 million range for our South Curtis Ranch and some of the areas around that. And the Delaware Basin in Texas were seeing well cost in the neighborhood of 8.6 million to 8.7 million and our drilling costs have been improving through some of our efficiency initiatives but its really the completion costs that are driving our total well cost right now. What weve done recently is increased the size of our frac jobs which is giving us better productivity and what we think will be better ultimate recoveries. So when youre seeing higher well cost for us its because were increasing the size of our fracs.
Leo Mariani : Is there any kind of like approximate lateral length you can sort of put around those well costs at all?
 RBC Capital Markets: Is there any kind of like approximate lateral length you can sort of put around those well costs at all?
Vicki Hollub: Around the 8.6 to 8.7 thats generally a lateral length of about 4,500 to 5,000. And in South Curtis Ranch area our lateral length is around 6,100.
Leo Mariani : In terms of your Bakken and Piceance assets I guess you had it in your slides that you guys plan to limit capital there. Could you talk about longer term plans for those assets? I know you had spoken in the past about some in the Bakken properties and also putting the Piceance assets into a JV for maybe an eventual IPO. And I guess you also talked about additional midstream sales when market conditions warrant. Can you maybe just talk through strategically how you are thinking about those assets?
 RBC Capital Markets: In terms of your Bakken and Piceance assets I guess you had it in your slides that you guys plan to limit capital there. Could you talk about longer term plans for those assets? I know you had spoken in the past about some in the Bakken properties and also putting the Piceance assets into a JV for maybe an eventual IPO. And I guess you also talked about additional midstream sales when market conditions warrant. Can you maybe just talk through strategically how you are thinking about those assets?
Steve Chazen: The issue in the Bakken as it simply cant compete for the returns being earned in the Permian. Its not that they are bad assets or anything its just not competitive in our portfolio. And the Piceance is all gas and gas is tough to compete in this environment. So well look and I dont see any way to change. I am not bullish about gas prices I dont see any real way to change the relative competitiveness of North Dakota versus the Permian. We can move oil out of the Permian by pipeline. Thats a much more efficient way to move oil than by train. So I just think that its just well not for our portfolio it wont be able to compete, so ultimately well have to deal with that.
Leo Mariani : That kind of implies an eventual disposition I would assume at some point?
 RBC Capital Markets: That kind of implies an eventual disposition I would assume at some point?
Steve Chazen: Yes sure. Right now its a little noisy because its probably not the perfect time to be doing that.
Operator: The next question will come from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake :  An intriguing comment from Steve just on saying cash flows being under estimated, I mean obviously oil price is making a lot of volatility but maybe some color on that. Is that because you think your promise is going to be exceeded by your expectation of volumes? Do you think its because cash margins are being underestimated as you shift to drilling in the Permian. Is it Al Hosn or is it all three and something else?
 Credit Suisse:  An intriguing comment from Steve just on saying cash flows being under estimated, I mean obviously oil price is making a lot of volatility but maybe some color on that. Is that because you think your promise is going to be exceeded by your expectation of volumes? Do you think its because cash margins are being underestimated as you shift to drilling in the Permian. Is it Al Hosn or is it all three and something else?
Steve Chazen:  Generally I think people have underestimated the cash flow that will come out of the assets they basically take what we did this year and add 2% or something to it than adjust for price. The Al Hosn project will certainly add. There is other things that I think will add, but I think we show you I think, there is a difference without, we look different without California. And we give you some numbers to help you model that. We dont know what the DD&A rate will be next year because it depends on reserves. But the underlying DD&A rate for example without California, United States is lower. And the same thing with operating costs and other things, so I think there is, people are just sort of taking the old numbers because thats really all they had. But I think as you look at it, maybe a little more careful modeling with the new numbers might be more helpful for people.
Ed Westlake : And then a question on the Permian, I mean obviously if you look at the Midlands, you have outlined Dora Roberts, South Curtis may be and these are sweet spots in the Northern Midland but its not a huge amount of acreage but it will be very productive. And then in the Reeves, Barilla Draw area youve got this fantastic results again and thats obviously a larger acreage position. So that drives growth over the next five, maybe six, seven, maybe even longer years. When I look at the rest of the Permian and particularly say if oil prices did have a longer excursion to the downside. How do you think the returns stack up and I am particularly say looking at the New Mexico, Delaware? Whats the sort of breakeven oil price you need for getting an acceptable return to that?
 Credit Suisse: And then a question on the Permian, I mean obviously if you look at the Midlands, you have outlined Dora Roberts, South Curtis may be and these are sweet spots in the Northern Midland but its not a huge amount of acreage but it will be very productive. And then in the Reeves, Barilla Draw area youve got this fantastic results again and thats obviously a larger acreage position. So that drives growth over the next five, maybe six, seven, maybe even longer years. When I look at the rest of the Permian and particularly say if oil prices did have a longer excursion to the downside. How do you think the returns stack up and I am particularly say looking at the New Mexico, Delaware? Whats the sort of breakeven oil price you need for getting an acceptable return to that?
Steve Chazen: I get to take a longer view I guess, because it is a smaller proportion of my age. So if I look back two-three years ago what we thought about the Permian basin and what we thought internally for Delaware what other people were saying. And I look at programs have been proposed now, doesnt even look like the same company. And I think as we have progressed we continue to find new things that we didnt think of before, that well act considerably I think the business, ultimately if oil prices stayed low or whatever you want to call the current price or at this level or lower for a extended period of time. Margins historically have adjusted by the reduction in service costs. I mean you are not going to get an environment where oil prices stay at say $75 or whatever you think for four to five years and service costs are going to be the same, it just doesnt going to work. And so part of the gain sharing and loss sharing will be from both parties. So all the money isnt going to just go in the service company coffers and were going to work for free and I dont, not just we but everybody. So I think in the end it will calibrate and then well generate acceptable returns. We think there is a lot of economic oil at $75, economic meaning we are in 15%, 16%, 17% returns. Though I think there is a lot of economic oil at $50 no I dont and somewhere in that range but it also depends on service cost and so -- but if oil prices go back to 100 or whatever again service costs will rebound with that. So I just think that this thing will take work itself out over one or two year period. And I am, I hate to say it this way, but if I look forward to a little stress and some of the crazy stuff that sort of goes away for a while and that gives sort of rational people an opportunity.
Ed Westlake : And then a final question just on the 2015 production outlook thats very helpful, 8% to 10% and you can see obviously the great contribution of Al Hosn which probably still have a bit of tail into contribution maybe even 16 as well at least I mean and obviously reducing activity in the mid-con. Do you think the Permian and it seems to in the well results and the activity level. Do you think the Permian can provide an offset to keep that production growth sort of at a similar pace in 2016 or does it just naturally slow as Al Hosn comes down?
 Credit Suisse: And then a final question just on the 2015 production outlook thats very helpful, 8% to 10% and you can see obviously the great contribution of Al Hosn which probably still have a bit of tail into contribution maybe even 16 as well at least I mean and obviously reducing activity in the mid-con. Do you think the Permian and it seems to in the well results and the activity level. Do you think the Permian can provide an offset to keep that production growth sort of at a similar pace in 2016 or does it just naturally slow as Al Hosn comes down?
Steve Chazen: Well, Al Hosn will be eventually flat yes but I think at Al Hosn I think its possible that over in the next few years the plant is larger than it needs to be for the deliverable gas. And so and the country continues to need gas there and the result resolve in liquids of course. So I think overtime there will be an expansion probably and separately up to the government. And so there will be Al Hosn is not through so I think as we look at 17 and 18 and 19, well see more growth out of Al Hosn some point level off thats true. But I think it will probably continue to grow. Because once you spent the base money the incremental capital will have really good returns I think. So I think that will do better. I think the Permian Resource business has the potential to cover to continue to grow and maybe grow better going forward as we work through some of the historical issues. So I think weve got more acreage and more will prove up and the Barilla Draw didnt really exist a year ago I mean it landed but the concept didnt exist. And so I think there is a lot of good concepts out there some will work and some wont. And some are I think over promoted by some but its hard to imagine that 100,000 acres youre going to have 4 billion barrels of reserves. But I think rational expectations are good for the base and I think Permian Basin is the best basin in the United States and will be for the next 20 or 25 years.
Ed Westlake : Thanks very much.
 Credit Suisse: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers Investment Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Campbell : Good morning. First question I want to ask it refers to Slide 27, the SCR 3526H Spraberry well. Is the early shallow decline consistent with your expectations? And does this early positive results have any influence over your Spraberry appraisal plans going forward?
 Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Good morning. First question I want to ask it refers to Slide 27, the SCR 3526H Spraberry well. Is the early shallow decline consistent with your expectations? And does this early positive results have any influence over your Spraberry appraisal plans going forward?
Vicki Hollub: Were still evaluating the South Curtis Ranch 3526 and the shallow decline on that is so far good news for us. But we still want to see a little more production data from that to determine whats causing that.
Jeffrey Campbell : Great, thank you. And just as a broader question, just looking at your plan as its unfolded in Permian over the last several quarters. It doesnt really appear to encompass essential basin platform where some peers have drilled some noteworthy horizontal wells. I was wondering if you have any horizontal exploration potential in that area.
 Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Great, thank you. And just as a broader question, just looking at your plan as its unfolded in Permian over the last several quarters. It doesnt really appear to encompass essential basin platform where some peers have drilled some noteworthy horizontal wells. I was wondering if you have any horizontal exploration potential in that area.
Vicki Hollub: We feel like we have a lot of potential on the Central Basin Platform and thats just one of the areas that we have yet to get to. Were working on a fairly structured plan to, with respect to our exploration, our appraisal and our development programs. And so what we showed you on the slide that has the breakout of the zones that are currently under appraisal and currently under development that list does not include what were doing from an exploration standpoint. So, our exploration group is one of their key areas to focus on over the next couple of years will be the Central Basin Platform where we do have significant acreage and we think there is a lot of potential there, so it just hasnt gotten in the queue yet but its something that were optimistic about.
Operator: Our next question will come from Roger Reid of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Reid :  A quick question on the OpEx side a couple of years ago you started an OpEx reduction effort obviously it was successful. This time around talking about OpEx and then last night on the call with CRC they talked about higher gas prices. I was wondering ex-California if you could walk us through what sort of the OpEx issues are here and how m of that is due maybe to just temporary gas price increases and how much of it is a function of maybe changes in what youre doing in the Permian resources area.
 Wells Fargo Securities:  A quick question on the OpEx side a couple of years ago you started an OpEx reduction effort obviously it was successful. This time around talking about OpEx and then last night on the call with CRC they talked about higher gas prices. I was wondering ex-California if you could walk us through what sort of the OpEx issues are here and how m of that is due maybe to just temporary gas price increases and how much of it is a function of maybe changes in what youre doing in the Permian resources area.
Steve Chazen: Just as you look at OpEx I think there is two, there is the cost of energy which is buried in that OpEx because we use a lot of electricity to run pumps and such. And so some of thats in the energy and some of it is in basically driven by the EOR business which uses, where the gas the CO2 is tied to oil price. And these little more CO2 we expense that, looks or shows up as an operating cost. And some of it is we increased the work over activity principally in the EOR business. So when you look at our numbers for operating costs in the United States the driver the overwhelming driver is the EOR business which is basically a low capital business but a little higher operating cost business than say the resources business which is a high capital business and a low operating cost business. So what you see is as we put more CO2 in the ground as we try to repair the wells, you get more operating costs and we try to optimize that and what we look it is the base the underlying operating cost, not so much what were doing from quarter-to-quarter, we cant do anything about CO2 prices or anything like that. So I think its a mix of things but the driver for operating costs for the OXY excluding California is the EOR business which is a large business and its principle expenses are not capital but are our operating costs. So it just looks a little different than you might be used to.
Roger Reid : So with California soon to be gone
 Wells Fargo Securities: So with California soon to be gone
Steve Chazen: We actually show you somewhere, Chris?
Chris Stavros:  We gave you a pro forma slide table in the IR schedules that shows pro forma without California and the Hugoton for cash operating cost, DD&A and some other metrics and also production. So you sort of can go back and model it off of that and youll see what happened over that period of time.
Roger Reid : And then the other question I had was along the lines of catching up on the well completions and the addition of the frac spreads in West Texas. Any chance for upside performance in terms of production there relative to the guidance or is that all fully incorporated in the numbers?
 Wells Fargo Securities: And then the other question I had was along the lines of catching up on the well completions and the addition of the frac spreads in West Texas. Any chance for upside performance in terms of production there relative to the guidance or is that all fully incorporated in the numbers?
Vicki Hollub: That is incorporated in our projections for production, so we do expect to catch up and weve accounted for that.
Steve Chazen: What hes asking, is have we been conservative in the number or not?
Vicki Hollub: I would say that that based on the performance weve seen thus far, Id say thats a conservative number actually, its an achievable number.
Operator: And our final question will come from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey :  Couple of high level strategic questions, firstly do you think you have been behind technically in the Permian? Do you think you can get ahead and do you think any kind of technical advantage is sustainable in U.S. unconventional given the commoditization of the activity?
 Wolfe Research:  Couple of high level strategic questions, firstly do you think you have been behind technically in the Permian? Do you think you can get ahead and do you think any kind of technical advantage is sustainable in U.S. unconventional given the commoditization of the activity?
Steve Chazen: Well start with, yes we were behind. I think somewhat earlier I said if I look at what the presentation is internally were two years ago. Look at the quality and the detail the current presentations for next years program doesnt even look like the same company. So I think we have made a lot of progress. Were blessed with good acreage which compensates for whatever to some extent. So I dont think there is much. I always believe that its the acreage or the reservoir that overwhelms overtime technology spreads quickly. So I dont think there is no secret sauce that lasts very long. So I think as a practical matter we -- I think were where we need to be in technology, there is always going to be improvements whether you have relative improvements against other people I dont know. But overtime the technology spreads very quickly. And so because we see lots of wells, so its not really something thats hidden from us. So I think were where we need to be from a skill set at this point we were behind so no argument about that. But we are fortunate that we have an exceptional acres position which in the end the reservoirs matter.
Paul Sankey : I guess the argument there would be that you were in early relatively speaking and paid less but it bubbled, the early entry allowed you to get a better acreage? Is there any other proof by the way that you have better acreage? I mean how can we show that?
 Wolfe Research: I guess the argument there would be that you were in early relatively speaking and paid less but it bubbled, the early entry allowed you to get a better acreage? Is there any other proof by the way that you have better acreage? I mean how can we show that?
Steve Chazen: Maybe, Vicki can tell you about that.
Vicki Hollub: Id like to build on Steves comments with respect to your first question initially. Technically we have teams here with OXY that I think to compete or beat any other teams in the Permian Basin at this time. From a success standpoint in the unconventional plays one of the critical things is to understand what the reservoir is and what the reservoir is telling you. We dont believe that these plays should be called statistical plays. We think that youve really got to understand what the reservoir is. And based on what the reservoir is you design your completions and your frac jobs. And I think right now were probably one if not the only company, one of the few companies thats actually taken a horizontal core. And along with our vertical cores, our 3D seismic, our micro seismic and all the additional work that were doing around reservoir characterization I think nobody in the basin is any further along than we are with respect to that. But I think with that said the industry as a whole still has a lot to learn. Were all very early in the development of these unconventional plays in the Permian. So, I still think that were going to continue to learn technology will continue to advance. And I think that as it does I expect overtime for cost to come down on at least from the drilling standpoint and possibly from the completion standpoint. Weve got some plans in place over the next six months to do some things. I think that that could have a significant impact on our productivity and ultimate recoveries. But its just a matter of working those costs to make sure that they are economical for what we want to do. And as I said technology overtime the cost comes down and so I think well be able to do some things that that will certainly help some of the areas that previously have not been as good as our Delaware Basin area. So there is -- I am sorry now I have forgotten your second question.
Paul Sankey : No, I was just saying if there is some way that we would be able to show easily that your acreage is superior to someone elses?
 Wolfe Research: No, I was just saying if there is some way that we would be able to show easily that your acreage is superior to someone elses?
Steve Chazen: Well, weve got so much of it that some of its going to be better and some not. I mean if you compare it to some guy that has got 100,000 acres nets his whole position and who knows. But I think if you look at the overall result and you say we started from a standing start two years ago. And well pass 80,000 at the end of this quarter. And well pass 100,000 at the end of -- by the end of next year for sure. So I just look at from a standing start two years ago well be one of the biggest producers in this unconventional in no time. But our whole business historically had been an EOR business. So its whatever you want to think but I think there is always somebody who has got 40,000 acres that is real good. But the question is can you have 2 million acres, that is real good. And I think we got enough 40,000 acre pieces that we could compete with anybody. If we took one of our 40,000 acre pieces or 100,000 acre pieces and people were saying what a wonderful company it is, it is just good as the snake company or whatever its called.
Paul Sankey : I have a couple of quick ones Steve the investment in Midstream simultaneous with the sell down of the GP of Plains All-American I assume that means that you wouldnt be continuing to want to own those assets long-term. And further to that does the deliberate naming of Permian Resources rings a bell with California Resources. I wondered if that was a potential spin candidate and Ill leave it there? Thank you.
 Wolfe Research: I have a couple of quick ones Steve the investment in Midstream simultaneous with the sell down of the GP of Plains All-American I assume that means that you wouldnt be continuing to want to own those assets long-term. And further to that does the deliberate naming of Permian Resources rings a bell with California Resources. I wondered if that was a potential spin candidate and Ill leave it there? Thank you.
Steve Chazen: On the Midstream I mean our goal is to I think Willie pointed out. Our goal is to make sure that we get the best possible price for our product and were not disadvantaged weve gone through several years of disadvantage. If we can do that without spending capital and build pipelines were happy to do that by committing for space and reaping the advantages of owning space. And so I think you should view it as a -- its purpose is basically to make sure we get good prices for oil. And if we could monetize take back some of that capital someway and put it somewhere else with new higher returns and were definitely going to do that. As far as the name is concerned thats sort of an accident I wouldnt know all that well about the California Resources name. But I think that I dont think you should view it as a spinoff candidate at this point. It needs right now the cash flow from the rest of the business to accelerate its drilling. And its unlike California, California is actually its a good business. Its just -- but its sort of mature phase where you saw financing. The resource business needs cash to grow. And its just not the right time to even think about something like that.
Paul Sankey : Thank you very much.
 Wolfe Research: Thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Chris Degner for his closing remarks.
Chris Degner: Yes, thank you everyone and please give us a call if you have any follow-up questions. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, this conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Chris Degner  SVP, IR and Treasurer Chris Stavros  CFO Steve Chazen  President and CEO Vicki Hollub  President, Oil and Gas, Americas Willie Chiang  EVP, Operations
Analysts:  Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Leo Mariani  RBC Ryan Todd  Deutsche Bank Jason Gammel  Jefferies Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse John Harlan  Societe Generale 
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chris Degner. Mr. Degner, please go ahead.
Chris Degner: Thank you, Ed and good morning, everyone. And thanks for participating in Occidental Petroleums second quarter 2014 conference call. On the call with us this morning are Steve Chazen, Oxys President and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Stavros, Chief Financial Officer; Vicki Hollub, President Oil and Gas in the Americas; Willie Chiang, Oxys Executive Vice President of Operations and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Operations. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to our CFO, Chris Stavros, who will review our financial and operating results for the second quarter and also provide some guidance for the current quarter. Our CEO Steve Chazen, will then provide an update on the progress of our strategic initiatives and also some comments on the composition of the remaining Oxy after the separation of our California business. Vicki Hollub, will then provide an update of our activities in the Permian Basin. And Willie Chiang will conclude the call with an update on Oxys Midstream business. As a reminder, todays conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in these statements and our filings. Additional information on factors that could cause results to differ is available on the companys most recent Form 10-K. Our second quarter 2014 earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules, and the conference call presentation slides, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. Ill now turn the call over to Chris Stavros. Chris, please go ahead.
Chris Stavros: Thanks, Chris, and good morning everyone. Beginning with this quarter, the disclosure and discussion related to our oil and gas segment results will be both on a before and after tax basis. With the oil and gas results also segregated between our domestic and international producing operations and exploration program. Oxy generated core income of $1.4 billion resulting in the alluded earnings per share of $1.79 for the second quarter of 2014, an improvement of both the year ago quarter and the first quarter of 2014. For the fourth consecutive quarter, we continued our strong domestic oil production growth with increases coming from both our Permian and California assets. Domestic oil production for the second quarter of 2014 was 278,000 barrels per day, a new quarterly record for Oxy. Excluding the effect of the Hugoton asset sale, domestic oil production increased 21,000 barrels per day from the year ago quarter, with our Permian resources business growing its oil production by 21%. On a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis, the growth was 8,000 barrels per day or about 3%. Oil and gas core after tax earnings for the second quarter 2014 were $1.2 billion essentially flat with both the first quarter of this and the second quarter of last year. In the second quarter of 2014, after tax core income for domestic business was $679 million. On a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis, results at our domestic operations were roughly unchanged as improvement from higher oil volumes and realized prices were offset by lower prices for natural gas and NGLs and higher operating expenses, mainly its a result of increased down-hole maintenance and surface operation costs. International after tax core income was $576 million for the second quarter of 2014 and results improved about 4% sequentially due to a lifting in Libya which had none in the first quarter and also increased sales volumes in both Oman and Yemen. On a year-over-year basis, domestic operations improved by $44 million after tax and international operations declined by $65 million as our Latin American result were meaningfully impacted by insurgent activity in Colombia. For the six months, year-over-year comparison, domestic operations, after tax income was $1.4 billion, an increase of almost 13%. In the same six-month period, international operations core income was $1.1 billion, a decline of 4%. For the second quarter of this year, total company production volumes excluding the Hugoton production averaged 736,000 BOE per day, an increase of 9,000 BOE in daily production from the first quarter and down 17,000 BOE from the quarter a year ago. Excluding Hugoton, domestic daily production improved 8,000 BOEs from the first quarter this year, with half of the increase coming from the Permian and the remainder from the Williston Basin in California. On a commodity specific basis, our domestic oil production grew by 8,000 barrels per day, with 3,000 barrels per day each coming from the Permian and mid-Continent and the remainder from California. Domestic NGL and natural gas production volumes were virtually flat for the quarter. International production increased by 1,000 BOE per day on a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis. MENA production grew 11,000 BOE per day sequentially primarily due to the scheduled first quarter plant turnaround at Dolphin, higher production in Oman due to new wells coming online in the Northern blocks and in Iraq, which reflected increased cost recovery barrels. These increases were offset by 10,000 barrels per day of lower production Colombia did to pipeline disruptions from insurgent activity. Our second quarter 2014 worldwide realized oil prices of $100.38 per barrels improved slightly compared to the first quarter realizations of $99 a barrel. Our domestic oil price realizations were about 2% higher on a sequential basis despite continued widening differentials the Permian Basin. Realized prices for domestic for NGL and natural gas production fell at 6% and 7% sequentially reflecting declines in benchmark prices. Price changes at current global prices affect our quarterly earnings before income taxes by $37 million for a $1 per barrel change in oil prices and $7 million for $1 per barrel change in NGL prices, a swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic natural gas prices thats quarterly pre-tax earnings by $25 million. These prices change sensitivities include the impact of production sharing contract volume changes on our income. Our oil and gas cash operating costs were $14.68 per barrel in the second quarter of 2014 compared to $14.33 per barrel in the first quarter. Domestic operating expenses were higher in the second quarter this year compared to the first quarter of this year due to higher downhaul maintenance and surface operation costs primarily in the Permian Basin. MENA production costs increased in the second quarter due to higher costs related to the Libya lifting, partially offset by lower surface operations and maintenance costs. Taxes other than on income which are directly related to product prices were $2.83 per barrel for the second quarter of 2014 and $2.88 for the first six months of this year. And our second quarter exploration expense was $54 million. In Chemicals, our second quarter 2014 pre-tax earnings of $133 million were slightly lower than the first quarter results of $136 million and $144 million in the year ago quarter. The seasonal up-tick in demand in construction and agriculture markets in the second quarter were more than offset by routine planned plant outages and unplanned customer outages. We expect our third quarter pre-tax earnings to be about $150 million reflecting anticipated increases in sales and production volumes. In Midstream, pre-tax segment earnings were $219 million for the second quarter of this year compared to $170 million in the first quarter of this year, and $48 million in the second quarter of last year. The 2014 sequential quarterly improvement in earnings resulted mainly from higher marketing and trading performance driven by commodity price movements during the period and higher income from the Dolphin pipeline which was negatively impacted by plant turnarounds in the first quarter of this year. For the six months of 2014, we generated $5.7 billion of cash flow from operations before changes in working capital. Working capital changes decreased our cash flow from operations by $100 million to $5.6 billion. During the first six months of 2014, cash flow from operations declined approximately $650 million compared to the same period a year ago. The first half of 2014 included a tax payment related to the gain on the sale of the PAGP units in the first six months of 2013 included a collection of a tax receivable. On a normalized basis, cash flow from operations during both periods would have been similar at roughly $5.8 billion. Capital expenditures for the first six months of 2014 were $4.7 billion net of partner contributions. In the second quarter we received proceeds of $1.3 billion from the sale of our Hugoton assets thats been about $240 million towards domestic Bolton acquisitions. After paying dividends of $1.1 billion, buying back $1.6 billion of our company stock and other net flows, our cash balance was $2.4 billion at June 30. Our debt to capitalization ratio was 13% at the end of the quarter. Our 2014 annualized return on equity was 13% and return on capital employed was around 11%. The worldwide effective tax rate on core income was 40% for the second quarter of 2014 and we expect to combine worldwide tax rate in the third quarter to remain about the same. Lastly, Ill outline some guidance for the third quarter. In the domestic business, on April 30, we closed on the sale of our Hugoton assets. The Hugoton operations produced 18,000 BOE per day in the first quarter and 6,000 BOE per day in the second quarter. For the third quarter, excluding Hugoton, we expect our domestic oil production to grow 6,000 and 8,000 barrels per day sequentially, roughly 10% on an annualized basis. We would expect this domestic oil production growth rate to accelerate over time. Domestic NGL productions should see a modest increase, although this should be somewhat offset or equally offset by lower natural gas production volumes. We expect our total domestic production to grow between 5,000 to 7,000 BOE per day. For the international business, the current prices and assuming normalized operations in Colombia, we expect total international production in sales volumes to increase by about 10,000 BOE per day from the second quarter levels. Excluding the Hugoton, total company-wide production in the third quarter is expected to increase by 15,000 to 17,000 BOE per day sequentially for an annualized rate of about 8%. We expect third quarter 2014 exploration expense to be about $100 million pre-tax. Ill now turn the call over to Steve Chazen, who will provide an update on some of our strategic initiatives.
Steve Chazen: Thank you, Chris. We recently announced new executive management teams and responsibilities for both the California Resources Corporation or CRC and Occidental Petroleum. Todd Stevens, the President and CEO of CRC and Bill Albright, Executive Chairman bring proven leadership abilities and both have played an important part in building and managing our California operations. Mark Smith, the former CFO of Ultra Petroleum was hired as Chief Financial Officer at CRC and brings an extensive background in corporate finance and deep understanding of operations, had an independent oil and gas producer. With these appointments, most of the key roles in the organization have been filled. And were confident that their ability to succeed as a standalone public company. In addition to the developments regarding personnel, we continue to make progress in the plant spin-off of the California Company. During the second quarter we filed the initial Form 10 registration statement and have already responded to the comments received in the SEC. CRC has initiated steps to secure its debt financing which we expect to be completed in the third quarter. We anticipate $6 billion of proceeds from total funded debt. The cash proceeds from CRCs debt financing will transfer to Occidental, its a tax free dividend and shortly prior to completion of the spin-off, which we expected to occur in the fourth quarter. On the spin-off of CRC, Occidental will retain ownership of approximately 19.9% of CRC for a period lasting up to 18 months. During that period, we intend to conduct an offer to exchange the CRC shares we retained for Occidental shares. The California business continues to perform well and its executing on its oil and gas production growth strategy. The second quarter of 2014 oil production grew 10% compared to the second quarter of last year and the business generated approximately $1.2 billion of cash flow from operations during the first six months of 2014. We expect the CRC management team to present a more detailed view of the business and its growth strategy to investors as it commences its road show in the fourth quarter. At Occidental Petroleum, each of the seven members, the new executive team have made significant contributions to the company. Their individual strengths and combined leadership will shape the future of Oxy as we embark on a new chapter in the companys history. Following the execution of CRC spin-off Oxys philosophy of disciplined capital allocation and living within its cash flow continue. Oxys core businesses and we focused on delivering moderate volume growth, generating higher earnings and cash flow per share and leading to improved financial returns. And for completion of the strategic initiatives, we laid out last fall our area focus will consist of a significant and leading position in the Permian Basin. Our Permian resources unit will represent the key area of oil growth within our domestic business with annual production growth expected to easily exceed 20% per year over the next several years as we accelerate our horizontal drilling program. We also expect margins in the Permian to improve as we focus on additional drilling efficiencies, losing our well cost and further enhancing our oil price realizations. Vicki Hollub will provide a further update on the Permian resources business shortly. Our Permian Basin operation with Barilla Draw with other domestic oil and gas operations in South Texas, are 24.5% interest in Dolphin project and a smaller and improved business in the rest of Middle East North America, our operations in Colombia as well as our Midstream operations in the Chemical business. Each of these businesses identified opportunities to drive earnings and cash flow growth also supported our ability to grow our dividends for our shareholders. Operations with our profitable growth will see minimal capital spending or will be disposed of. After several years of significant capital investment two significant projects are nearing their completion. As Willie Chiang will describe more details shortly, we expect to BridgeTexs pipeline to start-up later this quarter, provide with an advantaged access to the Gulf Coast for our Permian crude oil production. We also expect start-up of the Al Hosn Gas Project in the fourth quarter. Assuming similar product prices these two key projects combined with growing oil volumes in the Permian resources development program should provide us with a meaningful earnings and cash flow per share growth in the 2015. Finally, as a part of our strategic initiatives, well continue to focus on raising cash from our lower growth and lower margin assets. In the Middle East we continue to make progress and negotiations with our partners, we will reduce our exposure to the region. Our goal here is to improve the businesses ability to grow profitably. Over time we expect to achieve a similar balance in our asset mix with at least 60% of our oil and gas production coming from the United States. Were continuing to explore strategic alternatives for assets and the Piceance in Williston Basin. We expect to monetize our remaining interest in general partner Plains all American which is valued at approximately $4.5 billion as well as possibly some other mid-stream assets when market conditions warrant. Since the end of the third quarter of 2013, we have repurchased more than 26 million shares of the company stock of roughly $2.5 billion and approximately 20.5 million shares remain available under the current share repurchase authorization. We expect that well be able to further reduce our share count by roughly 60 million shares for the cash dividend from the CRC separation and about 25 million shares to monetization of our remaining interest in the Plains pipeline. Coupled with 20.5 million shares in our current repurchase program, we should be able to reduce our total share count by more than 100 million shares or about 13% of the current outstanding shares. Most of this share repurchase-ability will occur after the spin-off of CRC. These amounts do not include the ability to repurchase additional shares through proceeds were seeing from the sale, a portion of our interest in the Middle East, share reductions in exchange of our remaining interest in CRC or the monetization of other assets. We expect Oxys remaining businesses deliver moderate volume growth result the expanded Permian resource development program and shift towards horizontal drilling to start-up the Al-Hosn gas project and our participation of several other attractive international growth projects. These identified an intermediate growth opportunities and projects capable of more than replacing the production from the spin-off of CRC by the end of 2015. And Oxy shareholders will still retain the value created from the spin-off as owners of CRC shares. We expect to generate higher financial returns going forward as a result of our investment strategic initiatives. Our improved capital efficiency and operating cost structure, start-up of operations for BridgeTexs, the Al-Hosn gas projects along the separation of our California business provide a natural up-lift to our return on capital employed. Return on capital employed was 12.2% in 2013 we expect it to rise to around 15% as we exit 2015. Now, Ill turn the call over to Vicki Hollub, for an update on our activities in Permian Resources.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Steve. This morning Id like to continue the discussion of our Permian Resources business. In the second quarter, Permian Resources produced an average of 72,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is an increase of over 7% from last year this is 28% on an annualized basis. We produced 40,000 barrels of oil per day for the second quarter, this is a 21% increase from a year ago and an 8% increase from last quarter. During the second quarter, our capital expenditures were $490 million we averaged 24 operated rigs of which 17 were horizontal. We drilled 87 wells including 42 horizontals. Year-to-date we have drilled a total 67 horizontal wells of which 43 have been completed and put on production. 38 wells are currently waiting on completion or a hook-up. In the third quarter we planned to drill 54 horizontal wells and place an additional 54 wells on production. Ill first discuss how our Permian Resources teams are well positioned to deliver long-term growth and then Ill review the quarterly operations in more detail. Weve been operating in the Permian Basin for more than 30 years and have considerable knowledge of the depositional history of geology. With that base knowledge we have been and are continuing to make significant investments to assess the rock and fluid properties in our own conventional reservoirs across our acreage. This is helping us to develop a better understanding of the key geologic parameters that drive productivity, such as porosity, saturation, brittleness, total organic content, mineral and geochemical composition, rock and fluid compatibility, fracture distribution and stress regimes. Our Permian resources and exploitation teams are applying this appraisal work to construct calibrated Petro-physical models to characterize perspective benches and target landing zones within each bench. As a result of our work today, we have now identified over 7,000 drilling locations across our 2 million net perspective acres. This is an increase more than 2,500 since the beginning of this year. We expect to continue to grow the number of locations through our successful exploitation efforts. Were also conducting an extensive appraisal of high-potential benches to optimize our well designs and development plans. This appraisal work includes collection and analysis of hole cores, cuttings, advanced log sweeps, micro-size mixed surveys and 3D-siesmic surveys. Were leveraging our learnings from our participation in more than 450 outside operated wells along with data from some of the existing 4,400 outside operated wells in which we have a working interest. Based on our findings, were testing various still development and well design alternatives including optimization of well spacing, lateral length and cluster spacing. Additionally we have also increased profit concentrations and are evaluating various frac fluids. Our results are exceeding expectations indicating that we are quickly moving toward optimal design for the Wolfcamp A and B benches in the Midland Basin and the Delaware Basin. For example, at South Curtis Ranch in the Midland Basin, we completed and put on production six wells which had average initial rates of 850 BOE per day versus prior initial rates of 750. Our recent South Curtis Ranch 2818 well achieved a peak rate of approximately 1,100 BOE per day on gas lift. At Barilla Draw in the Delaware Basin, our recent Eagle State 28-5 well achieved peak production of 1,620 BOE per day and a 30-day average production of 1,120 BOE per day, significantly higher than our average 30-day production of 830 of prior wells in the Wolfcamp A and B benches. With respect to supply services and logistics, we have secured key resources to efficiently accelerate full field development and product growth. We have ordered long lead-time equipment and figured favorable material and service contracts by leveraging our position across our Permian resources and EOR businesses. These contracts ensure the availability of productive resources at competitive cost in strategic areas such as drilling rigs, simulation, tubing, casing, cementing, directional drilling and artificial lift. We have contracts or options in place to expand our fit for purpose drilling rig fleet to 54 rigs in 2016. We have expanded our completion capacity to four 24-hour frac crews and plan to further expand the fleet as we accelerate development. On the efficiency front, we intensified our efforts to improve operational execution and compressed cycle time. In early 2014, we implemented a batch drilling program to accelerate and improve the cycle time on our horizontal wells. In our batch drilling program, we do all the vertical section of the well with a smaller fit for purpose drilling rig. And following the vertical section, we use a higher capacity directional drilling rig with specialized services to complete the more complex curve in lateral sections of the well. This approach has allowed Permian Resources to transition our existing lower cost vertical rigs into our horizontal development programs to improve our overall cost structure. This method enhances the utilization of specialized services to achieve reliability and improved cost. We have reduced drilling cost in South Curtis Ranch by 24% since the end of last year. Now, for a quick update of our water management strategy. The Barilla Draw system has been pressured up and is operational. Today we have completed six fracs including one zipper frac using this new system. Were achieving a cost savings of $2.50 per barrel of water. In the Midland Basin, we are duplicating this effort by installing a water distribution system at West Merchant with delivery rates up to 90,000 barrels per day. The system will be fully operational by September and we expect similar cost savings from this investment. These two systems are the first phases of our comprehensive water management strategy which we will discuss in more detail in future calls. I would now like to share a few more details of our activity in each of our geographic areas. In the Texas Delaware, specifically in the Barilla Draw and Reeves County, Im pleased to report that in the second quarter we drilled 10 horizontal wells and completed 7 wells with initial production rate for the Wolfcamp A and B, match the 1,150 BOE per day achieved in the first quarter. In the area highlighted on the map where we held over 35,000 net surface acres, well drill an additional 27 horizontal wells in the second half of 2014. We continue to increase efficiency and expect our average well cost of $8.5 million to improve an additional 5% by the end of this year. We are encouraged by our success in this appraisal program. As a result, we are transitioning into an accelerated development phase in Barilla Draw. In the Midland Basin, where we held approximately 90,000 net surface acres, were continuing our appraisal and development drilling efforts. We drilled 14 horizontal wells in the second quarter and placed 21 horizontal wells on production. We will drill an additional 55 horizontal wells in the second half of 2014. Our average drill time for the horizontals is 27 days per well with total drilling and completion cost averaging $7 million per well. With the knowledge gained, we are transitioning from appraisal to accelerated development in our Merchant field. As a result of the strong performance this year, were increasing our 2014 production growth expectations to be between 15% and 18% from the previous 13% to 15%. In addition, we are increasing Permian Resources capital by $200 million to $1.9 billion. The total number of wells drilled will remain roughly the same with a greater percentage of horizontal wells. The result in production increase from the incremental capital will primarily impact 2015. In closing, our 2014 program is designed to delineate and appraise our acreage in order to maximize both ultimate recovery and financial returns. Were on track to exceed expectations in 2014, and we have the required resources and infrastructure in place to meet our 2016 production target of more than 120,000 BOE per day. In addition, Oxy has several exciting Midstream projects related to our Permian infrastructure and takeaway capacities that is a unique competitive advantage. I will now turn the call over to Willie to discuss in more detail.
Willie Chiang: Thanks, Vicki. Good morning everyone. Id like to give you a very quick overview of our Midstream and marketing segment and describe how it literally connects our oil and gas production to market. And then spend the majority of my time to share our strategies to support Permian Basin growth that you just heard about from Vicki. We strongly believe in having multiple perspectives in house, those of a large Permian producer, a significant Midstream infrastructure operator and a crude NGL and gas marketer gives us a very unique advantage that differentiates us from others. The Midstream operations, not only enables us to unlock and preserve value for our core business, it also allows us to utilize our assets to move third party volumes to market. Further we have the scale to drive key strategies in the Permian Basin. First, let me provide a quick overview of our Midstream marketing segment. The role of the Midstream group is to maximize realized value for Oxy production by ensuring access to markets, optimizing existing assets and building out key assets across the value chain. This is increasingly important with the U.S. moving to an abundance of resource and a significant shifting of global supply and demand. Our Oxy owned domestic Midstream assets are shown in slide 33, these are supplemented with contracted capacity on third party assets, all of which allows to market substantially all of Oxys domestic oil, NGLs and gas production, comprise of roughly 470 BOE per day, 278,000 barrels a day of crude, 72,000 barrels a day of NGL and over 700 million cubic feet a day of gas. We also market third party crude and NGL volumes focusing on parties whose supply is located near our transportation and storage assets. These third party volumes are significant and add an excess of 200,000 barrels a day for third party, crude and NGL volumes. This aggregation of volume, both service a need for producers and end-users and allows us to better utilize and optimize our assets. We also have gas processing plants to CO2 fields and facilities. We process equity and third party domestic wet gas to extract NGLs and other gas byproducts including CO2 and deliver dry gas to pipelines. We produce approximately half of our CO2 requirements. Currently we operate 1,800 megawatts of power generation, the majority of these power plants are located next to our OxyChem and oil and gas facilities in order for us to share infrastructure, act as a steam host and to consume power with the remaining power sold to the power grid. Now, let me go back to our key Permian Basin assets, where our Midstream operations are focused on providing access to multiple markets for our Permian production. Our equity production is roughly 150,000 barrels a day and is expected to grow significantly. Additionally, we purchase and market over 200,000 barrels a day of third party crude production. Turning to slide 34, Centurion is a large gathering in mainline system in the Permian that we continue to optimize and significantly expand. Our Centurion system has roughly 2,900 miles of pipeline over 100 truck stations, 6 million barrels of storage and has access to most third party transportation assets that enable us to deliver crude to all Permian refineries as well as to the origin point of key pipelines taking production out of the Permian Basin. Were focusing on two new takeaway points, Colorado City, which is the origin of our BridgeTexs pipeline which were jointly developing with Magellan. In the Midland South exit which is the origin to third party pipelines Long-Horn and Cactus. When at full capacity BridgeTex and Cactus will add an additional 500,000 barrels a day of takeaway capacity from the Permian Basin. These new pipelines give us access to the Houston and Corps refining centers and to our own Ingleside Terminal in Corpus Christi. It also supplements our existing access to Cushing. Were working on options to handle the growing light crude production in the Delaware Basin in Southeast New Mexico in order to preserve the Permian crude qualities in the Midland Basin. Currently Oxy and Magellan are in the final phases of construction on the BridgeTex pipeline which is expected to start up later this quarter. The 450-mile pipeline will be capable of transporting approximately 300,000 barrels a day of crude between the Permian region and Gulf Coast refinery markets, Oxy has a significant committed takeaway capacity on BridgeTex as well as other third party pipelines exiting from the basin. When all planned pipelines are in operation by mid-2015, our Midstream unit will have access to long-term cost advantage takeaway capacity. As a major producer in the Permian Basin, weve been a driving force behind the construction of new infrastructure adding transportation capacity from the basin in order to benefit Permian production and avoid production constraints. Now, I want to highlight how important adequate takeaway capacity is to market value. On slide 35 Ive shown Midland WTI pricing compared to Cushing WTI in the U.S. Gulf Coast LLS markers for the period of 2009 through today. You can see how the differentials were transportation parity in a market with adequate takeaway capacity. Now, note the differentials in the widening significantly as the supply and demand balance tighten in a takeaway constrained market. We have seen Midland LLS differentials as wide as $30 a barrel in January 2012, in January 2013 during the winter refinery maintenance periods. This year, weve seen wide differentials throughout the entire year as increases in production have further tightened the supply and demand balance. The Midland LLS discount this year has averaged just over $10 a barrel versus just under $6 a barrel during the second half of 2013. With the upcoming completion of BridgeTex, in the start-up of Cactus pipeline in mid 2015, we expect differentials to return to levels that reflect incremental cost of transportation between the Permian and Cushing or the Gulf Coast. As youve heard in Vickis comments Oxys production growth will be significant in West Texas and Southeast New Mexico. With our long-term capacity on multiple pipelines, we will have security of placement with takeaway capacity of roughly three times our current equity production from the Permian Basin. Well also have access to key markets and options to protect our Permian crude premiums. Let me give you an update on our Ingleside Energy Center in Corpus Christi. This is the formal Naval Station that we purchased in late 2012 which is located outside of the congested ship channel near the mouth of Corpus Christi Bay. Were developing a terminal facility that will be able to handle up to 100,000 barrels a day of propane and 200,000 to 300,000 barrels a day of condensate and crude. The site will contain 2 million to 4 million barrels of storage and also provides flexibility to accommodate future processing facility options, on-site or at a nearby OxyChem complex. We have sanctioned both projects and expect the LPG propane terminal to be complete mid-2015 in the first phase of the crude condensate terminal to be completed in the first half of 2016. Our Midstream business has demonstrated steady earnings growth over the last few years, slide 37 shows the premium or the value add from our Permian crude logistics and our marketing business. This is in terms of dollars per barrel on equity production adjusted. This is versus a group of six Permian producers based on the available public information we were able to pull. You can see weve added approximately $1.50 a barrel better than the group average. On the same basis we expect to capture an additional $2 plus of value once the BridgeTex and Cactus pipeline startup as a result of our long-term advantaged takeaway capacity. This reinforces the importance of key infrastructure, if these new pipelines were not sanctioned, the entire basin would suffer continued significant discounts to market due to the infrastructure constraints. You can see the reasons weve moved forward on these key pipeline initiatives. I hope this gives you a better view of our Midstream business and in particular its key role in supporting our domestic oil and gas business. This is an exciting time for our Midstream business as we continue to build out a strong platform for future opportunities. Thanks for your attention. Ill turn the call back now to Chris Degner.
Chris Degner: Thank you, Willie. Operator, well now pull for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good morning everyone and thanks for all the additional color in the Permian. Steve or Vicki, I dont know who wants to take this, if I could have one question on the Permian and then one on the restructuring process please. Specific to the Permian, my understanding is that when we look at the publicly available information, your well results have been wagging what we would expect for peers in the area. And my understanding is that some kind of reporting issues with you guys. I wonder if you could share something with us. And as it relates to the wells that you have drilled prior the presentation today, can you isolate where in the Permian youre drilling in terms of which horizon out of these averages that you feel youve de-risked multiple sections across your acreage. Just a little bit more color as to what your confidence level is and the repeatability of these kinds of results across the 2,000 plus locations? And Ive got a follow-up please.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, Doug. Some of our reporting issues have been associated with what point in the flow back and production process of the well that we take the test. And some of our teams have been turning in 24-hour completion, initial completion rates to the railroad commission in the State of Texas that are not  when the well is fully cleaned up and not necessarily at its peak. With that said, Im going to just be honest with you that in some areas we still are lagging behind our competitors in terms of our initial rates in production. And thats why weve been aggressively here recently trying to try new things with respect of our frac designs to improve our performance. In the Midland Basin, South Curtis Ranch, we are getting better and were testing not only frac designs in terms of fluids and profit volumes rates and things like that. All of which are helping us to improve. But we are  we have discovered that our cluster spacing was not optimal for the initial fracs that weve done there. So, were confident that going forward our South Curtis Ranch performance is going to improve. Now certainly the best area that we have right now is our Wolfcamp production in the Texas Delaware. Thats where were doing best and were actually outperforming some of our competitors in the Texas Delaware. So, were confident that there weve gotten closer to figuring out the right completion technology. And the right, not only profit concentrations, sand, total volumes and rates but also the design of the total job. So, in the Texas Delaware, weve actually increased our profit volumes by about 20% and our fluid injection volumes by about 50%. Weve also increased our rate there. So, we expect continuing good performance and maybe even better performance there. And in fact, its in the Texas Delaware where weve added most of the 2,500 new well locations that weve added since the beginning of the year. So, while in Texas Delaware, we feel like were doing a great job. We know we still could improve it. We see opportunities for that. South Curtis Ranch, in the Midland Basin, weve changed some things and we expect to see better results here coming pretty soon.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: On de-risking Vicki, of the locations on multiple benches or horizons I should say?
Vicki Hollub: Yes, most of our, about  right now about 45% of the 7,000 wells are in the Wolfcamp. And as you know we probably as an industry know more about the Wolfcamp than any other. About 20% of our inventory right now is in the Bone Spring in Southeast New Mexico. Those wells as you know are also doing pretty good, where were seeing, in Texas Delaware were seeing payout time periods of one and half years or less. And in Southeast New Mexico were starting to see some good performance there in the Bone Spring. So, Id say that right now 65% of our inventory is probably minimal risk in terms of economics and the ability to profitably grow it. The others are in benches that we still have some work to do.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. And Steve, my follow-up hopefully quickly is, in the Middle Eastern process, you have a pretty major material contract expiring in Oman next year. And obviously things are kind of moving on this year in terms of obvious of news flow and the disposal process. My understanding as you may have things maybe moving a little quicker than perhaps youve been prepared to see previously. I just wonder if you could give us an update on your company as where everyone maybe getting the three separate transactions completed over the next lets say 12 months?
Steve Chazen: Yes, I think one of the transactions is moving on very well. And I think well get to resolution here in the easily foreseeable future. There is the contract extension in Oman which will have to be part and parcel of whatever goes on there because otherwise it expires in 2015. So I think they take a little longer but pretty confident there. The third one is, I think more challenging. And well see what can be done there. But there are some issues that are not related to us that I hope work their way out but I think thats probably into next year.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Ill let someone else jump. Thanks very much.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Leo Mariani of RBC. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani  RBC: Hi guys, you referred a little bit some other projects where you may be able to grow international production outside of Al Hosn. Is that kind of part and parcel with your many negotiations? Could you guys just elaborate on that a little bit?
Steve Chazen: I think there is two parts there. We have some new contracts in Colombia for heavy oil which I think were pretty enthused about. And I think those are pretty much there. So, I think those will be  theyre away from some of the areas where weve had political difficulties I want to call them that. So, I think those are I think in pretty good shape. And then, obviously were principally, one of the principal objectives of the program is either large scale reductions in areas where there is no growth or smaller reductions in areas where there is growth and a partnership with the local government. So, I think some of the growth will come out of the partnership with the local government in those areas where there is potential for that.
Leo Mariani  RBC: Okay, thats helpful. And I guess just in the Permian you guys clearly have a dramatic acceleration of the rig-count over the next couple of years here. Just trying to get a sense of how much of that maybe secured at this time by contract and what are you kind of seeing there in terms of service cost?
Vicki Hollub: Were definitely going to be able to get up to at least 54 rigs and by 2016. Thats  but our current plan is to go to 45, however we can  we have the options in place to go to 54. So thats not really at risk for us right now. We know we can achieve it on the drilling rig side. And the reason we have that range there, weve got 47 in our plan for 2016 and the reason on the slide that the seven additional are grade. We have the option to get them. So we know we can. What well be doing between now and 2016 is trying to ensure that all the rest of the support services in the Permian area available and that we can secure that to get to the 54. We feel like weve already secured the services  support services outside the drilling rig that can support 47, its just a matter of can we get to the 54 and were working on that plan now. Surface cost, were still trying to manage that cost in the basin are going up as demand increases. But were trying to leverage our size to minimize the increases that were seeing.
Leo Mariani  RBC: Okay.
Steve Chazen: There is, also productivity gains from this too. So, I think were  weve saved  we saved about 10% from last years cost already. Thats not driven primarily by reducing the day rate but by drilling more wells per day essentially. So I think with the productivity gains should more than offset whatever modest inflation there is in the cost.
Leo Mariani  RBC: Okay, thats helpful for sure. And can you guys just elaborate on other assets that you might be thinking about disposing we guys made a comment that said that anything thats not profitable could be up for sale. Any more color you have around any of those processes?
Steve Chazen: I think weve said that  reiterated this morning that were still looking at options for the Piceance in the Williston Basin, might be a little more activity in one of those, we dont know yet. And we also said that buried in the comments was if we can get the right arrangement, perhaps some of the Midstream assets where we retain the contract so we can continue to move our crude and get the margins from the trading but perhaps dispose of the underlying asset. And let somebody else take the tariff.
Leo Mariani  RBC: Okay. Thanks, thats helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd  Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks. If I could ask maybe a little bit more on the Delaware Basin, and I appreciate all the detail. Can you talk a little bit about your use of long laterals, I mean, have you drilled two-mile laterals or are you extending the lateral lengths. And if so, how much of your acreage there in the basin do you think would be conducive to longer laterals?
Vicki Hollub: Currently in the Delaware Basin, were drilling lateral lengths of between 3,300 and 4,200 feet. What were doing right now is some modeling with respect to the optimum lateral lengths in the basin. As you know, the Wolfcamp productivity in the Texas Delaware is much better than in the Midland Basin. And thus far were seeing some good productivity from the lateral lengths that were drilling. We havent really drilled much yet over 4,200 feet to the challenges there as I said, at what point have you drilled so much that you start destroying value in terms of the just the friction effects of the longer laterals. And the other thing is that you have the challenges of the acreage positions with respect to ensuring that youve setup your opportunities to go with longer laterals. But currently, were seeing that probably its more likely to meet the longer laterals in the Midland Basin rather than in the Texas Delaware. However with that said we are trying a lot of things. We havent gotten to that point yet. Were trying to minimize the variations that we have per stage of evaluation to ensure that we understand what impact each thing that we change is having on our productivity.
Steve Chazen: I mean, maybe a little focus than some other people. I think we focus on our sort of our finding cost sort of calculation rather than the IP calculation. So, from our perspective in order to lengthen the laterals may cost us more money. You might get more IP but maybe at a cost of a higher finding cost. Were just  its not the way we think about things. Some small producer may be more interested in IT.
Ryan Todd  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thats helpful. And have you seen  I guess still on the Delaware, have you seen, where are you seeing from an oil and gas mix in your Wolfcamp well there and youre seeing much variation across the extent of your acreage?
Vicki Hollub: Were seeing a little bit of variation but typically were seeing anywhere from 72% to 80% oil in the Texas Delaware. And in most cases, were seeing above 75%.
Steve Chazen: Were a little pickier and maybe we have better acreage to some other people who are doing a fair amount, they get gassier results.
Ryan Todd  Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Steve Chazen: You can see that our oil is rising and our gas isnt if you just looked at the numbers weve given you. So, were basically a little pickier than some other people who are maybe thats all I got, so theyre drilling gassier wells.
Ryan Todd  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thats helpful. And on the pace, the outlook in terms of  obviously your ramp is pretty significant over the next few years. Is the pace of development there broadly going to be governed by your view of the entire logistical system and how much capital you can put into the Basin without destroying returns? Whats going to be the primary I guess governing factors on the potential to maybe even show upside over that three-year window?
Steve Chazen: We think on the production numbers weve given, we have considerable upside just with the drilling were showing. But putting that aside, its a return based business. And weve just assumed, learned lot of people make mistakes and learned from them before we expand our footprint. But there is, also other logistical issues in the basin. And yes, we want to make sure that we have takeaway capacity for the oil, and more concerned frankly about takeaway capacity for gas. Youre not going to be able to flare the gas. And the gas production, the base is likely to grow sharply in the next year or two as people drill these gassier wells. And so you could wind up with a bad situation. So, one of our major focus is just to make sure that we have gas takeaway capacity so that we dont drill wells we have to have shut in, because clearly youre not going to be able to flare.
Ryan Todd  Deutsche Bank: Great. Well, thanks, I appreciate the help. Ill leave it there.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gammel of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason Gammel  Jefferies: Yes, thanks. Maybe Ill take another stab at this Permian drilling situation more in terms of managing the drilling inventory. And Im just going to use some very simplistic numbers, at the current rig count and the number of wells that you drilled last. You have about 20-year inventory, obviously doubling the rig-count well take that back to a 10-year inventory. But I also assume youre probably going to be adding locations over time. So how do you actually then balance the amount of drilling inventory that you have from an MPV basis, and what Im really getting out more broadly, do you see divestiture opportunities within the Permian Basin as well as potential acquisitions?
Steve Chazen: Yes. If I look at the list of mistakes Ive made over the last 20 years, the mistake Ive made most is investing anything into Permian Basin. And because there is so many horizons, there are so much layer, there is so much oil available to the system. So we didnt divest that much but I regret every acre. So I think that while Im here were not going to be divesting anything. I do think that  I think the program that Vicki has outlined is sort of the minimum program thats what we think we could achieve over the next couple of years without wasting money. As we get better at this and the basin matures there will be more opportunities because were sort of everywhere. I think that  I think we could accelerate the program further. This is what were talking about right now. As the basin matures, we find more stuff to do. The results maybe turn out a little better. I think well go ahead. I am concerned about infrastructure constraints over the next two or three years. While we have, as Willie pointed out, lots of oil takeaway capacity, lot better positioned than most people I think. And so, I think were in pretty good shape for that. And we do control the gathering system so we can gather our own stuff. Im little concerned about gas and so were probably going to take steps to make the gas more certain. I think thats probably more my deeding concern is that the crowding in the business, Im not really worried about cost because I think productivity improvements are more lost at the cost.
Jason Gammel  Jefferies: Great, thats pretty clear. If I could just ask one more on the CRC spin-out process. It looks to me and maybe Ive just missed something but I think that your estimate on the amount of shares that youll be able to repurchase from the transaction has went to 60 million from the range of 40 million to 50 million. And my question is, is this going to be related to the just under 20%, retention of equity and the exchange over time and do you still expect to take a $5 billion dividend out?
Steve Chazen: No, dividend $ billion.
Jason Gammel  Jefferies: Okay.
Steve Chazen: And so we havent counted the shares and the exchange. So were simply, our  we got our modelers out and so they divide $6 billion by $100 mop it to 60 million shares. We didnt pay a lot for that advice.
Jason Gammel  Jefferies: Very good, I think I understand now.
Steve Chazen: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: Hi everyone, and congratulations to those who have new roles. I see, I kind of didnt understand Steve that last point, believe it or not, the exchange of it has be completed within 18 months and any proceeds from that I guess is the word would be used for buyback  additional buyback?
Steve Chazen: No, its actually just so you understand the shares the 19.9% shares that we own. Our options are sort of limited because its part of a tactual link. So, if we exchange it for Oxy shares, now it was  ad in the paper it says, anybody who wants to can get CRC shares and they give us back Oxy-shares for it, okay. We can do that without paying any tax. In theory, if we had that kind of debt around we could exchange it for debt, but there isnt that kind of munch there around to do that. If we do anything  the third alternative would be simply distributed the shares to the shareholders if we couldnt do that  that also would be tax free. If we sold it for money, we would have to pay tax on it. So, our preference would be to do the exchange offer. So basically, its a split off of the 19.9% in terms. So I think those are  so what we did was we sort of guessed it how much it might, we havent included that number in our 60 million shares. But there would be some number of shares that well exchange the CRC shares for Oxy shares and we do that without paying any tax.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: Okay. And the follow-on slide which is 21, where you show that the same as 60 million says clearly that you dont include anything from MENA. I was just wondering why is that does not reflect that reduction, does that mean that youre going to pay down debt as well?
Steve Chazen: Well, there is a small amount of debt reduction probably.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: Okay.
Steve Chazen: Its just in the rounding.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: Yes, I figured that I just wanted to confirm that. So, the fact that your list of mistakes just maybe think of Lindsay Lohan I see funny enough. But there you go, would that involve you potentially making an acquisition in the permit further acquisitions of there? Thanks.
Steve Chazen: Actually the Permian acquisition scale is now  you have to speak to the next round of management about that. But I sure wouldnt do that. The prices are ridiculous far above what we traded six or seven times wherever we want to say the cash flow. And the acquisitions are very dilutive and I cant imagine doing one. I suppose if there is a collapse in oil price or something like that that would be a different story. But actually a huge reduction in the public market values for these companies, I cant even imagine doing one, I dont imagine that hopefully my successors are well trained enough not to do anything stupid too.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: Yes. And then finally from me, thank you. And then finally from me, in the past youve sort of openly debated the buyback as the benefits and the merits of a buyback. Is there some sort of price sensitivity to this or is this going to be a fairly blind part? And Ill leave it there.
Steve Chazen: No, hopefully it wont be a stupid process I think thats what youre blind I guess another word for stupid.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: Well, I think youve said in the past that there is a fair value that you believe?
Steve Chazen: There is a fair value we believe in. And well do what we  yes, were going to buy back the shares ultimately but it also depends on the price. We would expect that during the process of divesting of California company, the stock will during the confusion will trade at the Oxy stock will trade at some what we would view as discounted value. And we would expect that a  we could buy a lot of shares during that period. And were pleased to be wrong but that would be a reasonable expectation during that period.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: I guess what I was driving at partly as well as the potential for you to spend more money organically to grow faster probably as to buyback?
Steve Chazen: More but not materially more I think is the answer. Could you put another $1 billion to work, yes, could you put $2 billion to work, maybe, could you put $3 billion to work, no. I think we got a plan that we can execute efficiently, we could probably do a little better as things progress. So I think the answer is yes, we could do that but not for very long.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: Thanks very much.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Yes, one question on the Permian Vicki, just obviously youve broken out your current vertical and horizontal and then youve explained how doing the two-activity separately makes sense. As you look at that rig count chart, should we assume youre still going to have the same sort of ratio or maybe help us understand how many vertical rigs are going to be in that 47 plus 7?
Vicki Hollub: I dont see us having more than about 6 or 7 vertical rigs at any given time in the future. So the bulk of the 47 to 54 that well have only, I would expect only about 6 or 7 of those to be vertical.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Right. And obviously youve given us 7,000 locations and Jason was prepping on that. But as you ramp up the rigs, your inventory is going to drop I think perhaps a little bit faster. So, at least on a forward-looking basis when we get to 2016 which is obviously a bit further in the future, where would you then go next after the initial inventory? I mean, it seems like youve got some good sweet spots in the Midland and fantastic sweet spot in the Texas Delaware. It feels like a lot of your equity is over in the Bone Springs and so to maybe talk about how the returns would change as you shifted those rigs around through the program?
Vicki Hollub: Yes, let me say that 7,000 is based on the appraisal work and the evaluations that we have done to date. We fully expect that 7,000 to grow. As you know, we have a huge acreage position. And what were trying to do is go to our initial step of exploration and then appraisal before were adding, and some appraisal work has to be done before we add locations to our current inventory. So, Im almost thinking with what were seeing, I wouldnt be surprised to see that, our inventory increases by the amount of wells that we drill. So I expect that inventory to grow fairly significantly over the next couple of years. And I expect it to grow mostly in the Texas Delaware, Southeast New Mexico, although we still havent done a lot with some of the areas within the Midland Basin. What were trying to do is stay very focused on limiting our focus area so that we can make sure that we accelerate efficiently. And then were also limiting our appraisal areas too to make sure that we go in, we get our appraisal work done and then we transition to development mode. So, some appraisal work, there are some areas where we havent even begun our appraisal work.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: And then just a question on the Midstream, I mean, I know you sort of signaled youre going to be selling the Plains All-American GP. Well, it seems like its time to build another one given the amount of Midstream assets that you are still building. So, I mean, would you think of about creating a new Oxy MLP down the road to help fund the infrastructure that will be required for you and for others in the Permian?
Steve Chazen: Yes, I think that you just have to split the revenue streams that come out of us into two. One is the Terra streams and those are once you build the pipeline theyre sort of not very interesting. And the other is sort of the trading or streams ability to move the oil at different spots. We would just assume to retain the contracted volume streams and ultimately dispose of the Terra streams if you will. So, I think as far as building another line, I think we got plenty for us, were three times what we currently produce. So we got plenty for us. Well see how it goes. Again, Im focused about putting the Midstream money right now in the movement gas to make sure thats not an issue. When you run an MLP or any kind of Midstream business youre thinking about $1 or $0.50 a barrel. When we look at a barrel of oil, were thinking about $100. And so our view is, we need to make sure that our $100 oil gets moved. And worry a little less about the $0.50 fee. So, were focused on making sure that the  by building this stuff out, we made it better for everybody in the Basin. And then, on the gas we expect to do the same thing.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: And then just a final question. Youve seen these I guess royalty interest, mineral interest stream start to get traded independently of the companies or maybe just a reminder of where your royalty position is in some of your legacy acreage?
Steve Chazen: Its a complicated number to put it mildly. First of all, the king of this royalty stuff is in the California business, so you probably can ask them about it when they show up. But putting that aside, we  there is, royalties lets say under one of our EOR fields that we own the royalty interest there or a large piece of the royalty interest. So, if we were to dispose that in some way, that would hurt our finding costs and our margins would shrink, our present worth would shrink, that may not make in that  and our reserves will go down because youre economic limit is reached sooner. On the other hand, we have a fair amount of production where we just get checks from third parties. And we dont really know the number at this point, I mean, its not  theyre counting the checks I think they try to figure it out. But for the  excluding California, the royalty income is somewhere in the range of $300 million a year and to find some way. We just have to go through it and figure it out. I think where it doesnt affect our ability to manage our base business because our royalties are scattered in a number of places, somebody like the basis team times cash flow. I think were game. On the other hand, where it affects our base business, we just dont keep it because I think it will hurt us in our finding cost going forward.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Thanks, very clear and helpful. Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: Our last question comes from John Harlan of Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
John Harlan  Societe Generale: Close enough.
Steve Chazen: The operator is not French obviously.
John Harlan  Societe Generale: Yes, thanks Steve. In the Permian, how much of your drilling activity is pad based at this stage?
Steve Chazen: Vicki.
Vicki Hollub: Because of the early stage that were in and with respect to our drilling, were not doing a lot of pad drilling at this point. But the pad drilling will come, its already built into the development plan. What were doing is appraisal work and we expect to be very heavily independent drilling in 2015.
John Harlan  Societe Generale: Which will also help, okay.
Vicki Hollub: And as you know, we do a lot of pad drilling elsewhere so its not like were opposed to it. But were in the process of drilling the appraisal parts of some of these programs. And we will definitely go to not only pad drilling but manufacturing mode once we get beyond the appraisal stages.
John Harlan  Societe Generale: Right. I was just wondering how quickly youd be improving efficiencies. What about staffing, given the ramp in the Permian, do you think you have enough people?
Vicki Hollub: Were adding people. Were ramping up and we are going to have to add a few more people to our Permian resources and exploitation teams and our field execution teams. But so far weve been able to add the people that we need as we progress.
John Harlan  Societe Generale: Okay, great. Last one from me, Steve, you talked about addressing the Midstream. Does this mean MLP or just outright sale?
Steve Chazen: Well, I mean, it doesnt  if somebody would give you MLP multiple and all cash, I think thats for us probably a better option. On the other hand, if you cant do it that way and we get some other way, I think we can do an MLP.
John Harlan  Societe Generale: Great. Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Degner, for any closing remarks.
Chris Degner: Hi, thank you everyone for listening. I know its been a busy day for you all. Well be available at New York for your questions. Thanks.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Chris Stavros  VP, IR Cynthia Walker  EVP and CFO Steve Chazen  President and CEO Vicki Hollub  EVP and Head, Oil and Gas Operations, U.S. Willie Chiang  EVP, Operations
Analysts:  Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research Leo Mariani  RBC Roger Read  Wells Fargo Sven Del Pozzo  IHS Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James John Harlan  Societe Generale 
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chris Stavros. Mr. Stavros, please begin.
Chris Stavros: Thank you, Emily and good morning, everyone. And thanks for participating in Occidental Petroleums first quarter 2014 conference call. On the call with us this morning from Houston are Steve Chazen, Oxys President and Chief Executive Officer; Vicki Hollub, Executive Vice President and Head of Oxys U.S. Oil and Gas Operations; Cynthia Walker, our Chief Financial Officer; Willie Chiang, Oxys Executive Vice President of Operations and Head of our Midstream Business; Bill Albrecht, President of Oxys Oil and Gas in the Americas; and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Operations. In just a moment, Ill turn the call over to our CFO, Cynthia Walker, who will review our financial and operating results for the first quarter and also provide some guidance for the current quarter. Our CEO Steve Chazen, will then provide an update on the progress of our strategic initiatives and also some comments on the composition of the remaining Oxy after the separation of our California business. Vicki Hollub, will then conclude the call with an update of our activities in the Permian Basin. As a reminder, todays conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in these statements and our filings. Our first quarter 2014 earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules, and the conference call presentation slides, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. Ill now turn the call over to Cynthia Walker. Cynthia, please go ahead.
Cynthia Walker: Thank you, Chris, and good morning everyone. My comments will reference several slides in the conference call materials that are available on our website. In the first quarter, were off to a strong start in our domestic oil growth strategy. Domestic oil production was 274,000 barrels per day, an increase of 4,000 barrels from the fourth quarter of 2013. Overall production was 745,000 boe per day. We had core income of $1.4 billion resulting in diluted earnings per share of $1.75 for the first quarter. This is an improvement over both the prior and year ago quarters. We generated $2.9 billion of cash flow from operations before changes in working capital and repurchased 10.5 million shares ending the quarter with $2.3 billion of cash on our balance sheet. Now, I will discuss the segment performance for the oil and gas business and begin with earnings on slide 3. Oil and gas core earnings for the first quarter of 2014 were $2.1 billion. As you can see, this was essentially flat with the fourth quarter of 2013 and an increase of almost $200 million over the first quarter of 2013. On a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis, we saw improvements from higher domestic realized prices on all of our oil and gas products and higher sales volumes in Columbia, which were offset by lower sales volumes in Iraq. In Columbia, while we recoup liftings in January, which had slipped from the fourth quarter of 2013, in search and activity continues to challenge both our production and listings in our Llanos Norte fields. Production from the fields was shutdown in April. However, now pipeline repair work has begun and we look forward to have normal operations in May. In Iraq, operations were as expected, although liftings continue to be lumpy. We had no liftings in Iraq in the first quarter. Turning to slide 4, total production from the current quarter was 745,000 boe per day. A decrease in daily boe production of 5,000 from the fourth quarter and 18,000 from the year-ago quarter. On a sequential quarterly basis, these results reflect domestic growth of 4,000 boe per day, mainly in the Permian Basin, offset by lower production in California. The Permian Basin improvement reflected recovery from fourth quarter severe winter weather and new production from our drilling program. California production was essentially flat excluding one-time benefits which positively impacted the fourth quarter of last year. In MENA, production was 9,000 boe per day lower primarily due to a scheduled plant turnaround in Dolphin and the remainder in Bahrain due to contract terms. If you turn to side 5, I will discuss our domestic production in more detail. Focusing on our commodity composition on a sequential quarterly basis, we saw oil production grow 4,000 barrels per day, with increase coming from all of our business units. NGL production increased 2,000 barrels per day, almost entirely in the Permian. Natural gas volumes were 10 million cubic feet per day lower or about 2,000 boe per day, with the decline coming from California, partially offset by higher production in the Permian and Mid-continent. Turning to slide 6, our oil and gas operating cash margins improved by $0.20 per boe, on a sequential quarterly basis. Our first quarter of 2014 worldwide realized oil prices were essentially flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. Although domestic realized oil prices improved slightly despite widening differentials in the Permian Basin. We also realized higher NGL prices domestically due to seasonal factors, and experienced a 37% increase in natural gas prices, reflecting an improvement in the benchmark. Oil and gas production cost were $14.33 per barrel in the first quarter of 2014 compared to $14.13 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2013. Domestic operating expenses were higher in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter due to higher energy and CO2 and steam injecting costs. Controllable costs were essentially flat on a sequential quarterly basis. MENA production costs decreased in the first quarter due to under-liftings in Iraq, which have higher operating costs. First quarter exploration expense was $55 million and we expect second quarter exploration expense to be about $80 million. Turning to chemical segment core earnings on slide 7, youll see first quarter earnings of $136 million, this was $8 million higher than the fourth quarter and exceeded our expectations, primarily driven by volume improvements across most products in preparation for a strong spring demand. This improvement was in part offset by the run-up in natural gas cost due to the extreme winter cold. We expect second quarter 2014 earnings to be about $130 million, a seasonal up-tick in demand in construction and agricultural markets is anticipated, although profitability will be somewhat negatively impacted by a number of routine planned outages by both OxyChem and its customers. On slide 8, is a summary of midstream segment earnings. Youll see there were $170 million for the first quarter of 2014 compared to $68 million in the fourth quarter and $215 million in the first quarter of 2013. The 2014 sequential quarterly increase in earnings resulted mainly from higher marketing and trading performance, driven by commodity price improvements during the quarter. Higher income in the gas processing businesses which were negatively impacted by the plant turnarounds in the fourth quarter of 2013, partially offset by lower pipeline earnings which included a plant turnaround in Dolphin. The worldwide effective tax rate on core income was 40% for the first quarter of 2014 and we expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the second quarter of 2014 to remain at about 40% rate. Slide 9, summarizes our cash flow for the quarter. In the first three months of 2014, we generated $2.9 billion of cash flows from operations before changes in working capital. Working capital changes decreased our cash flow from operations by about $240 million to $2.7 billion. Capital expenditures for the first quarter of 2014 were $2.2 billion, net of partner contributions. And after paying dividends of $515 million, buying back stock of $945 million and other net flows. Our cash balance was $2.3 billion as of March 31. Our debt to capitalization ratio was 14% at the end of the quarter. Our 2014 annualized return on equity was 13%, and return on capital employed was around 11%. Lastly, Ill turn to our guidance for the second quarter. On April 30, we closed the sale of our Hugoton assets for $1.3 billion. In the first quarter, the Hugoton operations produced 18,000 boe per day, invested $17 million in capital and contributed $46 million to our pre-tax segment earnings. For the full year, our previous domestic and capital expenditure guidance is unchanged adjusting for Hugoton. In the second quarter, excluding the Hugoton business, we expect domestic production will increase between 6,000 and 8,000 boe per day on a sequential quarterly basis. We expect oil production to grow between 7,000 and 9,000 barrels per day or approximately 3%. NGL volumes will be roughly flat with the first quarter levels and a modest decline in natural gas production resulting from continued limited drilling. Internationally, our current prices excluding Columbia and Libya, we expect total production to increase around 10,000 boe per day in the second quarter, primarily from the recovery of the Dolphin plant turnaround and activity in Oman. We expect Middle East liftings to also increase about 10,000 boe per day in the second quarter, primarily as a result of our production increases in Dolphin and Oman. I will now turn the call over to Steve Chazen, who will provide an update on our strategic initiative.
Steve Chazen: Thank you, Cynthia. I want to focus on two topics this morning, our progress today in executing strategic initiatives we announced earlier, what our business will look like after the completion of some of these initiatives. Starting with our progress to date, we closed the sale our (inaudible) for pre-tax proceeds of just over $1.3 billion. We sold in the fourth quarter of last year about 25% of interest in Plains pipeline for pre-tax proceeds of $1.4 billion, the remainder interest in Plains is worth over $4 billion at current market prices. We continue to explore options to monetize the remaining interest in the financially efficient manner, once the restrictions on market transaction lapse. Were continuing to explore strategic alternatives to our P-Ons (ph) assets and decided to keep our interest in the Williston Basin as they are currently more valuable to us for the true-value in the cash asset sale market. We continue to make progress in our discussions with our partners in the Middle East for the sale of a portion of our interest in the region. The separation of our California business from the rest of the company, which will be in the form of distribution of at least 80% of the companys California stock to Oxy shareholders untracked. And the necessary work is rapidly moving forward. We expect to file initial Form 10 in June, announced California management team in the third quarter. Completion and separation of California is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of this year. We have repurchased more than 20 million of the companys shares since the announcement of our strategic initiative in the fourth quarter of 2013, of which 10.5 million shares were purchased in the first quarter of 2014, 26.5 million shares remain in our current repurchase program which we planned to complete with the proceeds from the Hugoton sale and excess balance sheet cash. Now, discussing what the business will look like going forward. As a standalone company, which will be called California Resources Corporation, we expect our California operations with exciting growth oriented business, large resource space and self sufficient cash flow. This business will be a pure California resource company that will be able to spend virtually all its cash flow to grow its production, reserves and earnings. Currently, the California business spends about half of its capital on conventional water and steam floods and the other half on unconventional other development projects. Business is expected to initially increase its high margin, high return conventional spending such as water and steam flood investments to grow its production by 5% to 8% in the double-digit oil growth. As the floods reach their steady state in the near term, they are expected to generate significantly more cash flow, which the company expects to use the increase the amount of share of its capital spend on unconventional programs to grow its production higher rates on a sustainable basis. Business, were well positioned to accomplish our strategy as it generated operating cash flow before capital spending of $2.6 billion in 2013. The capital spend in 2013 was $1.7 billion and we expect to spend about $2.1 billion this year. We expect the California company will have around $5 billion of debt, proceeds from which will be distributed to Oxy, to use primarily to repurchase shares. After completion of the strategic initiatives, Oxys most important assets will consist of a significant leading position in the Permian Basin, round it up of the Al Hosn Project, Dolphin and a smaller business in the rest of MENA, our operations in Columbia, our midstream and chemical business and other domestic oil and gas operations. Each of these businesses supports our ability to grow our dividends for our shareholders. Further, one of Oxys objectives will be to grow earnings and cash flow per share and these businesses have already identified opportunities to do so. Permian resources, is the cornerstone growth operation for the domestic business. Our substantial acreage position in the Permian has a significant resource development potential. We have used our knowledge of the geology at the area and our experience to gradually shift our program towards horizontal drilling in efficient manner. Weve already made significant progress in this process and on track to execute to shift this plant. Were starting to see the positive results of our horizontal drilling program, plus the resources business to grow production rapidly, similar to what some other operators in the basin have been able to achieve. We believe this business could increase its production by 13% to 16% this in excess of 20% going forward. EOR business in the Permian Basin which is primarily CO2 assets along with the rest of the companys businesses continue to be significant free cash flow generators. In 2013, excluding the California assets, Oxy generated operating cash flow $10.3 billion while spending $7.2 billion on capital expenditures. 2013 capital included $950 million spent for Al Hosn and $370 million for the combination of BridgeTex Pipeline, New Johnsonville chlor-alkali plant. We expect all three major projects to come online at various times in 2014, spurring up significant amounts of capital while starting to contribute to cash flow generation. Assuming current market conditions and similar product prices, once fully operational, these three assets should generate at least $700 million in annual operating cash flow. We expect this higher level of cash flow, coupled with significant reductions in capital needs for long lead-time projects were more than offset loss of cash flow generated by the California assets and provide a significant boost of free cash flow going forward. Our chemical midstream business will also continue to be meaningful cash flow providers in the future. The strong cash generation and combined with fewer shares outstanding, will enable us to continue to increase our dividend from the current rate of having sufficient funding to increase our investments domestic growth assets. We also expect Oxys remaining businesses to deliver higher returns going forward. As a result of our investments, strategic initiatives and assuming similar commodity prices, we expect to improve capital efficiency and operating cost structure to start up the Al Hosn, BridgeTex and Johnsonville plant along the separation of California business, to provide a natural uplift to our return on capital employed. In addition, we continue to execute our strategic initiatives and use proceeds from executive transactions such in the sale of (inaudible) and the monetization remaining portion of plants to repurchase our stock, which will be able to further increase our ROCE going forward. Our ROCE was 12.2% in 2013 and we expect it to rise to around 15% as we exit 2015. We have already repurchased more than 20 million of the companys shares since the end of third quarter of 2013, we expect that we will be able to further reduce our share count by 40 million to 50 million shares through dividends in the California separation and by around 225 shares through the monetization of our remaining interest in the Plains pipeline. Coupled with the buyback of 26.5 million shares in our current repurchase program, we should be able to reduce our current share count by 90 to 100 million shares or about 12% of our currently outstanding shares. These amounts do not include the opportunity to repurchase additional shares through a sale of a portion of our interest in the Middle East or share reductions from the exchange of any remaining portion of interest in the California business. But they do reflect a modest amount of debt reduction. We are excited about the value propositions of both our California and remaining Oxy businesses, with a differentiated with focus business models, positioning both companies to maximize shareholder value. Now, I will turn the call over to Vicki Hollub to update you on our Permian activities.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Steve. This morning I will update you on the activities to date in our Permian resource business, where were off to a good start in 2014. In the first quarter, Permian resources produced 67,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of 5% over the fourth quarter of 2013. Capital expenditures were $328 million, was approximately 75% spent on drilling and completing company operated wells. The average 22 rigs during the quarter, of which 15 more horizontal rigs, this allowed us to drill 67 wells, including 25 horizontal. About three fourth of the 25 horizontals are currently on production. As I indicated in the last call, we have two main goals for our Permian Resources business in 2014. First, continue evaluating the potential across our full acreage position and second, pilot development strategies to optimize their ultimate returns. Today Ill focus on the progress we made in areas where we are targeting the Wolfcamp Shale, and one where we are targeting primarily the Bone Spring. Those areas are at South Curtis Ranch and Dora Roberts Ranch in the Midland Basin, (inaudible) and the Texas Delaware Basin and South East New Mexico. These make up the core of our horizontal program thus far. Our Wolfcamp activity in the Midland Basin is focused in two operating areas, South Curtis Ranch and Dora Roberts Ranch, where we have identified about 800 drilling locations. In the Wolfcamp we brought 12 wells on production during the quarter and now have a total of 18 producing wells. Although, one of these wells are completed in the Wolfcamp B, the others completed in the Wolfcamp A, the initial production rate through averaging around 750 boe per day. While this is a good start, we believe we can improve on this result by increasing the lateral links of our wells and improving the efficiency of our fracs. The wells drilled thus far have an average lateral length of around 6,000 feet. We are piloting increase lateral links up to 10,000 feet. In addition, we have transitioned from gel fracs to slick water fracs which has improved well performance and weve adjusted our cluster spacing from 60 feet to 95 feet for this area. Were also evaluating lift alternative. Today, we have primarily used gas lifts and ASPs. The ASPs averaged 1,020 boe per day initial production rate versus 680 per day for the other wells which are flowing or on gas lift. The rate benefit of the ASPs may prove to be economically equivalent to gas lift but we are closely monitoring potential impact of the reservoir. Average drill time for the horizontals was 27 days per well and total cost for drilling and completion has been averaging around $6.5 million per well. But these changes to the completions that I mentioned, initially cost may increase slightly but we expect to bring them down as we further progress the development program. While the program, and we have more to learn, we continue to be encouraged by the results that we see. We are currently drilling our first horizontal well and maybe ranch, where we hold over 9,000 acres. This is an area that we expect to have similar potential to South Curtis Ranch, which is of similar size. Were also drilling two horizontal Sprayberry wells in South Curtis Ranch and expect to bring them up to production by the end of the second quarter. Shifting to the Wolfcamp and the Delaware Basin in Texas, we brought our first five wells on to production during the quarter and the results have been very strong. Two of the wells were completed in Wolfcamp B, one at Wolfcamp A and two in the Wolfcamp C. The initial production rate for the Wolfcamp A and B wells, averaged 1,150 boe per day. And these wells are located on our Barilla (ph) Draw area in Reeves County. Given the size of this development opportunity, were investing early in infrastructure, our exploitation team in Permian resources business unit have worked together to design and construct Barilla Draw water distribution project, which will provide an economic alternative to trucking water to support drilling and completion operations in Barilla Draw and the surrounding Oxy operated leases as we move into full scale development mode. The project plan includes over 50 miles of pipeline and 25 water ponds, networked together to allow Oxy to aggregate and transfer the water required to execute all operations including Zipper fracs by expediting water deliver to all of our locations. But the ability to incorporate a more efficient completion strategy, we can reduce time to market, decrease cost and accelerate to move the pad drilling operations. This project is expected to result in the 4% capital cost savings per well through reduction of water handling cost of more than 75%. And it will become the standard water handling template for future horizontal well developments. In the Delaware Basin, drilling and completion costs are averaging close to $8.5 million per well, due to the greater depth, pressure and holding stability associated with drilling the Wolfcamp C. Recently managed pressure drilling was successfully utilized to mitigate the whole problem. This technique will be evaluated for broader deployment in the other areas. We appreciate the efforts of our Permian resources business unit and the exploitation team as they have successfully ramped up our activity while continuing to efficiently manage operations and cost. In addition, they have identified several key ways to improve the performance of our wells in all areas, beginning with a switch from gel frac to slick water fracs which as I mentioned has already begun in South Curtis Ranch. We are transitioning to slick water fracs in other areas as well. In addition, we recognize that the appropriate cluster spacing is dependent on the reservoir characteristics for each area and were evaluating and then optimizing in all areas. Just as we have done in South Curtis Ranch, were also continuing to evaluate the lateral links of our wells in other areas and expect to find opportunities to continue to increase links in multiple areas. We expect these initiatives to have a positive impact on the performance of our future wells across Permian. Our most mature horizontal program is in South East New Mexico, where we began horizontal drilling at the end of 2012. We put seven new wells on production in the quarter and now have a total of 26 horizontal wells on production in this area. Of those, 17 are in Bone Spring intervals and the other nine are Brushy Canyon wells. The first and second Bone Spring wells averaged an initial production rate of 700 boe per day, three of the Brushy Canyon wells were put on EST with average initial production rates of 1,100 boe per day, and four other  others averaged 300 boe per day. Average drill time for the horizontal wells was 30 days per well and total cost for drilling and completion averaged $5.6 million. Looking forward, we expect to average 26 rigs during the second quarter and well peak at 27 rigs in the third quarter of which 18 will be horizontal. For the full year, we remain on track to spend $1.6 billion and drilled approximately 340 wells. We continue to expect Permian resources to grow a total production for the year about 13% to 16%. As you can tell, there are a lot of exciting things happening in the Permian resources business, and the teams are working incredibly hard to increase our knowledge to move faster at the learning curve. I will now turn the call back to Chris Stavros.
Chris Stavros: Thank you, Vicki. Emily, were now ready to pull for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). And our first question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good morning everybody. Steve, I wonder if I could take a couple please. First of all, thanks for all the disclosure on the share buyback plan. But there was obviously fairly large omission from the discussion which is MENA on the differential proceeds from MENA. So, Im wondering if you could give us an update as to where that process stands and how that may impact the buyback plan also? And then I have a follow-up on the Permian, please.
Steve Chazen: Yes, I think we continue to make progress in it from both parties that are, or both groups or parties if you want to think of it that way, that are involved, and rather than speculate on the amount we will just say that would increase perhaps materially the share buyback program. But I think its not helpful at this point with the parties to speculate on what the amount might be.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I understand. Could you maybe help us a little bit with the time line, because obviously, one of the things that we have talked about backwards and forwards is whether or not you would be prepared to sort of pre-fund the debt for California and buy back shares or are you going to wait until that process is complete? So, when you consider Plains as well is, this kind of an 18-month kind of time line that you are talking about for the buyback or would you be inclined to accelerate it?
Steve Chazen: Well just see how the stock responds. If we see an opportunity, we could accelerate it. If not, we will wait. But you should expect continued reduction in the share count through the rest of this year, and into next year.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. My follow-up is really kind of related, I guess, because youve given us an idea what the free cash flow could look like for the residual company. And obviously, it would seem that even with this step-up in spending in the Permian, youre still going to have substantial free cash available, especially from this business. So I guess what Im kind of thinking are what are your plans on a go forward basis? The Permian is going to grow but would you expect the growth per share would be the kind of metric and the buybacks to become a more ratable piece or are the acquisitions in the Permian something that is still appealing to you over time? And I will leave it there. Thanks.
Steve Chazen: Yes. On the acquisitions right now, it is really not accretive. Generally speaking, the public markets are way ahead of the cash markets. The public markets could be right and the cash markets could be wrong. But right now I dont find acquisitions to be particularly interesting and were not doing anything that is dilutive. So I think as far as acquisitions, I think thats unlikely. As we look forward, in our cash flow, we expect our earnings per share, fees starting with the current levels, to continue to grow. We hope it will grow this year, and we expect it to grow going forward. We expect our cash flow per share, if you want to use that metric, to continue to grow and we expect the dividends to grow. Share repurchase, I think for the next several years, I doubt if the company will need to do a large scale, any kind of major acquisitions. I mean there are always little pieces to be picked up. But I think the company will continue to use the cash flow to grow dividends where its predictable cash flow growth and to repurchase shares where it is less predictable. Some modest debt reduction to go with the smaller scale of business. But thats  I think what people should expect, they should expect better earnings, better returns on invested capital, they should expect some continued reduction in the share count, at a modest, more modest rate after this process is done and growing dividends.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate that. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for making the effort to get on the call all of you. Steve, could you just talk a little bit more about the decision to pull the Bakken sale, the process around that and what your plans are for that business going forward? Thanks.
Steve Chazen: Yes, were not doing wealth destructive divestitures. So, if we got a price that was sort of comparable the way we trade, I think thats one thing. But the cash market is just simply not that strong right now. And so our plan, it makes around 20,000 a day of production. We restarted our development program. And so, I think it will grow modestly over the next year or two. We dont have  and well just see what the markets give us going forward. Im sort of  we could either grow it or we could divest, but right now, the cash just doesnt get the kind of proceeds that we think are intrinsic in the business.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: Could you remind us why you wanted to sell it?
Steve Chazen: The scale. It is 20,000 a day, the scale was below what weve been wanting. We probably need about a 40,000 or 50,000 a day business. The business has actually done better on an operational perspective over the last year, than it had done historically. And so I think its sub optimal scale. Perhaps at some point in the future there might be an opportunity to merge it in with somebody else. But right now, I think well just keep it there. Its not doing any  it may be doing some modest good, and not doing any harm right now.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: I guess the obvious follow-up is that if youre not seeing the right prices to sell stuff, wouldnt you want to buy stuff there to get up your scale?
Steve Chazen: If there was stuff at the same price. The market is not  its not a robust market. And so the companies trade for much more than relative basis than people offered us for the asset. So, what they were trying to do is do accretive acquisitions for their company Im sure but with multiple differences  difference.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: Yes. And then just to finish up on that and that will be it for me on slide 11, just to finish up on that particular paragraph, could you talk a little bit more about the P-Ons, as well because its this does explore strategic alternatives. I wonder what is worth and Ill leave it there? Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Yes, on the P-Ons, were in discussions with a private party to create a joint venture. They have a fair amount of interest in the P-Ons, we have a fair amount of the current plan as to put them together, run them as a private business for a while and then at some point in the future they would have enough scale to go public.
Paul Sankey  Wolfe Research: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Leo Mariani of RBC. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani  RBC: I just wanted to follow-up a little bit on some of these asset sales. I appreciate some of the color here but could you give us a little bit more color potentially on timing of sort of the rest of the Plains GP, when you think that might exit the portfolio? A and then I guess I think there were maybe some other small U.S. non-core assets, wasnt sure if you guys were still selling some other little things here that might be off the table as well?
Steve Chazen: There is always small things for sale but nothing thats moved the needle a lot. The Plains thing, I think it expires at the end of the year, toward the end of the year, and we will be looking to see what we can do early next year.
Leo Mariani  RBC: Okay. And I guess just in terms of the Permian, you guys are creeping up the horizontal rig count, 17 now, it is like going to 18, I think you said, another quarter or two. And can you just give us maybe a better sense of where maybe that could get to you over the next couple of years? Do you have kind of a multi-year kind of rig ramp planned on the horizontal side in the Permian, any color on that would be appreciated?
Steve Chazen: Vicki would be glad to talk about that.
Vicki Hollub: We expect to double our rig count from this year, and two years, to double, so going from the 23 peak that we will have this year to possibly 46 in 2016. For horizontal rigs, this year, as you know, as you just said, in Q3, we will be going to 18 horizontal rigs and expect to end the year, this year with about 21 horizontal rigs. Well increase that from the end of the year 21, going up toward 2016. We dont have an exact number as to what the horizontal rig count will be of that total but we expect it to be about double.
Leo Mariani  RBC: Okay, thats helpful. And I guess you guys specifically kind of highlighted this Barilla Draw acreage here in your slide. I just want to get a sense of kind of how much acreage that is in total and maybe you could just talk a little bit more about sort of the areas of the Midland that you think are kind of the most prospective in terms of the total acreage size there?
Vicki Hollub: In the Texas Delaware, I can talk about basically what we expect our well potential to be. Its going to be in that area, we expect to drill over 1,000 Wolfcamp wells, depending on the productivity of some of the benches that we have yet to test. So this is, the over 1,000 is based on the benches that we feel pretty comfortable with today. That would be in that Barilla Draw area plus the surrounding acreage. So, that would be for all of Texas Delaware.
Leo Mariani  RBC: All right. And I guess just also, similar question on the Midland, you highlighted a number of kind of small kind of acreage parcels here, sort of in largely Martland and Midland and some in hector. Just want to get a sense that there is kind of, an acreage number that you guys could kind of throw out there in the Midland in terms of what you think is kind of the high graded stuff thats most prospective for horizontal drilling?
Vicki Hollub: In the Midland Basin, we expect that the acreage that we have listed there for the three areas that we show, we expect our prospective acreage to be about that, for the Midland Basin from what we know today, from the appraisal work that we are currently doing.
Leo Mariani  RBC: Okay. Thanks, thats helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read  Wells Fargo: Good morning.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Roger Read  Wells Fargo: A lot of this stuff has been hit. If we could talk a little bit about the share repurchase pace again, youve mentioned several times where there is flexibility in terms of the pace of share repo. Maybe give us an idea assuming California goes out, on the schedule, you expect, the way you think about it, is it stock price driven. Is it cash flow on hand? Is it combination of the two and getting back to the earlier question about would you be willing to put the balance sheet to work here?
Steve Chazen: Its stock price driven.
Roger Read  Wells Fargo: Just that simple?
Steve Chazen: That simple.
Roger Read  Wells Fargo: Okay. Well, thats helpful. And then in the Permian, obviously, I understand everything going on in the spending front here, could you talk a little bit about the infrastructure you need. Weve heard from various sources that some of the challenges are more in the gathering systems than in the trunk line systems. Kind of how youre addressing that issue?
Steve Chazen: Maybe, well let Willie, to talk about  were a large gatherer in the basin. Maybe we could talk a little bit about our gathering system in the Permian.
Willie Chiang: Sure. We really havent had too much problems in getting the gathering done. The big challenge, as youve seen is really the trunk lines which we think is going to resolve itself here with the startup of our BridgeTex pipeline later this quarter, early third quarter. So, from the infrastructure piece on gathering.
Roger Read  Wells Fargo: Okay, well, I guess one of the questions along that along is if you are having issues with crude versus condensate versus gas handling, and then maybe what your spending will do on that front, and are we going up in concert with the rig count, or something more or less?
Willie Chiang: Yes, we may be looking at some more gas processing facilities, but on the natural gas side, we feel its adequate.
Steve Chazen: Weve got a big gathering system, so we will probably have more flexibility maybe than somebody who doesnt have their own gathering system. Willie, how many miles of gathering system do you have, roughly?
Willie Chiang: Weve got close to 3,000 miles of pipe, for the Permian.
Steve Chazen: Permian. So, were a big gatherer not just of our own but other peoples crude and we may have more flexibility than maybe some of the smaller producers.
Roger Read  Wells Fargo: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Sven Del Pozzo of IHS. Please go ahead.
Sven Del Pozzo  IHS: Yes, hello. Wanted to  whats your take on macro forecast for California gas because were  and I know you guys have those fields you bought from Benaco Rosetta. So you must be one of the biggest, potentially have the biggest fields for gas. And also those older discoveries you had, I dont know, 6, 7 years ago that were gas and condensate, that Im not sure if you got around to developing them because gas prices were not strong enough. So, what is your take on the local gas market in California and how you might use your gas assets to take advantage of that?
Steve Chazen: Right now we have a lot of gas potential in the state. We could increase our gas production substantially. Right now, the oil drilling has got significantly better margins, and significantly better returns. If that changes, gas prices go up some more, some of our stuff Im sure is economic in the 4.00, 4.50 area but just not as economic as $100 oil. And so, I think right now, well keep our gas drilling modest in California, but clearly, when a California company is separate, they could take a different view of this and maybe have somewhat different return standards than we do.
Sven Del Pozzo  IHS: All right. So then the gas production drop we saw in California sequentially from the fourth quarter to the first quarter is that  what kind of a decline is that? Could you consider that a base decline or you said it is going to flatten out now in the second quarter. So, Im just trying to get a feel of how those  what the legacy decline rate of those gas assets might be, if you stop drilling?
Steve Chazen: Yes. Were pretty much stopped. So, Vicki can answer the rest of it.
Vicki Hollub: Some of the decline of our gas assets was in excess of 25%, and thats why we made the switch to move to more towards some of our conventional EOR projects and water floods. Weve had some gas declines that were actually greater than 30% as well. So were trying to lower that decline and weve now been able to lower the decline of Elk Hills over the past few years by switching more towards our heavier liquids drilling and development.
Sven Del Pozzo  IHS: Well, thank you. And then, one last question. When you mentioned the Permian unit, if Im correct and repeating what you said, I think you said you spend about 1.6 billion to drill and complete about 340 wells. Was that a gross number, thats in 2014, was that a gross number and if so, could we get a net number?
Vicki Hollub: Currently, the number of wells is a gross number, and the capital is a net number. We dont quite have here in front of us the net number on the wells.
Sven Del Pozzo  IHS: And the gross number doesnt include the third party wells?
Vicki Hollub: Right.
Sven Del Pozzo  IHS: Gross operated?
Steve Chazen: Yes, those are gross operated and the capital is sort of a mix. And but it doesnt include the non-operated wells because we dont know what that will be.
Sven Del Pozzo  IHS: Okay. All right, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Hi, yes, good morning. Yes, I just wanted to get a little bit more color on how you see the Permian developing. Youve given us some extra disclosure on the Midlands. You got 40,000 acres there, plus you say you could double or 80,000. Youve given us a 1,000 locations as the number for Barilla (ph) Draw. And then you got this large sort of acreage position in New Mexico. I guess the concern people have is that as you accelerate the rig counts, you guys dont have as much inventory as some of the say pure plays in the region. So Im just trying to get a sense of where, apart from what youve disclosed today we should be thinking would be the growth area in your existing organic portfolio? Vicki can answer that, I think better than I can, but weve disclosed how many acres we have thats prospective and we just highlighted the areas in this call that are going to affect the production over the next 2 or 3 quarters. It wasnt intended as what might be there for the next 20 years. But I think Vicki can probably answer better than I can.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, we have close to 2 million in prospective acres in our Permian resources business unit and currently weve identified over 4,400 well locations to drill. So were not short on inventory yet because were still in the process of evaluating some of the other benches, too. So, we expect the well location number to go up with time.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: And I guess that, just to be clear again, that 4,400 or 4,500, thats the net locations operated or whats the definition of that? So we can compare that apples with apples.
Vicki Hollub: Thats the gross operated well locations.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Okay. So, that would compare with the 340, sort of give about 13 year inventory.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, thats correct.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Right. And so, I guess, Im trying to think about whats the upside to that in terms of what percentage of the acreage you have drilled out as you think about that sort of 4,500 acres?
Vicki Hollub: I think the important thing to remember for us is that with wells, horizontal wells weve drilled to date, weve really only drilled about 1% of our potential. So if you look at these kind of plays, normally that well count goes up significantly over time as you get to the other benches to appraise those. So, I think our estimate right now is conservative based on what we have available to evaluate and expect that number to continue go up as we learn more.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then, specific question on Barilla Draw. I mean, youve got 88% liquids, just a sense of how much of that NGLs and how much of that is condensate. IPs are looking good but just trying to get a sense of the liquid mix? Thank you.
Vicki Hollub: 72% of that is oil.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: And do you know the API of the oil, is it?
Vicki Hollub: I think its in the 30% to 35% range.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Okay, good. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James: Thanks for taking the question. Steve, we saw in the last several months, City of Carson, LA County, a few other jurisdictions in California have been putting up proposals, anti-fracking, some cases, anti-drilling?
Steve Chazen: No LA County. So, its a City of Los Angeles.
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James: Okay, City of Los Angeles. So, your talks on the trends, if there were trends?
Steve Chazen: Well, I think its a fair way to describe that its basically supposedly regulated by the State of California, thats where the laws were setup in California, not regulated by every town. To the extent that towns dont want us there, we wont be there. Weve got lots of acreage in California, there is lots of counties and towns that would like us there, want the jobs. Some of these places that dont want us have very high unemployment rates. And if they dont want us there, its just fine. So far, these areas are not significant portions of our total position in California. Theyre some relatively small positions, theyre being stirred up by people who dont like oil and gas. And so, I think one of the California company is up and running, one of their major tasks will be to  and major focus would be on dealing with political issues in California. But noise, is sort of what California produces, the political guy wants to talk about fracking or something, thats certainly no one you think about it. And just for the completeness, I think the Beverley Hills City Council voted of our fracking within the borders of the City of Beverley Hills. Now, initially I thought I misunderstood what they were saying and then they were kind of outlaw their most important export product. But actually I dont  there are wells that have been proposed to be fracking in the wells or they were, I think there is one field there thats been there for about 50 years. These are  theyre just politicians trying to make some good statement, maybe to people in Beverly Hills that parked their Rolls Royces and drive bicycle going forward.
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James: Good. And just one more quick one in California. When you referred to the $5 billion?
Steve Chazen: You can see why Im not going to be part of the California Company.
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James: I understood. When you referred to the $5 million of funded debt in the income, is that effectively going to be structured as a dividend $5 billion dividend to the parent?
Steve Chazen: Yes.
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James: Okay, appreciate it.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from John Harlan of Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
John Harlan  Societe Generale: Yes, thanks. Some quick ones, how much in the Permian, how much incremental costs are the ASPs for you?
Steve Chazen: Obviously, Im not going to answer that one, so Vicki is going to answer it.
Vicki Hollub: Im going to just be honest, Ill have to take a guess on this. I havent looked specifically at that number recently. But I believed it would be about $35,000 to $40,000 incremental over the gas lift, it could be a little bit more than that.
John Harlan  Societe Generale: Okay. Steve, when you were in New York, you said that you thought you were top cortile in terms of your drilling and completion work in the unconventional Permian is that improving at all with subsequent wells drilled?
Steve Chazen: Yes, I think so. But I think well stay with the top cortile for now. Weve got more to do. I think that things are getting better, our overall costs we didnt say it actually, overall cost of the company are 9% better than the comparable wells drilled from last year and so far this year. So, I think were getting better. But weve still got more to do, more cost to be saved, better completion techniques, I think Vicki has been pretty forth right about, what she wants to accomplish in that. So, I think there is more to do, just good, it will never improve, continuous improvement that will never end.
John Harlan  Societe Generale: Great. Last one from me is, the dividend for Oxy remain curve, are you going to hold it flat or go down a little bit for the spin curve?
Steve Chazen: No, itll go up, itll go up.
John Harlan  Societe Generale: Okay.
Steve Chazen: The dividends, the way this thing is set up, there is a dividend from the post California company, company will be able to increase its dividends at a reasonable pace going forward. And the goal is not to have it reduce its dividend or hold it flat like some others have done, people should expect the same kind of increases, the percentages maybe different but the same kind of increases that theyve enjoyed in the past.
John Harlan  Societe Generale: Okay. Last one from me is on Fibro, are you going to monetize that or whats the story?
Steve Chazen: Yes, they are out, we would like to buy it. I think its available. So, their outlook talking to investors who want to do the credit support for Fibro. But in any case, their book is declining over the next couple of quarters.
John Harlan  Societe Generale: Okay, thank you.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the conference back over to Chris Stavros for any closing remarks.
Chris Stavros: Thanks for joining us on the call today. And please give us a call in New York if you have any further questions. Thanks.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Stavros  VP, IR and Treasurer Steve Chazen  President and CEO Cynthia Walker  Chief Financial Officer Willie Chiang  Vice President, Operations and Head, Midstream Business Sandy Lowe  President, International Oil and Gas Operations Bill Albrecht  President, Oxy Oil and Gas, Americas Vicki Hollub  Executive Vice President, Oxys U.S. Oil and Gas Operations
Analysts: Doug Terreson  ISI Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Faisel Khan  Citigroup Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs Roger Read  Wells Fargo 
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chris Stavros. Please go ahead.
Christopher Stavros: Thank you, Emily and good morning, everyone. Thanks for participating in Occidental Petroleums fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. On the call with us this morning from Houston are Steve Chazen, Oxys President and Chief Executive Officer; Vicki Hollub, Executive Vice President of Oxys U.S. Oil and Gas Operations; Cynthia Walker, our Chief Financial Officer; Willie Chiang, Oxys Vice President of Operations and Head of our Midstream Business; Bill Albrecht, President of Oxys Oil and Gas in the Americas; and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Operations.  We are going to change things up a bit this quarter and begin the call with comments from our CEO Steve Chazen who will review some of the achievements we realized last year with respect to the fundamentals of our business and our strategy and plan for 2014. Vicki Hollub will then provide a thorough discussion on the strategy and outlook for our operations in both the Permian basin and California.  In order to provide a little more current for discussion around our domestic oil and gas operations, we will not directly address our fourth quarter results on the call. However Cynthia Walkers detailed commentary on the fourth quarter as well as forward looking guidance items can be found in the conference call slides sent to you following Vickis remarks and beginning with Slide 46. As a reminder, todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in these statements and our filings. Our fourth quarter 2013 earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules, conference call presentation slides, as well as Cynthias detailed commentary on the fourth quarter results have been posted and can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. Ill now turn the call over to Steve Chazen. Steve, please go ahead.
Steve Chazen: Thank you, Chris. We just finished a successful year meeting or exceeding many of the goals we set out for ourselves and are looking to continue our performance into 2014. Let me give you a brief overview of the key 2013 highlights.  We grew our domestic oil production by 11,000 barrels per day over 2012 to 266,000 a day. We exceeded our capital efficiency goals reducing our drilling costs by 24% from the 2012 levels, reduced domestic operating costs by 17%. We added about 470 million barrels of reserves equivalents achieving overall replacement ratio of 169%.  Our total costs incurred associated with those reserve adds were about $7.7 billion, resulting in repair and finding and development costs of under $17. We increased our return on capital employed from 10.3% in 2012 to 12.2% in 2013. Turning now to some of the specifics of the key accomplishments of last year. As a result of our development program, we improved our capital efficiency by 24% domestically over 2012, which translates to about a $900 million reduction in capital for the wells drilled in 2013. Of this improvement, 50% came from the Permian basin, 25% from California and 25% from the rest of domestic assets. We accomplished these improvements while successfully completing our program by drilling approximately what we had planned. We also reduced our domestic operating costs by 17%, or about $470 million compared to 2012. About 48% of this improvement was in the Permian basin, 46% was in California and the remainder was in their other domestic assets. While we focused on these efficiencies, we also grew our domestic oil production by 11,000 barrels a day. With respect to reserves, we had a very successful year in growing the companys reserve base by adding substantially more reserves than we produced. Over 90% of which was added to our organic development program. We ended the year based on preliminary estimate with about 3.5 billion barrels of reserves which represent an all-time high for the company. Our total company reserve replacement ratio from all categories before dispositions was about 169% or about 470 million barrels of new reserves, further [ph] 278 million barrels we produced during the year. In the United States, our reserve replacement ratio was 190%. Replacement ratios to California properties and the Permian non-CO2 properties were similar to the overall ratio. Our reserve replacement ratio for liquids from all categories was 195% for the total company and 228% domestically. This reflects our emphasis on oil drilling instead of gas. Our total costs incurred related total reserve additions for the year on preliminary basis of about $7.7 billion. Over the last several years we have built a large portfolio of growth oriented assets in United States. In 2013 we spent larger than normal portion of our investment dollars in development of these assets. Our GReNeC reserve replacement for the year reflects the positive results of these development efforts. Our 2013 program, excluding acquisition, replaced 168% of our domestic production with about 291 million barrels of reserve adds. In addition we transferred a 115 million barrels of proved undeveloped reserves to proved developed category domestically as a result of the program. Our acquisitions were at a multiyear low of $550 million, providing reserve adds of 32 million barrels. At the end of the year we estimate that 73% of our total proved reserves were liquids, increasing from 72% in 2012. Of the other total reserves about 70% were proved developed compared to 73% last year; 2012, that is. Increasing the share of the proved undeveloped reserves compared to last year with all the reserves added of the Al Hosn Gas Project. We expect to move these reserves to proved developed category at the end of this year, once the initial production starts in the fourth quarter. Through the success of our drilling program and capital efficiency initiative we lowered our finding and development cost over recent years, as a result we expect our DD&A expense to be around $17.40 a barrel only a small increase from the $17.10 in 2013. This is consistent with our expectation that DD&A rate of growth should flatten out as recent investment come online and finding and development cost come down. Because of our organic reserve additions and the efficiency weve achieved in our operations demonstrates the significant progress weve made in turning the company in a competitive domestic productive. One of our long-term goals domestically has been achieved, a 50% pre-tax margin after finding and development and cash operating cost, so as to generate solid returns. We believe were achieving that now and expect to continue to do so in the future. Consistent with what weve said, our focus in 2013 was to enhance the shareholder value through our results. For this goal, our program was heavily focused on growing our domestic oil production, improving our capital efficiency, that is, improving our finding and development cost and lowering our operating cost. We met or exceeded these goals in result have increased our return on capital to 12.2%, a significant improvement from the 10.3% of last year and a testament to the hard work and dedication of all of our employees. We expect to see further improvements in our returns in coming years as a result of the recent investments. Turning to this year, our 2014 program is designed to improve on last years strong performance. Let me highlight the key elements of the 2014 program, which I will discuss without reflecting any of the effects of our strategic review initiatives. We expect our 2014 program to be about $10.2 billion compared to the $8.8 billion we spent in 2013. The increase includes about $400 million of additional capital allocated to each of our Californian Permian operations largely for additional drilling, to accelerate their development plans and production growth. An additional $100 million will be spent in these and other domestic assets for facilities projects that were deferred from 2013. The domestic oil and gas capital program will continue to focus on growing oil production and the entire increase in capital will go to oil productions in California and in Permian Basin. We also expect to continue to find growth opportunities in our key international assets, mainly in Oman and Qatar and complete the Al Hosn Gas Project. Our capital for 2014 for Oman and Qatar will increase by about $300 million over last year. Our exploration capital will increase by about $100 million; in part, due to spending that was deferred from last year. Our midstream capital increased by about $100 million as a result of spending on the BridgeTex Pipeline and two new terminals at Ingleside. Our chemical capital increased also by about $100 million; the Mexican joint venture we announced last year and we complete the new Johnsonville chlor-alkali facility. Our success in improving our capital efficiency and operating cost structure has provided us with the ability to expand our development opportunities that met our financial return targets. The capital program production growth that I outlined, it reflects the benefit of our streamlined structure and our commitment to continue fuel growth by exploiting our large portfolio, primarily in California and in Permian Basin. We expect to our 2014, we expect our Company-wide production volumes to grow to between 780,000 and 790,000 barrel equivalents a day compared to 763,000 in 2013, with the fourth quarter exit rate of over 800,000 barrels a day excluding the planned Al Hosn production. This increase will come almost entirely from domestic oil production while we expect to see a continued modest drop in our domestic gas volumes. Our domestic oil production is expected to grow from 266,000 barrels a day in 2013 to between 280,000 and 295,000 barrels a day in 2014 or about a 9% increase. This growth will come fairly evenly from our California and Permian operations. Internationally, excluding Al Hosn, we expect production to grow slightly. While the elements of the 2014 program that I discussed assumes no changes to Company structure or its mixed of assets. We do expect the Company will look significantly different by the end of the year. Strategic view we are undertaking will result in large changes to the Companys asset mix. Our capital program production expectation and other elements of 2014 program will be adjusted as the related transactions are concluded. Finally, some of our longer lead investments we have been making over last couple of years will start contributing to our results this year, specifically the Al Hosn Gas Project we expect to start its initial production in the fourth quarter and start contributing to our cash flow. We expect the BridgeTex Pipeline to come online around the third quarter and to start contributing to our midstream earnings and cash flow. The new Johnsonville chlor-alkali plant is expected to come online early this year and will make a positive contribution to the operations for our chemical business. With respect to the initiatives outlined in the first phase of the Companys strategic review announced last year, we completed a sale of a portion of Companys investment in the General Partner of Plains All-American Pipeline in October, resulting in pre-tax proceeds of about $1.4 billion. After this sale, we continue to own about a 25% interest in the Plains General Partner, which at current price should be valued at about $4 billion. We have made steady progress in our discussions with key partners in the countries where we operate, in the MENA region for the sale of our minority interest in our operations there. Due to the scale and complexities of potential transaction, we expect these discussions to continue through the first half of this year. We have made good progress in our pursuit of strategic alternatives to the select Midcon assets, we expect to provide further information on any transactions as they conclude, some around the end of the second quarter and well announce material developments as they occur. In the fourth quarter, we used the Plains proceed to retire $625 million of debt, reducing our debt load by about 9% and to purchase almost $10 million shares of the Company stock of a cash outlay of $880 million. We ended the year with a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 14%. At the Februarys Board Meeting we will review the Companys dividend policy, status of strategic alternatives and share repurchase authority. Many of the steps weve taken in 2013, including our success in improving our efficiency and the action that our board has authorized lay a ground work for stronger results for this year and beyond. The operational improvement we expect to achieve in 2014 coupled with the strategic action we expect to executive this year, should place the Company in a position to improve its returns while continue to grow and increase its dividends to maximize shareholder value. Vicki Hollub will now provide a more detailed discussion of our California and Permian operations.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Steve. This morning Ill review two of our largest domestic operations: our Permian and California businesses  describing our 2014 plans as well as longer term growth opportunities. In 2013, we implemented an important transition plan in both of these businesses. And the success we achieved built a solid foundation for long-term growth. In 2014, the specific goals of our operations are continue the development of our large anchor projects in each of our operating areas. Which will enable us to allocate a significant portion of our capital to projects with solid returns, low execution risk and long-term growth, further reduce our drilling and completion cost to improve our finding and development cost and our project economics. Continue to optimize operating cost without affecting production to improve our current earnings and free cash flow. Build on our successful exploration efforts in each of our core areas. Evaluate data and test various new concepts in our pilot areas which will setup the anchor projects of the future. We manage our Permian Basin operations through two business units. The Permian EOR business which combines CO2 and water floods and the Permian Resources business which is where our growth-oriented and unconventional opportunities are managed. I will refer to the CO2 water flood business as Permian EOR and the other business as Permian Resources. The Permian Basin designation will be for the combined operations. In the Permian Basin we spent over $1.7 billion of capital in 2013 with 64% focused on our Permian Resources assets. In 2014, we plan to spend just under $2.2 billion overall in the basin. The entire $450 million increase will be spent on our Permian Resources assets representing about 70% of our total capital spend in the basin. We expect the Permian EOR business to offset this decline in 2014 and to actually grow 1.4%. The Permian Resources oil production is expected to grow faster in the range of 20% to 25% and its total production by 13% to 16%. On a combined basis for the Permian Basin, this should translate to oil production growth of over 6% in 2014 and total overall production growth of over 5% while generating $1.8 billion of cash flow after capital. 2013 was a pivotal year for our Permian Basin operations. First, we improved our capital efficiency by 25% and reduced our operating expenses by $3.22 a barrel or 17%. We also began transitioning to a horizontal drilling program. We drilled 49 horizontal wells with 47 completing and producing. The combination of improvements in well cost, our own results and those of neighboring operators have given us the opportunity to dramatically shift our program to more horizontal drilling in 2014. Our Permian Resources team will average running about 21 rigs of which 17 will be drilling horizontal wells. We plan to drill approximately 345 total wells or about 50% of which will be horizontal. This compares to 330 total wells drilled in 2013 around only 15% were horizontal. We have two main goals for our Permian Resources business in 2014. First, we intend to continue the evaluation of the potential across our full acreage position and second, we plan to pilot various development strategies, including optimal lateral link, frac design and well spacing, both, laterally and vertically. We believe this will position us for accelerated development as we exit 2014 and go into 2015. We believe we have one of the most promising and underexploited unconventional portfolios in the Basin. In 2013 we added 200,000 net prospective acres to our unconventional portfolio and now have about 1.9 million prospective acres. This is a prime position in the Permian Basin. Our acreage in the Midland Basin, Texas Delaware Basin and New Mexico give us exposure to all the unconventional plays, which is unique. This will give us flexibility to develop our most attractive opportunities first and to mitigate risk. Based on the work weve done to-date, we have identified approximately 4,500 drilling locations across our portfolio representing 1.2 billion net barrels of resource potential. We believe weve made conservative assumptions regarding prospective acres, well spacing and expected ultimate recoveries, but expect these numbers will grow as we learn more. We see the largest near-term growth in the Midland Basin which represents about two-thirds of our currently assessed resource potential. However, our Delaware Basin prospective acreage is significantly larger and potentially there should be room to grow. We believe our measured approach to our unconventional portfolio has worked to our advantage. Our Permian Resources production comes from about 9,500 gross wells of which 54% are operated by the producers. On a net basis we have approximately 4,400 wells of which 15% are non-operated. This has given us the opportunity to observe the results achieved by other operators in the basin, learn from those results and optimize our approach to maximize the opportunities on our acreage. The success of our capital and operating cost efficiency efforts in 2013 has enabled us to significantly improve our cost structure which has increased our opportunities there. For example, a typical well in the coli [ph] area that had an IRR of 24% before our capital and operating cost reductions now yields IRR of 48% using the same product prices to achieve similar success in all of our most active areas across the business unit. Finally, we have established a multi-step methodical process for our unconventional acreage in the Permian Resources business that includes, step one, exploration to establish the presence of a commercial resource; step two, testing and data gathering to optimize well completion design; step three, pilot programs to assess variability of well performance to design and full field development plans; and step four, transition to manufacturing mode for full field development. This process is helping us prudently develop our acreage, maximizing cash flow and returns. As a result we are now prepared to accelerate our activities in the Permian Resources business where we believe the opportunity in front of us is one of the biggest in the basin. Now, Ill review our program in more detail beginning with the Midland Basin. Weve been most active with our horizontal activity to-date in the Midland Basin where weve drilled 16 wells. In 2014, we plan to spend $790 million to drill 147 wells, including 74 horizontals. We expect the average eight rigs in the area during this year. Our largest opportunity here is in the Wolfcamp Shale, where we have tested Wolfcamp A and B benches and plan to target our activity to test the remaining benches.  One of our most successful pilot projects in this basin is South Curtis Ranch which has now gone into full field development mode. This is the property that we acquired in 2010. We have drilled 63 vertical and 6 horizontal wells to date and plan to drill over 200 additional wells on this acreage. Results so far have been as expected with initial 30-day production rates where the horizontal wells averaging approximately 800 boe per day.  In the Midland basin, we also believe there is substantial potential in the Cline which is currently under evaluation. We have drilled 6 horizontal Cline wells so far and plan to drill another 5 to 10 in 2014. Preliminary results indicate we may have the opportunity to drill up to 450 Cline wells in the basin.  Another pilot project is horizontal drilling in the Sprayberry where we plan to drill our first horizontal well in the first quarter and we will evaluate next steps with the results. In addition to the horizontal activity we also plan to continue our legacy vertical Wolfberry development. In the Texas Delaware basin, we plan to spend approximately $370 million in 2014 to drill 91 wells including 48 horizontals. We expect the average five rigs during the year. And our horizontal activity will be focused in the Wolfcamp where we believe the A, B, and C benches will prove to be the most prospective.  We drilled and participated in three horizontal Wolfcamp wells in 2013 and we will increase that to 45 in 2014. Our activity is centered in Reeves County where we historically have drilled vertical Wolfbone Wells. Early horizontal results are proving to have better economics, but there are some plays where vertical development is still more efficient.  In our Coli [ph] area, we plan to drill 43 vertical wells targeting the Bell and Cherry Canyon formation. This represents the continuation of the one-rig program we executed in 2013. And in Mexico, we plan to spend approximately $370 million to drill 97 wells including 50 horizontals. We expect the average four rigs during a year. The Bone Spring Formation in New Mexico is the second largest opportunity in our portfolio behind the Wolfcamp Shale. In 2013, we drilled 16 horizontal wells testing the first, second and third Bone Spring sand intervals. Our results were very encouraging and we expect to increase the program to drill 30 horizontal Bone Spring sand wells in 2014.  Of the $2.2 billion to be spent in the Permian basin in 2014, $660 million will be allocated to our Permian EOR business. As I previously mentioned this business unit is a combination of CO2 and water floods. It is symbiotic to manage these assets together as they have similar development characteristics and ongoing monitoring and maintenance requirements. For the last couple of years we have actually spent more capital on water floods as we mature the next CO2 developments. In 2014, 25% of the $660 million will be spent on current water flood development and the remainder on CO2 floods. Further, we have 1.4 billion net barrels of oil equivalent and reserves and potential resources remaining to be developed in the Permian EOR business.  We believe we are the efficiency leader in the basin in applying CO2 flood technology to develop this potential. We have the ability to accelerate growth in our EOR projects as more CO2 becomes available. As a result of our efficiency advantage, many projects that dont work for others work for us. Over the last several year, the focus of our Permian exploration program has been to identify unconventional opportunities which are then transitioned to full field development through the process I explained earlier. Our approach has been very successful giving us a large opportunity set that we are now working to fully develop. We continue to see the addition of new plays in the basin and see years of exploration drilling opportunities ahead in our 2 million prospective acre position.  Now that I have gone through some of the specifics of the program for the Permian basin, I will explain our overall business strategy. We are approaching our development program with the multi-pronged strategy that first maximizes the field resource potential. Second, controls cost to optimize returns. Third, gives us a strategic advantage to improve our realizations. We are using targeted horizontal and vertical drilling as appropriate optimizing development completion plans from lateral length to frac efficiency, as well as lift strategies to maximize recovery. We are making heavier infrastructure investments like power, water handling and gas processing to pre-plan for field success. These strategies coupled with our successful exploration program accomplished the first of our objectives.  We will continue to manage costs and take advantage of our progress along the learning curve with leading technologies and execution efficiencies to accomplish our second objective. And we are also investing in additional takeaway capacity including the completion of the BridgeTex Pipeline and build out of our gathering systems which will give our crude the strategic advantage to reach either the Houston Ship Channel or Corpus Christi Markets.  Finally, I would like to comment on our plans for the Permian basin over the next several years. With the combined businesses, we have more than 2.5 billion barrels oil equivalent and reserves and potential resources.  Within each business, we have the flexibility to shift capital among projects within that business, as well as, the flexibility to shift capital between the two businesses as needed. Our large and diverse portfolio creates opportunities for a variety of growth options. In the Permian resources business at our current pace, we believe we have over 15 years of development and growth opportunities.  Given that the Permian EOR business is generating significant cash flow and we expect our opportunity set to continue to grow, we plan to double our rigs for the next three years to accelerate the development of the Permian resources units, growth opportunities. We expect this to result in the doubling of our resources units production from approximately 64,000 boe per day in 2013 to more than 1,20,000 in 2016.  In Permian EOR while it is large with a somewhat slower growth curve, we have significant opportunities going forward with continued positive cash flow to fuel the growth of the resources unit. Combined with EOR growth opportunities, we expect our overall Permian basin production to grow by roughly 10% compounded annually growth rate through 2016.  Now, we will shift to California. In 2013, we spent $1.5 billion of capital. Our main goals were to deliver a predictable outcome, advanced low-risk projects that contribute to long-term growth, reduce the cost structure, lower our base decline, create a more balanced portfolio and test exploration and development concepts. We achieved every one of these objectives.  We produced 154,000 barrels oil equivalent per day, generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow after capital. We progressed the development of our steam floods and current front low field and started the redevelopment of our Huntington Beach Field.  We improved our capital efficiency by 20% versus 2012 and also reduced the operating costs by $4.70 per BOE or 20%. Overall, in 2014, we intend to continue the capital strategy shift initiated last year, which was to focus the majority of our capital on low decline projects. Our goals for this year are to accelerate the rate of production growth and maintain our lower cost structure. We have also continued to advance several low risk, high return long-term growth projects and capitalize on our exploration successes.  In 2014, we plan to spend $1.9 billion of capital of which 40% will be spent on water floods, 20% on steam flood and 40% and non-conventional and other developing plays. We expect to average about 27 rigs in California in 2014 compared to an average of 20 rigs in 2013. We plan to drill around 1,050 wells in 2014 compared to 770 in 2013. We expect this program to deliver around 11% oil production growth or over 4% total production growth while generating $1 billion of free cash flow after capital at current prices.  We believe the rate of growth will further accelerate in 2015 and beyond as the number of the steam and water flood projects reach full production and the base decline is lower due to relatively less natural gas development, higher investment and lower decline in oil projects and a larger share of higher growth, lower decline projects in the asset mix.  Let me now share some of the highlights of the program for this year beginning with the water floods. In the L.A. basin we plan to spend $500 million in the Wilmington and Huntington Beach Fields. Our Wilmington Field development in 2013 exceeded expectations. We drilled 135 wells and we will increase that by 7% to 145 wells in 2014.  Our horizontal program was particularly strong and horizontal wells will represent an even greater percentage of wells in 2014. In our Huntington Beach redevelopment, we have successfully brought online our two new [indiscernible] for purpose drilling rigs and drilling completed our two wells in the project. In 2014, we plan to drill 30 wells and we will ultimately drill at least 128 wells.  Our Heavy Oil business was the key focus area in 2013, it will be again in 2014. We plan to spend $315 million to drill about 420 wells compared to 324 wells in 2013. We will also continue a multiyear development of current front and loss field [ph] steam floods and we will pilot some new projects.  I would also like to highlight that the business achieved record production in the fourth quarter producing 19,000 BOE per day which is an increase of 4000 barrels per day from the first quarter of 2013. In Elk Hills, our key objective is to lower the high decline rate and weve made significant progress toward this goal. In 2014 we plan to spend $600 million in capital to drill 325 wells which is an increase of $170 million over 2013. About 55% of Elk Hills capital would be targeting our shale reservoirs for our capital efficacy efforts in 2013 had a significant impact, we experienced an average of 23% decline in oil cost for these programs and 21% decline in operating costs, which dramatically improved the economics and increase the opportunity set.  For example a typical well that generated 30% IRR prior to our efficiency initiatives now delivers 50% IRR using the same product prices. In 2014, we will drill around 130 shale wells at Elk Hills, an increase from 80 in 2013. The remaining Elk Hills capital will target continued development in the shallow oil zone in Stephen [ph] sand.  Our California exploration program has delivered solid results for over five years. The 2014 California program will continue to explore both unconventional and conventional targets. The unconventional program target several prospects similar to the 2013 discovery. The conventional program will target prospects in and around our existing production in both the San Joaquin Valley and Ventura County. Our extensive proprietary 3D seismic surveys are yielding an exciting inventory of leads and prospects which will provide years of drilling opportunities.  Lastly I would like to give you some perspectives on our development plans over the next several years in California. We expect to continue the capital strategy we initiated in 2013 to shift the lower decline and lower risk steam and water flood projects. We believe we can grow our California production from 154,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day currently to 190,000 in 2016 or roughly a 7.5% compounded annual growth rate.  Our steam and water flood projects will contribute 80% of that growth. In fact, 90% will come from projects that are already online. We think this positions California as one of the lowest risk growth profiles in the industry. Further we are targeting primarily oil drilling which will make our portfolio more oily contributing to the solid margin expansion going forward. We expect to grow our oil volumes by roughly 15% compounded annual growth rate through 2016. Over the long term we expect our California growth prospects to benefit from changes in our asset mix. Elk Hills and THUMS while having the potential for years of continued production have lower growth prospects due to the mature state of both of these fields.  On the other hand our water and steam floods as well as our unconventional opportunities should continue to give us double digit growth for years to come. The share of our production from Elk Hills and THUMS has shrunk from 64% in 2009 to 44% in 2013. This shift will continue going forward and the largest share of higher growth projects will further accelerate the growth rate in coming years. Other than the Permian basin, we are continuing to test new ideas and to further improve our drilling completion and development efficiency in all of our projects.  Were also working diligently to comply with the new regulatory requirements created as the result of the passage of Senate Bill 4 in California. We have a dedicated team addressing the associated issues and currently we dont except significant delays in our development plans.  As you can see, while the Permian basin and California stories are different, they are both very exciting. The hard work and dedication of our people have put both of these assets in a position for continued success and 2014 is the year that both of these businesses will begin to accelerate their growth as we have completed the transition to a focused growth oriented development program and were set for long-term growth.  Ill now turn the call back to Chris Stavros.
Christopher Stavros:  Emily, can you please open the line for questions, were ready to take questions thanks.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question from Doug Terreson of ISI, please go ahead.
Doug Terreson  ISI:  Good morning to everybody. Steve, Oxys returns on capital rose last year by almost 20% which I think was the objective or the hope anyway but your capital spending looks like it's going to rise by another 16% or so this year. And so my question is how does management prevent capital misallocation and then retrenchment from occurring again as it did a couple of years ago? Meaning, have there been changes to the capital allocation process or in other areas of corporate planning that might enhance the result in the current scenario?
Steve Chazen:  Yeah, sure. Thank you, first remember that this number is for unchanged business.
Doug Terreson  ISI:  All right.
Steve Chazen:  And thats really not going to happen so the actual spending will be some other number, a lower number because some other businesses wont be here by year-end.
Doug Terreson  ISI: Right.
Steve Chazen:  Were being  weve changed the process, I think Vicki has pointed out that the change in the domestic business and how were  what were focusing on returns are lot better and were not  I think it's basically a lower risk portfolio and will generate more certain returns. We expect the returns were not actually excited about the 12% return on capital employed. I think we need to be closer to in excess of 15% and so our goal is to make sure thats right.  Were -- it's like were very great caution on my part that Ive allowed additional spending in Permian and California, theyve had to convince me that theyre going to stay on the straight and narrow here. So Im pretty sure were under control but if it turns out because were going to watch this monthly because thats what we do now, we watch it monthly. It turns out and get off to the wagon and theyll  the beer will be turned off.
Doug Terreson  ISI: Okay, one more questions you guys also were.
Steve Chazen:  Or the fine wine whatever theyre drinking you know.
Doug Terreson  ISI:  So you guys were obviously very successfully with your cost program that helped the result last year and so most of the complete is there more work to do there on the cost product program? 
Steve Chazen:  For sure, while Im  I think we exceeded our goals.
Doug Terreson  ISI: Right.
Steve Chazen:  Well set new goals. I think my main focus just so we were real clear, the long-term business depends on low F&D, operating costs are fine but they affect the current year but we have to develop a long-term low F&D rate and go back to what we said forever. If we have the F&D and the operating cost and local taxes we need to be below the 50% of the selling price of the product. And if youre going to do that you have pre-tax margins of 50% and youll generate good returns and thats really the objective and so we need to continue to drive as the reservoirs become more challenging, need to cost or cost need to be watched very carefully. I think you know weve used this year 2013 at this to really horn our ability to control costs and I think were there.  Weve gone through a multiyear transition of the company from you know from a very good international producer and you know an okay domestic one to a much stronger domestic business and this has been a not an easy or quick transition but I think at this point we have the people in place to accomplish those goals going forward. Were giving them more money this year but I hold myself and them responsible, unlike football teams the coach gets fired not the assistant coaches in this.
Doug Terreson  ISI:  Well if you guys can make 15% returns on capital thatd be fantastic. Thanks a lot.
Steve Chazen:  I think well be there.
Doug Terreson  ISI: Nice thanks.
Operator:  Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch, please go ahead.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  I have a couple also if I may. Telefonia [ph] has I guess been judged to some extent as not been able to execute because of lack of visibility, so do you believe thats in targets this morning obviously that suggests the stepup in activity but what comfort can you give that you have got the permitting, you have got the rig count. And Im just curious as to where youre headed in terms of how  whether or not separating California still a viable option and one that you think would benefit the balance of the portfolio?
Steve Chazen: Yes, Ill answer the last question first and then well let Vicki, assistant coach here, get ready to answer, how certain she is. At California and the Permian and the rest of the company are quite in some ways different businesses. California can benefit a lot I think. My higher capital spending will generate more growth. We established a base with we might call boring if you want, steam flood and those kind of projects, so they will have enough cash flow to go ahead.  I think it could be managed differently than we would and I think it has good prospects, I think the issue that we need to have a team together that is more aggressive growers, maybe less concerned about dividends and more like E&P, small E&P. No one will lever -- three producers or 85% of the production in California and that isnt going to change. And so, there is never going to be a comp and make people to believe and for the management of that business to deliver, it's probable, but they should be separate. Is that clear enough?
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. That is clear enough. 
Vicki Hollub: With respect to our efficiencies, I feel like in California certainly we have a lot of potential as we outlined in detail in the earnings call a couple times ago. So we have the resources available. We have now put together a team out there that's structured in a way, that gives them the best opportunity of success. We have great people, we have very experienced people who are -- who know a lot about operating in California, who know a lot about the types of projects that we're developing, that's our core business. We know water floods, we know steam floods and that's the bulk of what we're doing. So our team understands quite clearly how to do that and they are among the best in the industry. And so, we're accomplishing what we've said we would do and what we're doing going forward that with this increase in capital is we're being very disciplined about how we evaluate and design our projects and implement our projects. So I'm quite certain that we're not going to lose our efficiency around execution and with the resources that we have, I feel confident that we're going to continue to see the same results that achieved in 2013 going forward.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Given that you have been fairly clear about how this could play out, Telephone [ph] has not been spending its cash flow up until now. So as a standalone company would there be an intangible drilling cost uplift to the operating cash flow in your estimates? And I guess if I could lay on it, very quickly, latest stuff thoughts on the scale of a potential Dutch tender buyback if that's still in your thinking and I'll leave it here. Thanks.
Steve Chazen:  Obviously, California would spend more money and drill more wells until they could generate a lot of tax shelter, if that's the question.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Yeah.
Steve Chazen:  A separate business who competes with  a separate oil company that competes with other medium size or whatever you want to call on producers, obviously is a business that would generate, you basically burn, you use its cash flow. California has the flexibility however so that it could cut back its capital and use money to repurchase shares or something like that, if the right sort of environment came down.  Unlike some other things, it's a pretty complete business that has -- fair amount of gas opportunity when that's available. It has all saves [ph], long term oil and has some exciting oil things to do too. So I think it's a fairly complete business and its a business where, if things get bad for regulator regions or price or whatever, it can cut its capital back, still do well, doesn't get caught on a cred mill of higher decline, could even buy back shares. I don't think it's going to be a big dividend producer but I think I think on share repurchase, it could do that if conditions warrant, but if conditions dont warrant, I am sure they will spend all that money. The process of repurchasing the shares from whatever we do, it just depends on the situation at the time. When we have the money we'll figure it out, when we have the money in the hand, we'll figure out exactly what the process will be. But Id point out that we repurchased around 10 million shares in the fourth quarter, we wouldn't have done that with the shareholders money if we thought that, all this wasn't going to happen. So I think the process of doing it remains to be seen, because you might have -- one oil, one stock price you might do one thing and another you might do something else. But, theres no other place to put it. I mean, its either some kind of share repurchase or  you know, there isnt really any debt that we can do much with. So, I think weve taken down the debt. I think the next maturity is in 2016 and Im not up for, you know, some kind of windfall for bond holders.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Ill let someone else jump on. Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Yeah. I mean, I guess I got a bigger picture question just on Permian and then some follow-ups on California. So, those two question and just on your Permian, I mean how do you think youre going to get a fair price for the light oil that youre producing in Permian? What is Oxy going to do about it over and above what youve already announced, you know, with the BridgeTex Pipeline extension? Thanks.
Steve Chazen: Were going to let Willy answer that since hes the expert in oil.
Willie Chiang: Yeah, Ed. Obviously, weve seen a lot of disruptions in pricing between regions and were seeing a lot of infrastructure getting built in and when we look at our production of roughly 15 million barrels a year or 150,000 barrels a day out of the Permian, between the BridgeTex Pipeline which goes from essentially Midland or Permian directly to the Gulf Coast as well as taking capacity on other pipelines down to Corpus we essentially go from a two market business, Midland and Cushing to ultimately getting to Houston Ship Channel as well Corpus and then we also get the ability to go to U.S. East Coast and lots of different places. So, I think the infrastructure is going to help us tremendously in that area.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: As a follow-on. I guess, people are concerned that when the crude goes down to the Gulf its still going to be impact. Any thoughts around that, what work youve done on that?
Willie Chiang: Well, the thing everyone looks at is the Brent/TI. And as I think about it, Brents really tied to world prices and I think what youre going to see is all the grade as well TI kind of come to transportation parity.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Okay. So, no major discounts in your thoughts for the crude once it gets down to the Gulf other than quality and logistics?
Willie Chiang: No, I think prices fix the price issues.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Okay. So, just 
Steve Chazen: Ill also point out that 
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: I thought you might.
Steve Chazen: Yeah. That, you know, $97 is probably okay for us. I mean, this isnt some bargain basement price. So, yeah, we feel pretty comfortable that we could be reasonably profitable at $97 and much lower, so. You know, sometimes you lose sight of the absolute price in all this talk about differential.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Yeah, its a good point. Just on California then. I mean, you gave us sort of some initial resource estimates for the Permian, would you be willing to give us the resource estimates for California? I know people are obviously trying to have confidence and resource numbers from yourselves would obviously help their confidence.
Steve Chazen: I think what I prefer to do is leave that for another day and another kind of announcement.
Ed Westlake  Credit Suisse: Okay. Well, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Just another follow-up on California where you have a nice growth trajectory here. It sounds like the greater confidence and it is there is a bit of a mix here where some of the stuff thats declined is now smaller and youre shifting more to water and steam floods which youve historically been very good at and maybe less reliance on the unconventional, at least in the scope of the years presented here, is that accurate? And, I guess, if so where are you on the unconventional from the confidence standpoint? Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Ill let Vicky answer about the unconventional but just so you understand, I think youve got it but, you know, we have the high decline and really no decline  high decline at Elk Hills and really no decline at THUMS, which was the bulk of the production of the Company and originally was nearly 100%. And so whats happened is that the little wedge has grown and weve made a lot of progress in improving the decline rate in Elk Hills, so were not fighting as big a decline curve. And so what were doing is were filling it in with things that are real certain so that the business has sufficient cash without being on a treadmill with the go forward. And Ill let Vicki talk about the unconventional here, since shes more knowledgeable than I am for sure.
Vicki Hollub: This year were drilling 170 unconventional shale wells versus 111 that we drilled last year. So we increased the number that we are drilling this year and actually we had hoped to drill even more than we currently have on the schedule. But we felt like that from a regulatory standpoint, it was best to take a more conservative approach this year and be our best before. We do have some exciting unconventional projects that are in the permitting process and we expect to bring those on in 2015. So basically part of its permitting, just trying to get the permits in line and ready to go. The other part of it is that we are continuing with the strategy that we developed and that is to as weve said lower our decline and build up a larger solid base of those types of projects. And that really helps prop us up for the unconventional development. 
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs:  Is it a question Vicky of the scope of what you have there? You arent sure you have enough running room between confidence in the resource and the ability to get permits, or are there still questions on all those points?
Vicki Hollub:  Yeah there are questions on all of them. We do have, as I said, unconventional plays that we feel very comfortable with the development of because there are things that we understand that weve already started the process of development. So there is a portfolio that we feel like we could move forward at a fairly fast pace if we had the permitting in place. There is still some shales that we havent really tested and evaluated yet and were taking the same approach in California as we are in the Permian where we are doing a more measured approach to go out, drill a few wells, do some evaluation, then start some pilot projects and then from there progress to full field development. So we are trying to be very prudent in the way that we approach our shale plays that are outside where were currently drilling. 
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Steve, maybe just a follow up on the MENA comments. I certainly appreciate the scale and complexity here and thats going to take some time. Can you comment that you have identified maybe a partner group which is a key group you are negotiating with and these things can still take time or is it earlier stage than that where there is still multiple parties that are involved here?
Steve Chazen:  No, there is a partner group.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Thats great. And then just a final one on the stock buyback. Should we think about this primarily as asset sale proceeds are used for stock buyback or your balance sheet is strong that it can be an ongoing program even without proceeds?
Steve Chazen: The business fundamentally, the overall business or whatever remains in the company is able to generate free cash. And so we should see a part  I think I said it at your conference, part of the program will continue to grow the dividends at a healthy pace. Well have a little more share repurchase than weve done historically. You will see share reductions from whatever happens in the asset sales or whatever dividends we might take from anything we separated from company. So I think youll see the share count come down and therefore the dividend requirement, the dollar amount of dividend requirement come down. So I think youll see a mix, but were very  Im very focused on the value of the stock were buying. It isnt just about buying shares for fun, certainly easier than drilling wells. But I think that were  and youll see us come and go as the stock price changes and of course there are periods when we cant buy where we have material information. So there may be periods when we cant buy. But generally you should expect to see a regular program at some level but also some fairly sizeable reductions over the next year I would expect.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you so much.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Faisel Khan of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning. Steve, I was wondering if you could clarify some of the comments you had around return on capital employed. So are you saying that  and you guys have made a tremendous effort in getting return on capital employed up over the last 12 to 24 months. But I want to make sure I understand. So are you saying that with CapEx going up next year and with sort of the double end of the rig count in the Permian over the next few years and adding seven rigs on California, overall, youre seeing ROC should trend up over the next one to two years, all else being equal?
Steve Chazen: Product prices aside, yes.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup: Okay, okay, fair enough. And then in terms of your comments on California, given that most of your growth in California is sort of longer life production and some of your growth in the Permian has sort of a higher decline rate, I mean doesnt it make more sense to kind of keep those assets together as a portfolio? Whats the  Im just trying to understand like how you balance the cash flow and decline rate over the two portfolios over time.
Steve Chazen: Remember the Permian is respectively two businesses, there is the EOR business which generates large amounts of free cash flow. So the question really is how do you  and it has a potential to add this high growth stuff but still generate large amounts of free cash flow as a business, we can manage that reasonably well.  California, the potential is currently managed to generate free cash flow and it will generate a base ultimately of these long lived projects, which basically the way answers to some extent your question about the returns because you could turn on a long live project your D&A rate will be relatively low and so your earnings will be better because you got a lot of reserves over long period. But  and so every business, a standalone business has to have a base of money to pay for itself, now I understand there is a whole bunch of companies out there that dont. But thats not the way to build the long term oil business. So California can spend more fairly I think easily and continue to grow. And in the Permian there is a lot of competition for rigs and people and so I think its a little more challenging in the Permian. I think California, I have a map in my office from 1679 which shows California as an island and there is some proof to that.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup: Do you guys have an estimate for the return on capital employed for California at the end of the year?
Steve Chazen: I dont think so. I think we will leave those kinds of questions for some other announcement.
Operator: Our final question will come from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger Read  Wells Fargo: You mentioned in the preview part the costs and the learning curve issues, have you done anything in particular to hire people out there or has it been learning by watching, learning by sharing info and data with some of your partners out there.
Steve Chazen: I think Vicki went through a long  we have got a lot of gross wells that  bulk of the production and outcome comes from our own net wells. So we see enormous exposure what other people are doing. We dont actually have to experiment or hire other people, we can actually see what they are going. We hire people all the time but we are not hiring people from radically different cultures. We need people who are trained in a return driven free cash flow kind of culture. And to hire somebody from some small company they really have a different kind of culture, theyre more an IRR getting their money back quick and drilling more wells culture. So we dont want to destroy the notion that this is a business by generating money and generating returns and we are not going to spoil  were not going to spoil the stew with a bunch of others [ph].
Roger Read  Wells Fargo: I guess as a follow up, even to those comments, if I remember correctly, we are in a new CEO search mode here. Is there any update you can provide on that front?
Steve Chazen: I think the board will have something to say about that next month. But I expect that Ill be doing significantly more earnings calls than I had planned.
Operator: In the interest of time this concludes our question and answer session, I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Stavros for any closing remarks.
Christopher Stavros: Thanks everyone for joining us today and please call us with any follow up questions in New York. Thanks again.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Stavros - Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer Steve Chazen - President and CEO Cynthia Walker - Chief Financial Officer Willie Chiang - Vice President, Operations and Head, Midstream Business Sandy Lowe - President, International Oil and Gas Operations Bill Albrecht - President, Oxy Oil and Gas, Americas Vicki Hollub - Executive Vice President, Oxys U.S. Oil and Gas Operations
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Terreson - ISI Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse Leo Mariani - RBC Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Sven del Pozzo - IHS Faisel Khan - Citigroup John Herrlin - Societe Generale
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you, Mr. Stavros, you may now begin.
Christopher Stavros: Thank you, [Tamica]. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleums third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. On the call with us this morning from Los Angeles are Steve Chazen, Oxys President and Chief Executive Officer; Cynthia Walker, our Chief Financial Officer; Willie Chiang, Oxys Vice President of Operations and Head of our Midstream Business; Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Operations; Bill Albrecht, President of Oxy Oil and Gas in the Americas; and Vicki Hollub, Executive Vice President of Oxys U.S. Oil and Gas Operations. In just a moment, Ill turn the call over to our CFO, Cynthia Walker, who will review our financial and operating results for this years third quarter and provide some guidance for the current quarter. Sandy Lowe will then provide a brief overview of our Oil and Gas operations in the Middle East focusing on key countries for Oxy, as well as our strategic objectives for the region. Steve Chazen will then follow with a decision of our strategic initiatives and some of our growth opportunities. As a reminder, todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in these statements and our filings. Our third quarter 2013 earnings press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedules and conference call presentation slides, which refer to our prepared remarks, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. Ill now turn the call over to Cynthia. Cynthia, please go ahead.
Cynthia Walker: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. My comments will reference several slides in the conference call materials that, Chris, referenced are available on our website. Overall, in the third quarter, we continued the solid execution seen in the first half. Total company production was 767,000 BOE per day and importantly, we produced 267,000 barrels of oil domestically. This is on track to achieve our second half growth objectives. In addition, with three quarters of successful execution behind us, we are confident that we will exceed the goals we set for the year for operating cost and capital efficiency. We had core earnings of $1.6 billion or $1.97 per diluted share and for the first nine months of 2013 we generated $9.4 billion of cash flow from continuing operations before changes in working capital and enter the quarter with $3.8 billion of cash on our balance sheet. If you turn to slide three, you will see a summary of our earnings for the quarter. Core income was approximately $1.6 billion or $1.97 per diluted share. As you can see, this is an improvement over both of the prior quarters. Compared to the second quarter of 2013, the current quarter results reflected improved Oil and Gas segment earnings, driven by higher realized oil prices and domestic volumes, as well as higher core earnings in the Chemical segment and improve performance in the Midstream segment, driven by higher margins in the marketing and trading businesses, largely due to commodity price movement. Now I will discuss the segment performance for the Oil and Gas business and begin with earnings on slide four. Oil and Gas earnings for the third quarter of 2013 were $2.4 billion, an increase over both the second quarter of 2013 and the third quarter of 2012. On a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis, improvements came from higher oil prices and domestic volumes. Volume increases resulted largely from higher oil production in California, the Permian and Williston, and improved Columbia liftings. Moving to slide five, you will see a summary of production changes during the quarter. As I mentioned, total production for the quarter were 767,000 barrels per day, a decrease of 5,000 barrels per day over the second quarter and an increase of 1,000 barrels per day over the year ago quarter. On a sequential quarterly basis, these results reflect domestic oil production growth as a result of our drilling program, as well as resumption of Permian production following plant turnarounds and weather interruptions in the second quarter. As you can see, we also experienced an improved environment in Colombia although disruptions continue to impact production in the quarter and weve seen the same early in the fourth quarter. MENA production was lower primarily due to the impact of full cost recovery under contract in Yemen, lower spending in Iraq, some maintenance in Qatar and labor issues in Libya. Excluding certain of these impacts under disruptions in Colombia, our overall international production was in line with our guidance on the last call. On a year-over-year basis, full cost recovery and other adjustments under our production sharing and similar contracts also reduced MENA production by about 7,000 barrels per day. If you turn to Slide 6, Ill now discuss our domestic production in a bit more detail. Our domestic production was 476,000 barrels per day, an increase of 6,000 barrels per day from the second quarter of 2013, and an increase of 7,000 barrels per day from the third quarter of 2012. Focusing on our commodity composition, oil production increased 6,000 barrels from the second quarter, driven by California, the Permian and the Williston basin. For the first nine months of 2013, our domestic oil production has increased by 13,000 barrels per day. This is a 5% increase versus the same period in 2012. NGL production increased 2,000 barrels per day versus the second quarter . Natural gas volumes were lower by about 11 million cubic feet a day compared with the second quarter, almost entirely in the Permian as a result of third-party processing bottlenecks. Moving to our realized prices for the quarter and the comparison to benchmark prices, you can see the summary on Slide 7. Compared to the second quarter, our worldwide crude oil realized price increased about 6%, primarily reflecting changes in benchmark prices. We experienced improvement in NGL prices domestically, which contributed to 5% increase in worldwide NGL realized prices, while domestic natural gas realized prices experienced 14% decrease driven by the decline in the benchmark. Youll note we also included updated price sensitivities. Next, I will cover production costs on Slide 8. Oil and gas production costs were $13.60 per barrel in the third quarter and $13.64 per barrel for the first nine months of 2013, compared to $14.99 per barrel for the full year of 2012. As you can see, domestic operating expenses increased slightly from the second quarter of 2013. This was due to the timing of certain plant workover activities. International production costs have remained fairly consistent with 2012 levels, excluding the impacts of the facilities turnarounds in Qatar and Dolphin that affected the first quarter of this year. We are very pleased with our performance on operating cost this year and will be our full-year target. Taxes other than on income, which are generally related to product prices were $2.61 per barrel for the first nine months of 2013 compared with $2.39 per barrel for the full year of 2012. Third quarter exploration expense was $68 million and we expect fourth quarter exploration expense to be about $100 million. Turning to chemical segment core earnings on Slide 9. Third quarter earnings of $181 million were $37 million higher than the second quarter, primarily driven by strong caustic soda export volumes and lower energy and ethylene costs. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, demand for chlor-alkali products is typically lower due to seasonal factors. We expect fourth quarter 2013 earnings to decline to approximately $100 million, driven by the seasonal factors coupled with lower Far East demand and lower caustic soda spot and export prices. Slide 10 is a summary of midstream segment earnings. They were $212 million for the third quarter of 2013, compared to $48 million in the second quarter of 2013 and $156 million in the third quarter of 2012. The 2013 sequential quarterly improvement in earnings resulted mainly from higher marketing and trading performance, driven by commodity price movements during the quarter. Year-over-year improvement was driven by improved margins in our pipeline and gas processing businesses. The worldwide effective tax rate on core income was 40% for the third quarter. The lower tax rate and guidance resulted from lower volumes in Libya where tax rates are significantly higher than our overall effective tax rate. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2013 to remain in the 40% to 41% range. Slide 11 summarizes our year-to-date 2013 cash flow. In the first nine months of 2013, we generated $9.4 billion of cash flow from continuing operations before changes in working capital. Working capital changes increased our cash flow from operations by 400 million to 9.8 billion. Capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2013 were 6.4 billion, of which 2.2 billion was spent on the third quarter. We generated approximately $270 million of cash from the sale of a chemical investment and used 340 million for acquisitions of domestic oil and gas assets.  After paying dividends of $1 billion and other net flows, our cash balance was 3.8 billion at September 30. Our debt to capitalization ratio remained at 15% at the end of the quarter. Our annualized return on equity for the first nine months of 2013 was 14% and return on capital employed was 12%.  Last Ill turn to the fourth quarter outlook. With respect to production, domestically as I mentioned we are on track to achieve our second half oil growth average of 6000 to 8000 barrels per day increase over the first half average. Our natural gas and NGL volumes are expected to decline modestly in the fourth quarter due to lower drilling on gas properties and natural decline coupled with the effect of a major turnaround in the Permian. Internationally, we expect total production to be about flat with the -- in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, excluding the impact of insurgent activity in Columbia. We expect international sales volume to increase in the fourth quarter -- the deferred listings we experienced earlier in the year. Our annual capital is expected to be about $9 billion. This is about $600 million lower than the $9.6 billion program we previously discussed. Of this reduction, approximately 200 million resulted from achieving better than plant efficiencies in our oil and gas program, particularly in our drilling costs and additional 200 million resulted primarily from the deferral of certain oil and gas facilities in mid-stream projects into 2014 and the further $100 million from lower than planned spending in Iraq. We are particularly pleased that we are on track to meet or exceed our planned drilling activity levels for the year while spending less capital than planned as a result of efficiency initiatives.  I will now turn the call over to Sandy Lowe who will provide an overview of our Middle East, North Africa operations. 
Sandy Lowe: Thank you, Cynthia. As you are aware weve had a successful involvement in the Middle East, North Africa region for over 40 years. We are active in key major oil producing countries in the region and have formed excellent relationships with all of them. The countries in which we operate include Oman, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Iraq, Iran, Libya and Yemen.  We have a diverse set of projects in the region and manage all of our projects by safety standards creating local jobs and development opportunities for people in those communities. Our current producing operations have generated over $20 billion net free cash flow in the past 15 years and our currently generating annual free cash flow of around $1.6 billion excluding Al Hosn Gas project capital which is currently running in about $1 billion annually. We recently expected that our Middle East business would generate over $2 billion free cash flow annually once the Al Hosn Gas project becomes operational. We have invested $9 billion of capital in the Middle East region since 2010. 75% of which has been spent in Oman, Abu Dhabi and Qatar. We have drilled over 2500 wells in the region during this time and currently have 37 drilling rigs running. We have also spent $300 million on exploration since 2010. Our projects make a significant contribution to the economies of these countries employing around 15,000 full time employees and contractors, outstanding workforce at the Al Hosn Gas project which is currently over 34,000. We have drilled several types of wells throughout the region. These include onshore oil wells in Oman, offshore wells in Qatar and soar wells onshore Abu Dhabi. The production from our wells ranges from 200 to 4500 barrels of oil per day and our gas rates are as high as 120 million standard cubic feet per day. Our Middle East operations are designed to leverage our technical expertise based in central support groups such as project management, engineering, exploration and drilling. We apply this knowledge locally to successfully execute on our projects. We have used the central support of project effectively in the areas of reservoir characterization, flood implementation, drilling and completion techniques and management of major projects. This enables us to apply best practices across region, while minimizing the deployment of western expatriates and maximizing opportunities for nationals in each country. We expect net Middle East production for 2013 will exceed 260,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, representing about 35% of Oxys total production worldwide. When the Al Hosn Gas project reaches full operational status in 2015, it should add net production of over 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our 2013 Middle East development capital is expected to be about $3 billion, with about 44% spent on water flood projects, 34% on the Al Hosn Gas project, 12% on steam floods and 10% on primary production. We will drill over 750 development wells this year and plan on around 665 wells next year. Our strategic goals for our Middle East business can be summarized as follows. Continue to be a growing, profitable and vibrant business in the Middle East region, continue to be a preferred strategic partner with the host countries where we operate, expand our Middle East area business by partnering with local investors to secure strategically important growth projects, continue to successfully execute projects, achieve returns in an excess of 20% on our invested capital, continue our investment philosophy where our presence makes meaningful contributions to the host economies and makes a positive difference to the lives of the people in the local communities, including increased education and employment opportunities for nationals. We have a strong track record in each of the goals summarized above and believe we will be able to deliver successfully on each of these going forward. In particular, we have developed and nurtured close relationships with key partners in the countries we operate. We have always been respectful of the interest, expertise and values of the host countries. This philosophy has overtime led to mutual respect and helped us grow our operations processes. I will now provide a brief summary of our operations in three of the countries in the Middle East region, which collectively make up 70% of our current production, 85% of our income from operations and nearly all of our free cash flow. We spent about 75% of our Middle East capital in these three countries as well. Oman, weve been present in Oman for 34 years and operate in Blocks 9, 27 and 62 in the North of Oman and Block 53, which is the Mukhaizna Field. We are the largest independent oil producer in Oman and have a highly skilled and loyal national staff. Our nice staff has grown from 246 in 2005 to 1,858 today. Most of our national employees have developed their skills and experience within Oxy, including opportunities to train and work on Oxy projects in the United States and other countries. As a result, over 81% of our employees are Omani nationals and Omani citizens now hold most of the high levels executive positions, including the President of our Oman business unit. Oxys gross production is expected to be about 230,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2013 with a net of 76,000 in [09]. Our Oman operations are a significant free cash flow generator. We expect to continue to achieve returns well in excess of 20% from our Oman projects. Northern Oman, in Northern Oman a combination of development wells, exploration success and the application of water flooding techniques has led to an increase in gross production from 92,000 to 106,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day since 2010. We have a large pipeline hub in gas plant at Safah associating with the producing wells in Northern Oman. This infrastructure enables us to rapidly and efficiently bring new wells into production. Most wells initially free flow and later having the gas lift or electric submersible pumps installed. We have maintained our gross average operating cost at around $5.50 per barrel with the key drivers being down-hole maintenance, surface operations and support cost. We have drilled 107 out of our 153 plant wells for this year. These are typically horizontal wells with lateral length in between 1,800 and 3,500 feet. Recent production rates have been as high as 3,800 barrels of oil equivalent per day with an average for 2013 of around 550. During 2014, weve planned to drill another 125 development wells. Over the next five years, our plans include drilling 400 development and water injection wells. We expect our annual drilling capital to be between $250 million to $300 million per year. We believe our developments program will increase gross production to about 125,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day during this period. Our exploration program in Northern Oman has been one of our most successful ever as a company with the Discovery rig of greater than 60%. We attribute this success to our use of technology such as horizontal drilling, state-of-the-art 3D seismic as wells as the development of new plate concepts. Our discovery this year mostly coming from horizontal wells have an average production of 3000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and produce over 70% oil. We continue to expand our technical understanding and have a robust inventory of future drilling prospects. In addition, we are nearing completion of a 2000 square mile 3D seismic program which should further enhance our growth portfolio. This new seismic data and over block 927 should yield many attractive prospects and enable us to continue exploring in these areas for many years. Over the next five years, we expect to drill more than 50 exploration wells, 13 of which are planned for 2014 and could generate more than 250 new development drilling locations. Our Block 62 development is in the early stages of engineering with a number of gas producers already drilled. We are planning to further delineate one of the largest structures by the end of this year allowing an updated development plan to be presented to the government during 2014.  Mukhaizna, Mukhaizna is one of the worlds largest steam flood projects. At the end of 2012, it ranked third in the world in terms of steam flood production ahead of the large best known U.S. steam floods. Oxys involvement in the Mukhaizna field began in 2005. Since that time, we have increased gross production from 8000 to 125,000 barrels of oil per day and produced 160 million barrels of oil from the field. We have drilled over 2000 wells in which 825 are producers. The steam wells enable injection in over 500,000 barrels per day. Waste heat recovery systems on power on power generators account for 20% of our steam. We continue to optimize the development plan of this field with the government and our partners, and we expect to continue executing our infill drilling program. The anticipated peak production is estimated to be between 135,000 and 140,000 barrels of oil per day. We expect to drill 340 wells this year. Recent rates have been as high as 830 barrels of oil per day, with an average for 2013 of around 330. We plan to drill another 300 wells in 2014. We currently have six rigs running in Mukhaizna, in addition to the main Mukhaizna reservoir as we are delineating the extensive Kahmah fractured carbonate heavy-oil reservoir, which lies above the main pay in Mukhaizna. We presently have one rig dedicated to this activity, another milestone will be reached in Mukhaizna next year with the drilling of our first deep exploration well in the field. Qatar, we presently operate three shallow water offshore oil fields in Qatar. The Idd El Shargi North Dome, Idd El Shargi South Dome and Al Rayyan. We also have an interest in the Dolphin project which has been a great success since its start. Through our plans for various projects in Qatar we expect to achieve returns well in excess of 20%. In nearly 20 years in Qatar we have invested $4.3 billion and produced 680 million barrels of oil. Our operations in Qatar provide significant free cash flow. Current production is around 106,000 barrels of oil per day for 2013 from the three fields, netting 67,000 barrels of oil per day to Oxy. Dolphins current production net to Oxy is about 38,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In Qatar, as in Oman, we are focused on the development of national staff and have successful national employees in all levels in the company. Oxy has established itself as an active and committed member of the community. During our presence in Qatar we have forged strong and effective relationships with a number of organizations in the focus areas of health, education, arts and culture and sports. Examples include, partnering with the Supreme Education Council and the Weill Cornell Medical College in the promotion of a healthy lifestyle, which is aligned with Qatars 2030 national vision. Other initiatives relate to specific causes such as diabetes, cancer, working with the Al Noor Institute for the Blind and partnering with the Qatar Museums Authority and supporting a number of sporting events. In Idd El Shargi North Dome we will drill 17 wells in 2013 from jack-up rigs in a water depth of around 130 feet. Over the course of our involvement in Qatar since 1994, we have drilled 268 horizontal producing wells and over 100 horizontal water injectors. Recent well production rates in Idd El Shargi North Dome have been as high as 4,500 barrels of oil per day with an average for -- average 2013 around 1,460. As part of approved Phase -- as part of our recently approved Phase 5 development plan we will drill another 205 wells at the cost of $1.2 billion. We plan to drill 36 of these wells in 2014. The development plan includes the installation of new wellhead platforms, the compression and power platform and various pipelines in related facilities. We believe that as a result of this development we will be able to continue the plateau of gross production of 100,000 barrels of oil per day for many years to come. We also have new development opportunities being planned for the Idd El Shargi South Dome and Al Rayyan fields. Dolphin, the Dolphin project remains one of the flagship projects in the region and it has been a great success since coming on the screen in 2007. The project involves production from wells located on two off shore platforms in the north field of Qatar. Wet gas flows to the onshore gas plant at Rasputin where weve process and to Condensate natural gas liquids and Sulfur. The dry gas is exported on under a long term contract to the UAE via a 48 inch, 230 miles subsea pipeline. In addition to the two 2 billion cubic feet a day of contracted gas from Qatar, we transport additional gas on an interruptible basis to customers in the UAE.  While meeting a significant portion of the UAEs gas needs, Dolphin also provides gas to Oman. Were currently expanding gas impression facilities in Rasputin to achieve the maximum pipeline capacity of 3.5 billion cubic feet per day to handle additional volumes. We believe substantial opportunities remain in the region to sign up additional customers to provide gas transportation up to the full capacity of the Dolphin pipeline generating additional midstream revenues and cash flows. We expect our 2013 net production from Dolphin to be around 38,000 barrels while equivalent per day with significant free cash flow which we believe will grow overtime as we take on new customers.  United Arab Emirates. Oxys initial experience in the UAE was as a partner in offshore exploration during the 60s. Most recently Oxy has had a presence in the UAE since 2000. Since then our Abu Dhabi office has developed into a regional hub supporting our Middle East assets with engineering, geoscience, business development, operations, supply chain and finance resources. During this time the Dolphin midstream infrastructure has continued to expand and the pipeline system now extends with 475 miles throughout the UAE and into Oman.  The Al-Hosn gas project where were partnering with the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company -- ADNOC, involves the development of the Shah Sara gas field in the western region of Abu Dhabi. Production from the field contains natural gas and condensate along with high concentrations of hydrogen sulfide and carbon dioxide. A large processing plant currently under construction with an average 34, 000 workers at the site, this is a world scaled mega project with the involvement of major engineering, construction and manufacturing companies from around the world. It remains on schedule and on budget. When completed the plan will be able to process about 1billion cubic feet a day of gas from the field and then separated into sales class condensate, natural gas liquids and sulfur.  Oxys mid share production is expected to be over $200 million in cubic feet a day of sales gas and more than 20,000 barrels of NGLs and condensate. By the end of 2013, the project will be about 92% complete and will start up next year. The 2013, of this year of Al Hosn capital is expected to be about $1 billion. Total project cost is expected to be on budget and about $10 million with Oxys share of $4 billion. We expect production from the project to start in the fourth quarter of 2014. Once the field achieves steady state, annual average free cash flow to Oxy should be approximately $600 million at current liquid prices.  Currently we are spending about $1 billion per year to steady state operation should provide a net cash flow swing of $1.6 billion annually. As we have recently announced were currently looking to tell a minority interest in our Middle East, North Africa operations. We believe this will give us an exciting opportunity to possibly partner with key regional players. This sale will reduce the Middle East/North Africa share in our overall portfolio. We believe a partnership with regional investors will align us with local interest in our existing operations and on new opportunities throughout the Middle East to achieve future growth from a lower base. In summary, we believe we are well positioned to meet each of our strategic goals in the region. Specifically, we have a highly profitable, vibrant and growing business. We have developed strong and lasting relationships with host countries where we are welcome and invited to stay. We will continue to be a preferred strategic partner to them in the years to come. Our plan to sell a minority in our Middle East/North Africa operations will assure that we will continue to grow our Middle East/North African business profitably over time by securing strategically important future projects. Our development and operating plans will ensure continued success in executing our projects. We will continue to achieve returns in excess of 20% of our invested capital. We are continuing to apply our investment philosophy where our presence makes meaningful contributions to the host economies and makes a positive difference in the lives of the people in the local communities, including increased education and employment opportunities for nationals. In closing, I would like to emphasize we are very excited about our presence and our opportunities in the Middle East. We believe that our excellent relationships and partnership with key regional players, coupled with our long regional experience and our track record of timely project execution will allow us to continue to enhance our rich growth potential of the region. I will now turn the call over to Steve Chazen who will discuss our strategic initiatives.
Steve Chazen: Thank you, Sandy. Earlier this month, we announced the initial phase of the companys strategic review as part of an effort to streamline and focus our operations, in order to better execute the companys long-term strategy and enhanced value for our shareholders. As a result of the initial actions, Oxys Board of Directors has authorized the following, to pursue a sale of minority interest in the Middle East/North Africa operations in a financially efficient manner that Sandy just discussed, pursue strategic alternatives for selective Mid-continent assets including our oil and gas interests in the Williston, Hugoton, Piceance Basin and other Rocky Mountain assets and the completed sale of a portion of our 35% interest in general partner of Plains All-American Pipeline. This resulted in pre-tax proceeds of $1.4 billion. This initial sale process is concluded and weve received the proceeds. Our cash balance of $3.8 billion at end of the quarter does not include these proceeds. Oxys remaining interest in the Plains All-American Pipeline, based on the IPO price, is valued at approximately $3.3 billion. As we indicated, these are our first formal steps in our effort to streamline the business, concentrate in areas where we have depth and scale and improve overall profitability. Our goal is to become a somewhat smaller company with more manageable exposure to political risk. We will continue to seek additional strategic alternatives for the company to maximize total returns to our shareholders. These actions are expected to generate a significant amount of proceeds together with the excess cash on the companys balance sheet. These funds will largely be used to reduce Oxys capitalization. While we expect to use a substantial and a vast majority of these proceeds to repurchase our shares, we also anticipate paying down some of our debt on a proportional basis. We expect to retire $600 million of bonds due in December. We also expect to reinvest a portion of these proceeds in high-return growth opportunities throughout the business, several of which I will discuss in a moment. We continue to make steady progress and expect to complete the strategic view in the coming months and will disclose material developments as they occur. Approximately a year ago our oil and gas business embarked on an aggressive plan to improve our operational efficiency across all cost categories, including capital with a view to achieving an appreciable reduction in our operating expenses and drilling costs. Our teams are to be commended for doing a superb job on this front, exceeding our initial goals, we continue to run ahead of our full year objectives to improve domestic operational and capital efficiencies. For example, we have reduced our domestic well costs by 22% and operating costs by about 18% relative to last year. This is ahead of our previously stated target of 15% well costs improvement and total oil and gas operating cost below $14 a barrel.  Total annualized savings from these operating cost and capital efficiency initiatives amount to $1.2 billion compared to last year. We expect these savings to result an additional development opportunities as previously marginal project are now economic. The purpose of these initiatives is to improve our return on capital or continue to execute a focused drilling program in our quarter core areas and grow our domestic oil rates. The benefits of these cost savings cannot be overstated as they will result in a year-over-year improve in our F&D cost leading to a more stable DD&A rate. We believe we can sustain the benefits realized to date, achieve additional savings in our drilling cost, receive and reach our 2011 operating cost level overtime, barrel loss in production and sacrificing safety. We are particularly pleased that we are on track to meet or achieve our drilling activity levels planned for the year or spending less capital on plan and result of these deficiencies. These achievements have generated higher margins giving us confidence to allocate additional capital for profitable growth opportunities. As Vicki discussed in last quarters call, were the largest oil and gas mineral acreage holder in California with more than 2.1 million net acres, we have a large and diverse portfolio of opportunities available to us across-the-state. Weve reduced our overall operating cost in California by more than $4 a barrel equivalent, youd expect an average of under $19 for all 2013. Improvement in our operating as well as our drilling costs as exceed our targets and should allow for combined savings at least $300 million this year compared to 2012. The result of these improvements and combined with more favorable permitting, we planned to increase our capital spending in California by about $500 million to approximately $2.1 billion next year. Most of this increase will be directed towards unconventional drilling opportunities where we have more than $1 million perspectives acreage for unconventional resources.  In Permian basin weve accumulated more than $1.7 million net acres covering both relatively established emerging place anchored by our high, our core free cash generating CO2 flood reservoirs. Weve recently created an exploitation team, who is mandate is to optimize our drilling capabilities and accelerate the development of unconventional opportunities throughout the basin.  This year we are focused on delineating incremental opportunities and establish plays as well as to actually (inaudible) with many emerging plays which included the drilling of approximately thirty horizontal wells. Weve also succeeded in reducing our drilling cost by more than 20%, which increased our ability to enhance our economics utilizing horizontal drilling, multi-stage completions to develop establish unconventional reservoirs.  As a result of these efforts you can now shift our development strategy, expect to spend an additional $500 million in capital next year largely directed towards increased drilling horizontal wells. The step-up in capital will allow for additional four rigs which will be dedicated to drilling horizontal wells in our focus plays of Wolfcamp both on a bone springs in the Delaware Basin as well as Wolfcamp in the Midland basin.  As an example, as we recently completed a well in our South Curtis Ranch area, which is near our (inaudible) acreage, it was completed in the Wolfcamp would be in access of just over a 1000 barrels of oil a day, 77% of which is oil, 15% NGLs with a small amount of remaining natural gas. We have over 17,000 net acres that is perspective from this in the area. This represents a major change in our Permian 9 CO2 development strategy with a number of horizontal wells drilled next year, well count it for more than 50% of total wells compared to only 10%, 32013. Turning to our international operations, our 30 plus year history of operating Columbia as provided us unique insight around heavy oil product, matured oil field development opportunities. Historically, this has been among Oxys ,most profitable operations. Experience associated with steam flood development is a core competency at Oxy, a skill that fits well with Colombias strategy to grow its crude oil production. Going forward, we intend to focus our efforts on applying our expertise towards pursuit of high-additional, high-return oil redevelopment projects and we expect to participate in several more steam flood projects in the coming years. In our Middle East/North Africa business and as Sandy discussed, the majority of the value of our production, income and cash flow is derived from three key countries, Oman, Qatar and U.A.E. Majority of our regional capital is also deployed in these countries. And we expect our MENA business will generate more than $2 billion of annual free cash flow after the Al Hosn Gas project becomes operational. We feel fortunate to have many successful years, operating in the region. Part of this we believe is a result of successfully executing on a number of challenging projects. We also feel that it is in part due to the mutual respect we have for our partners, the host countries in which we operate and for the people who reside there. Although a sale of a minority interest will reduce our share of MENA within our overall portfolio, we expect to remain a major participant in the region with a focused presence. Our track record of success and strong relationships should allow us to compete for new projects and provide us with future growth off of a smaller base. We look forward to forging new partnerships in the region, which will allow us to continue our profitable growth strategy. Opportunity for high growth is also present in our chemicals business, where we plan to pursue a 50-50 joint venture with Mexichem to build a world scale ethylene cracker at the OxyChem plant in Ingleside. As part of this long-term strategy, strategic supply relationship between the companies, essentially all of the ethylene produced from the cracker will be consumed by Oxy in the manufacture of vinyl chloride monomer, utilizing our existing VCM production capacity. The VCM will then be delivered to Mexichem to produce polyvinyl chloride, PVC and PVC piping systems. Using the cracker, OxyChems overall operations effectively consume more than one-third of Oxys domestic natural gas and NGL production. A significant benefit of this project is that it provides higher levels of integration from the wellhead through to VCM production and sales. The project is just one example of several we plan to pursue in our effort to capture greater value in the downstream portion of the natural gas and the NGL chain versus an independent upstream gas producer. Construction on the Ingleside cracker project is expected to begin in mid-2014 with the facilities becoming commercially operational in 2017, and we expect it will have a material benefit on our chemical earnings. OxyChem is also expected to continue to be free cash flow positive throughout the investment phase of the project. In the Midstream segment, our investment in the BridgeTex Pipeline continues on track for scheduled start-up in mid-2014. The roughly 450-mile-long pipeline will be capable of transporting approximately 300,000 barrels a day of crude oil between the Permian region and the Gulf Coast refinery markets. We are confident that these and other opportunities to deploy our capital will be meaningful drivers of our earnings growth over the coming years. I think were now ready to take your questions.
Christopher Stavros: Tamica, can you please poll the line for questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Steve, Ive got a couple if I may. Good morning. Starting with the Middle East, there has been a lot of speculation over the potential value that may or may not be associated with this asset. I know you cant give specifics, but could you frame for us given the relative lack of transparency in terms of -- youve done a good job today of laying out the businesses, but reserve bookings and so on are still somewhat lacking transparency. So, could you help frame for us what you think a realistic acceptable range of volume might be and whether or not the Midstream would be part of that? Ive got a couple of follow-ups, please.
Steve Chazen: Yeah. The Dolphin Project would be part of the sale process. So that piece of our Midstream business would be part of that sale. There are confidentiality agreements between the three -- in each of the countries. So we cant actually give you more transparency without violating the confidentiality agreements. So, for example, we cant tell you the details in Oman or Qatar or Abu Dhabi. I think its fair to say that we book only to the life of the lease and as the extensions come obviously more research come. We also appreciate basically over the [lease] of the earnings that someone understated. I think if you look at the cash, we view it as an ongoing business, that is to say its not a pile of asset that were going to deplete. The extensions on ongoing business we expect receive a price of reflexive value with ongoing business not really price of a depleting asset or the reserves or necessarily the reserves are there. The countries can see the long term reserves, so I dont think theres a lot of issue with them not understanding what the long term outcome is. I dont really get -- we dont really want them to negotiate with myself on the values. 
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. A related question then Steve on the buybacks, the potential -- I mean theres been a number of bond that they run in the pass of $8 billion from Middle East, but like to see the amount is reasonable. I believe theres some tight issues around what you can bring back as a -- on optimum level, but if you then look at claims on potential mid coincident sale, can you help frame for us what you see the scales, the buyback like would be and (inaudible) coming to this acquisitions in the Permian Basin seems to have slowed down I guess probably in relation (inaudible) to do that, youre generating a lot of cash. So how should we think about buybacks on a go forward basis to maybe enhance your per share growth?
Steve Chazen: I think buybacks have been important not only though for share growth in the next -- to certainly next few months. We have a lot of cash in the balance sheet. We had $3.8 at the end of the quarter plus the money from the sale of the midstream assets. We would expect to begin a repurchase of some shares too shortly. As far as the scale goes, were not going to build cash. Were not going to pay down the debt reduction to be proportional. So if we sell 10% of the assets maybe the debt will go down 10%. We only have about of $7 billion of debt, so approximately a big looser, these projects will not probably allow us to still stay within our cash from operations next year.  This is probably not going to drain a lot as far as acquisition is concerned. I think the issue in the Permian is about -- youre just not allowed for sale and that which is for sale is not that interesting. Companies -- we have a lot of acreage are just highlighted, now just one small area where were doing well, a lot of acreage. And so the need to drive the business through large scale acquisitions is pretty modest at this point. So you should expect the bulk of the proceeds to go towards share repurchases and else were not going to build cash.  So I think you should -- I cant tell you exactly the number and one of the reasons why were -- once we could frame this more fairly, as to how much money is involved and we can talk about the last steps in this, but I think were going to see where we are. Our goals are really two fold. Well make sure we continue to operate well because thats really good price value and we need to execute the things weve announced. So I think thats what were trying to do but once we get that leased and safe then well talk about further restructuring stats.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Last one for me so far
Steve Chazen: (Inaudible) or not.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess were locking specific Steve, so obviously I think market is kind of telling you to the locking specific. So I guess well have to wait until you can give more color, but if I could try one final one if I may. In your press release the other day, sales dimension in California, it continues to be a dragon, frankly see it under performer I guess in the end of the market. What are the parameters that you think may or may not contribute to your decision on whether or not California can do better on its own, I think that is clearly one of the key gating items for the mark issue on the restructuring on a go forward basis. Ill leave it there, thanks.
Steve Chazen: Yeah, I think, if you go back to the question about where we -- you could come up with a very high number without me telling you exactly, what it is or for a share repurchase, I mean, so you might be of a $1 billion or$2 billion. If thats about all of then you could use the numbers that are floating around up there. If you could guess what the proceeds from the Mid-Continent sale would be or within a few $100 million, then obviously you would we see how much cash we have now. I dont think anybody should be off very much in computing how much the share repurchased would be as the debt reduction and the other stuff is not large in comparison to that. As far as California is concerned, the fundamental question is can it operate better as a standalone business with a different model? The different model, if you are just going to operate just like it does now and it might be better off staying where it is. But if it operates better with the different model than as a higher capital model and basically literally no dividends and with a more entrepreneurial background then I think that it would be better separated from the company. More to the point, I think is that separating California from the rest, could enhance visibility and attractiveness of the remaining business. And I think thats -- I think they are enough for now. Once we get some slightly better numbers on the proceeds of these two various areas that we are working on now then we can size California. We are going to do it appropriately.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my questions, Steve.
Steve Chazen: Okay.
Operator: The next question comes from the line Doug Terreson with ISI.
Doug Terreson - ISI: Good morning, everybody. Congratulation on your results.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Doug Terreson - ISI: Yeah. Steve, you do highlighted on some of the strategic review slides, a major change in strategy in the Permian today. Its going to be driven by this new exploitation team and on this point I want to say whether you could provide some color or whatever color you might have on this new unconventional drilling group in the Permian. And also -- you also just mentioned a few minutes ago about the Plains All-American position and the question there is, whether there is any strategic or operating rationale as to why the remainder may not be divested in the future? So, two questions.
Steve Chazen: The second one is easier to say. It will be divested in the future.
Doug Terreson - ISI: Thank you.
Steve Chazen: So there is no -- when we entered into it, it was a private business.
Doug Terreson - ISI: Yeah.
Steve Chazen: And I dont have any problem investing in a private business if shareholders cant access if I think it makes sense for us. Once it becomes public and you can duplicate the ownership with yourself there is no reason for us to hold it. Im going to let, Vicki answer the question about the operational group.
Vicki Hollub: Okay. First, I would like to say thanks to our current Permian unconventional team thats gotten us to where we are today, because currently we are running seven horizontal rigs. We expect to ramp that up to 16 next year. So we are now being more aggressive with our properties in the Permian because we now understand them a little bit better. This exploitations team is going to be one that we have developed to get us into a position where we are more entrepreneurial and much more aggressive in the way that we attack our entrepreneurial opportunities in the Permian. So this group, we expect to start helping us to more accelerate those opportunities, so within two to three years out in our typical development schedules. This team also will focus on ensuring that we provide the technical support to the business unit to make sure that we are spacing our wells correctly, that we are adequately drilling our horizontal wells and the correct direction and spacing. So the bottom line is we just expect this to be a technical support to help us get more aggressive.
Doug Terreson - ISI: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Yes. Good morning, Steve.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: There is a statement in your slides, on Slide 35, saying, expect to complete strategic review in the coming months. Is that a statement just around the overall thinking about the business, or is that around the timing that you might expect for making some of the disposals in the Mid-Continent and valorization in the Mid-East that youve discussed?
Steve Chazen: And the decision about California, right.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Steve Chazen: Thats intended to -- so thats intended to be as soon as I didnt get clarity about the proceeds.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: All right. Okay.
Steve Chazen: And then very disruptive and I dont know people dont understand it. We put out the announcements so we could go do the work because you cant go secretly go sell 9% of your assets. Once thats done then well look at the next step what we need to do, but you cant just (inaudible) disrupt the whole organization all at once with sort of this massive idea without some pretty specific numbers.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: And then a question that maybe youll be able to answer on the Middle East, obviously, there -- seems like theres a decent amount of growth still to go for and thanks for the slides? Is there some sort of recovery factors that you can give on these fields at present to give us some kind of a geological understanding, you think you cant talk about reserve bookings that could help us think about the long-term for these fields, particularly Oman
Steve Chazen: Yeah. Unfortunately -- yeah, unfortunately thats part of what were supposed to keep secret. Theyre very high recoveries by U.S. there or by current U.S. mandates. Theyre like fields that we started with the U.S. in the 30s not the like fields that were discovered last few years.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then the final one, the (inaudible) chemical cracker, I mean, world scale is sort of $5 billion to $7 billion, is that the right ballpark for your
Steve Chazen: No, no. Nowhere near that. This is under $1 billion of our share.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leo Mariani with RBC.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Hey. Just question on the Permian here, just looking at your oil production, its kind of been flattish there for the last handful of quarters. Clearly, youre accelerating activity in 2014 talked about an incremental 500 million to drill horizontal largely unconventional. You guys also talked about clearly significant proceeds coming in the door soon, I mean, ballpark its probably if it could get to something like 10 billion type of number, should we expect that is, if you guys have success as we get through 2014 that 2015 and 16 can see a lot more incremental capital on the Permian given how big your acreage position is here?
Steve Chazen: Yeah. Certainly hope so. If it isnt then it hasnt been successful, but we expect Permian to be self-funding because theres so much cash coming out of CO2 business.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay. I guess, in terms of your activity there, you kind of mentioned that acquisitions were didnt seem like they were as paramount. I mean, do you think there is still potential for that down the road if stuff becomes available that looks more attractive to you guys or do you think you have enough acreage to really drill this aggressively for many years to come?
Steve Chazen: I dont think we need to do any acquisitions, no, no, obviously something attractive comes along thats different, but we shall not going to press acquisitions.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay.
Steve Chazen: Were better off, frankly, buying the shares with the money than doing the acquisitions.
Leo Mariani - RBC: Okay. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Steve do you think you can complete the Middle East deal by the end of the year?
Steve Chazen: Complete, no, there is we got sign a lot of factors, factors probably fill a room. So I think that, well -- I expect we will have clarity as to the proceeds by the end of the year and probably signing on completion in the first quarter.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And when you talk about a minority, I think the previous guidance was 25% sale is that still
Steve Chazen: I think you should think of it as being focused on how much money we can bring back in efficient manner rather than the exact percentage.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yeah. And thats being reported as sort of
Steve Chazen: Some amount of money, there is a sizeable number that we can bring back in an efficient manner. The Middle East business generates a sizable amount of foreign tax credits. So we have a probable those that we could use. It will continue to generate foreign tax credits. Its a shelter of the income going forward. So if you exceed what you have you pay taxes, U.S. taxes on money that you would otherwise not be tax assigned. So we are mindful of that and this rate.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I understand.
Steve Chazen: I know that sounds more confusing but
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: No. I think people have been talking about $8 billion type numbers being the ultimate proceeds in the work around percentage share towards that. And then I think the year-end guidance that youve kind of given, at least, what more matters is the numbers is in line with what were hoping?
Steve Chazen: Were not going to give exact numbers. (inaudible) thats useful, again, negotiate with ourselves on the phone.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes. I understand and the options of California, is that a spin IPO what are you thinking there? Thanks.
Steve Chazen: We really havent decided what the options are. Generally, simpler is better. Increased complexity is probably not something I must up for at this point.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: So would that imply a spin then?
Steve Chazen: Whats the simplest thing to do. There are two simple things to do. And only two simple -- everything else requires lot of brainpower and were perhaps short of that right now.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Fair enough. I think Ill leave it there. Thanks Steve.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sven del Pozzo with IHS.
Sven del Pozzo - IHS: Good morning. Weve seen a big run-up in Delaware Basin stocks over recent months. And I know you guys have lot of acreage there. So do you think that -- I think it is based on a relatively small number of successes in horizontal Wolfcamp such as you had mention on your call. Im wondering where do you think we stand in making this play more repeatable in the Delaware basin?
Steve Chazen: Vicki, do you want to take a shot at that. Thats true. There are relatively few wells. We are encouraged about whats going on? So Ill let Vicki talk here.
Vicki Hollub: And again thats part of what the exploitation teams will be doing, working with our current business units, that is to look at the data in the Delaware. We do believe that there is potential there and it is repeatable. And one of the things that were going to focus on trying to do is determine what drives the variations within the reservoir. This team has the skill sets we believe to work with the business units to accomplished that. And so its just a variability that we want to understand a little bit better but we do believe that success is repeatable.
Sven del Pozzo - IHS: In your opinion, is it more upside in the Wolfcamp formation or Bone Springs or equal, just as an idea. And then secondly, Wolfcamp and the Midland Basin, how would you compare the two, kind of, answering the question the same way, just like you did now?
Vicki Hollub: I think that the upside in both Wolfcamp and the Bone Springs will be ultimately pretty equal and the Wolfcamp and the Midland Basin, certainly weve had some recent success there that -- but based on information we see from a couple of wells, were drilling now and from offset operators where were starting that thats going to be very successful.
Sven del Pozzo - IHS: Thank you. Then moving over to Bakken for a moment, most of your drilling, as I think its been in Southwestern Dunn county. Is that to hold the acreage by production or is that just your own choice because youve got a lot of acreage outside of that area as well. And Im just wondering what your plans are. Were developing that under acreage?
Steve Chazen: Weve been focused on holding the production -- holding it by production?
Sven del Pozzo - IHS: Okay. And then .
Steve Chazen: The majority of the drilling is done for that purpose.
Sven del Pozzo - IHS: Okay. Thanks. And then Pronghorn Sand in Bakken, you mentioned that in your last press release, have you had any successful wells in Pronghorn Sand. I know that there is offset operators that have had success there. Im wondering when you guys plan to drill Pronghorn Sand or if you have already?
Steve Chazen: Bill is going to answer that.
Bill Albrecht: Yes. Weve build a -- weve build a couple of Pronghorn wells. Weve been very pleased with the success that weve seen so far. So I think you could expect more of that.
Sven del Pozzo - IHS: Okay. And then finally, just a little bit of data points, if you could help me what the Dolphin project equity income. I know you have disclosed that in the past, but as a while back and just to bring me up the speed on what that is on an annualized basis and if that equity income number -- if its a pre-tax number or post-tax number, and you can get me that later if you want to, if you know, I would appreciate it?
Steve Chazen: Roughly 60% of the income in the Midstream business is split between Dolphin Midstream pipeline and the Plains interest. So if you take our Midstream income for a year, I wouldnt use any quarter numbers. For a year, about 60% comes from those two and, its maybe quite equally divided but something like that.
Sven del Pozzo - IHS: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Hi. Good morning.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: On the $2 billion of annual free cash flow, you expect to generate the MENA portfolio after the -- closing the startup, can you discuss if that free cash flow number sort of assumes that you continue to spend the capital on growth projects and if -- you can also discuss if that the CapEx number has embedded in that free cash flow number if thats enough to sort of replace reserves?
Steve Chazen: The answer is, we continue to expend it on growth projects and it would be enough to replace reserves.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: So it includes that some of the projects you are looking at in the UAE and in Oman, some of the
Steven Chazen: It includes projects that are in hand now that we think we have. If we want to do something brand new, they might have a different effect. But thats -- but if you look at what we have in hand and projects in Qatar and Oman and Abu Dhabi, that sort of includes all of that. But if you said well, you can have some projects some other place. Its radically different than -- maybe different outcome. But this includes enough to replace production.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Understood. And then your comments on the sort of favorable permitting environment in California, is that a result of the law that was signed into or the legislation that was signed to law by Jerry Brown or was it -- is there something else thats going on in terms of how you are lining up the permitting process in the state?
Steven Chazen : Vicki, you can answer that, I think.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I would say that the division of Oil and Gas and Geothermal Resources for the State of California has been trying diligently to ensure that there is more certainty around the permitting process. And so they have been processing permit applications as quickly as they can, granted, it still takes a while in the States because of their personnel resources. But recently weve also been trying to anticipate if the application of details from Senate Bill 4 that was just passed and we are trying to ensure that we stay ahead of the anticipated specific requirements of that bill to ensure that we are not negatively impacted by that.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: So the Senate bill, does it help provide more transparency to the process or does it make the permitting process more difficult?
Vicki Hollub: It will provide more transparency, but it will also require more monitoring from the operator standpoint, also more reporting and we are hoping that the requirements are not so stringent as they overload the staff at DOGGR. And thats the degradation for us is that increased permitting requirements is going to be a load on their staff.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Okay. Thanks for that color. And just last question from me, could you give us the sort of what you envision the capital cost being for the ethylene plant, the gross cost?
Steven Chazen: Well, as I said that half of that would be under $1 billion dollars.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And so
Steven Chazen: And more -- So whether its $750 million or $800 million or something like that, thats sort of the range. Were half of it.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And are -- Do you have all the permits in hand, the air permits and the CO2 permits?
Steven Chazen: Yes. I think we are about set to go.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Great. I appreciate the time. Thank you.
Steven Chazen: We will be spending -- well be spending some money this year but it will build up in 2014, 15 and 16.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Understood. Thank you for the time.
Steven Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: We do have time for one more question. Your final question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Societe Generale.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale: Hi. Two quick ones. Given more of an unconventional focus, should we expect to see your PUD count go up in the U.S., Steve?
Steve Chazen: PUDs as a percentage of proven
John Herrlin - Societe Generale: I understood.
Steve Chazen: Okay. The actual PUD count is very large, how much they actually, but there were always very reluctant to book PUDs and youve got to put a gun to their head to get them to book PUDs. So I would suggest that the PUDs are likely not to change very much as a percentage. It doesnt mean there arent PUDs but just. They feel, I mean, just to tell you why, they feel theyre borrowing from next years program. So if they book a PUD, they book the barrels now and the money gets funded next year. So they are afraid of just hurting their F&D costs next year. So basically that you have the steady state of PUDs and [PEP] adds and therefore your F&D costs are from perspective of deeply being more predictable. We can argue with them but there is more PUDs out there but they tend to take a very conservative view of it. I dont think there is any question about that, not the end of the world or worse things you could do.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale: Okay. Thats fine. I just was wondering whether youre going to be more like your peers because you are more conservative about that?
Steve Chazen: No. I think it requires brain surgery and we are not up for that as part of my liabilities that get older.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale: Okay. On the bottom these are peeping, next question. With California youre spending more on J&J and you said your rent do more unconventionally. Are you going to be outside existing areas for your unconventional activities, what Im trying to get out is, in terms of volume recruitment will production activities be more protected if youre not within your existing field areas or TVD?
Steve Chazen: I think we are going to build out from our field areas rather than go off, part of building efficiency is to build out from your existing infrastructure and one keys to the next year or so is to keep the efficiency strong, so we will build out from where we are.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Thank you. Chris?
Christopher Stavros: Please give us a call if you have any questions, further questions here in New York and thanks for joining us today.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes the third quarter 2013 earnings release conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher G. Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Cynthia L. Walker - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Vicki Hollub - Executive Vice President of California Operations, Oxy Oil and Gas William E. Albrecht - President Edward Arthur Lowe - Vice President and President of Oxy Oil & Gas - International Production
Analysts: Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Christopher Stavros. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thank you, Christie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles are Steve Chazen, Oxy's President and Chief Executive Officer; Cynthia Walker, our Chief Financial Officer; Vicki Hollub, Executive Vice President and Head of our California Oil and Gas operations; Willie Chiang, Oxy's EVP of Operations and Head of our Midstream business; Bill Albrecht, the President of Oxy's Oil and Gas operations in the Americas; and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas business. In just a moment, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Cynthia Walker, who'll review our financial and operating results for this year's second quarter. Steve Chazen will then follow with an update on our production growth strategy, progress on our operating costs and capital efficiency initiatives and guidance on our production and capital program for the back half of the year. Certainly, the highlight of this quarter's conference call will come from Vicki Hollub, who will provide a thorough review of our California oil and gas operations, including the abundant opportunities we have to grow that business over the long term while providing strong financial returns. As a reminder, today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in these statements and our filings. Our second quarter 2013 conference call press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedules and conference call presentation slides, which refer to our prepared remarks, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Cynthia Walker. Cynthia, please go ahead.
Cynthia L. Walker: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us on our call today. During my comments, I'll reference several slides in the conference call materials that, as Chris mentioned, are available on our website. Overall, in the second quarter, we continued the trend of solid execution seen in the first quarter. We produced 772,000 barrels per day, essentially in line with our expectation, adjusting for certain events during the quarter. Our operating cost and capital efficiency programs remain on track. We had core earnings of $1.3 billion, or $1.58 per diluted share. For the 6 months of 2013, we generated $6.4 billion of cash flow from operations before changes in working capital, and we ended the quarter with $3.1 billion of cash on our balance sheet. If you turn to Slide 3, you'll see a summary of our earnings for the quarter. As I just mentioned, core income was slightly under $1.3 billion, or $1.58 per diluted share. Compared to the first quarter of 2013, the current quarter reflected improved oil and gas results, driven by higher oil volumes, offset by lower earnings in the marketing and trading businesses, largely due to commodity price movements during the quarter, and higher equity compensation expense resulting from an improved stock price. I'll now discuss the segment performance for the oil and gas business and begin with earnings on Slide 4. Oil and gas earnings for the second quarter of 2013 were $2.1 billion. And as you can see, this was an increase over both the first quarter of 2013 and the second quarter of 2012. On a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis, improvements came from higher oil volumes, in particular, in the Middle East and North Africa business, following the resumption of production after facility turnarounds in Qatar and Dolphin. We also experienced better realized domestic oil and gas prices, although they were offset by lower realized international oil prices. Improvement in domestic realized prices is mainly attributable to the easing of oversupply in the Permian. This significantly improved differentials for our Permian oil production. There was also a modest increase in exploration expense. Moving to Slide 5, you'll see a breakdown of production changes during the quarter. As I mentioned, production was 772,000 barrels per day. This is an increase of 9,000 barrels over the first quarter and 6,000 barrels over the year-ago quarter. On a sequential quarterly basis, these results reflect the resumption of production in Qatar and Dolphin and growth in our California business as a result of our drilling program. Elsewhere domestically, we saw the impact of natural decline due to our reduced natural gas drilling activity. Also reflected are the impacts of weather and planned gas plant turnarounds in our Permian business as well as insurgent activity in Colombia. These events combined to reduce production by about 7,000 barrels per day during the quarter. Also, on a year-over-year basis, full cost recovery and other adjustments under our production sharing and similar contracts reduced production by about 8,000 barrels per day. The impact on a sequential quarterly basis was not significant. Overall, while there were a number of events that impacted production this quarter, we see the underlying business is performing essentially as we expected. If you turn to Slide 6, I'll discuss our domestic production in a bit more detail. Our domestic production was 470,000 barrels per day, a decrease of 8,000 barrels per day from the first quarter of 2013, driven by the factors illustrated on the previous slide. And this was an increase of 8,000 barrels per day from the second quarter of 2012. Focusing on our commodity composition, our oil production was essentially flat versus the first quarter, adjusting for the effects of the severe weather in the Permian. Our natural gas and NGL volumes were 5,000 barrels per day lower than the first quarter, excluding the impact of planned gas plant turnarounds. This reduction primarily reflects natural decline in the Mid-Continent due to lower drilling activity and third-party processing bottlenecks in the Permian. In total, sales volumes were 764,000 barrels per day in the second quarter of 2013 compared to 746,000 barrels per day in the first quarter. Middle East/North Africa sales volumes were 31,000 barrels per day higher, mostly due to the timing of liftings as well as the effects of the first quarter maintenance turnarounds. Our overall sales volumes were lower than production volumes during the quarter due to the timing of liftings. The pickup in insurgent activity in Colombia caused a delay in 2 large liftings scheduled around the end of June. In total, delayed liftings reduced the second quarter pretax earnings by approximately $75 million, or about $0.06 per diluted share on an after-tax basis. We expect the third quarter liftings in Colombia to be at their normalized level, barring any pickup in insurgent activity in the third quarter. Our realized prices for the quarter and the comparison to benchmark prices are summarized on Slide 7. Compared to the first quarter, our worldwide crude oil realized price was almost flat. As you can see, the reduction in Brent was offset by improved realizations for our Permian production. We continued to experience weakness in NGL pricing domestically, which contributed to a 4% decrease in worldwide NGL realized prices, while domestic natural gas realized prices experienced a 24% increase, driven by improvement in the benchmark. You'll also note that we updated our price sensitivities. Next, I will cover production costs on Slide 8. Oil and gas production costs were $13.40 per barrel in the second quarter. For the first 6 months of 2013, production costs were $13.66 per barrel compared to $14.99 per barrel for the full year of 2012. The largest improvement was seen in our domestic operations, where production costs were $3.26 per barrel lower in the first month -- first 6 months of 2013 from the full year of 2012. This represents annualized cost savings of over $500 million, exceeding our previously stated goals. International production costs have remained fairly consistent with 2012 levels, excluding the impact of facility turnarounds in Qatar and Dolphin, which affected the first quarter. Taxes other than on income, which generally relate to product prices, were $2.66 per barrel for the first 6 months of 2013 compared with $2.39 per barrel for the full year of 2012. Second quarter exploration expense was $78 million. We expect third quarter exploration expense to be about $90 million for seismic and drilling in our exploration programs. Now turning to the chemical segment core earnings on Slide 9. Second quarter earnings were $15 million lower than the first quarter. This is primarily the result of lower caustic soda export volumes due to weak economic conditions in Europe, slowing demand in Asia and reduced demand for alumina in South America. We expect third quarter 2013 earnings to improve to approximately $170 million, benefiting from the higher seasonal demand and continued strong PPC sales into construction markets. On Slide 10 is a summary of the midstream segment earnings. They were $48 million for the second quarter of 2013 compared to $215 million in the first quarter of 2013 and $77 million in the second quarter of 2012. The sequential quarterly and year-over-year decrease in earnings resulted mainly from lower marketing and trading performance, driven by commodity price movements during the quarter. Our worldwide effective tax rate on core income was 41% for the second quarter of 2013, and we would expect that our combined worldwide tax rate in the third quarter will remain at about the 41% level. And finally, on Slide 11, I'll discuss our year-to-date cash flow performance. For the first 6 months, we generated $6.4 billion of cash flow from operations before changes in working capital. This amount includes an approximate $380 million cash inflow from the collection of a tax receivable. Working capital changes decreased our cash flow from operations by about $200 million, to $6.4 billion. Net capital expenditures for the first 6 months of 2013 were $4.2 billion, of which $2.2 billion was spent in the second quarter. We generated approximately $270 million with the sale of our investment in Carbocloro in the quarter, and we used $225 million for acquisitions of domestic oil and gas assets, of which about $125 million was during the quarter. After paying dividends and other net outflows, our cash balance was about $3.1 billion as of June 30. Our debt balance remains unchanged and our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 15% at the end of the quarter. Our annualized return on equity for the first 6 months of 2013 was 13%, and our return on capital employed was 11%. I'll now turn the call over to Steve Chazen to discuss other aspects of our operations and provide some additional guidance for the third quarter.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Cynthia. Occidental's domestic oil and gas segment continued to execute in our liquids production growth strategy. Our first half domestic oil production of 262,000 barrels a day was an increase of about 7% from the first half of 2012 production of 246,000 barrels a day. Second quarter domestic production of 470,000 barrel equivalents per day consisted of 338,000 barrels of liquids and 792 million cubic feet of gas, a decrease of about 8,000 barrel equivalents per day compared to the first quarter. Liquids production decreased slightly due to planned gas maintenance turnarounds in the Permian, which impacted natural gas liquids production. Plant turnarounds also impacted our gas production, which coupled with lower drilling on gas properties. Natural decline comprised the bulk of the total domestic production decline. A number of severe storms affecting the Permian region also lowered our domestic production. Second quarter domestic production was generally in line with our expectations, except for the impact of storms. We're executing a focused drilling program in our core areas. And to date, we are running ahead of our full year objectives to improve domestic operational and capital efficiencies. For example, we have reduced our domestic well cost by 21% and our operating cost by about 19% relative to 2012. This is ahead of our previously stated targets of 15% well cost improvement and total oil and gas operating cost below $14 a barrel for 2013. We believe we can sustain the benefits realized to date, achieve additional savings in our drilling costs and reach our 2011 operating cost levels over time, without a loss in production or sacrificing safety. The purpose of these initiatives is to improve our return on capital. I will now turn the discussion over to Vicki Hollub, our Executive Vice President in charge of our California operations. Prior to her current role, she ran our Permian enhanced oil recovery, or CO2, business. She will provide details of our strategies for the next couple of years, considering the current California operating environment. She will also discuss the results of our capital and operational efficiency improvement programs. Vicki?
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Steve. We are a California company, and we are committed to being a responsible partner in the numerous communities in which we operate, spanning from north of Sacramento to south of Long Beach. We're the state's largest producer of natural gas and the largest oil and gas producer on a gross operated barrels of oil equivalent basis. We provide locally sourced energy to help Californians cool their homes and drive their cars. Since 2010, we have created 3,000 new jobs, invested over $8.5 billion in the state and paid $900 million in state and local taxes. We're also the largest oil and gas mineral acreage holder in North California, with more than 2.1 million net acres in some of the most prolific hydrocarbon-producing areas of the state. Our vast acreage position has diverse geologic characteristics and numerous reservoir targets, providing us with development opportunities that range from conventional to steam and waterfloods and unconventional. We plan to continue investing in providing energy for the state for decades to come. This morning, I would like to give you a look at the progress we've made in California this year. When we started the year, our overall objective was to position our portfolio for a long-term profitable growth while achieving immediate wins to have a successful year. Our specific goals were: deliver a predictable outcome for this year, given the constraints of working in California; advance projects with solid returns, low execution risk and long-term growth; reduce our drilling and completion cost to improve our finding and development cost and our project economics; reduce our operating costs without affecting production to improve our current earnings and free cash flow; build a growing and highly predictable lower-declined base of production; test out various exploration development concepts both from a cost improvement and execution predictability perspective. In 2012, we restructured our business units to create teams organized around the unique characteristics of each of our asset groups, resulting in a fifth business unit dedicated to managing our heavy oil properties. This heavy oil team has added the expertise necessary to accelerate the development of our existing steam floods and to evaluate new opportunities. In addition, we created 3 technical teams to better manage the complex geology of the reservoirs in California. One team is dedicated to the design of new waterfloods or the optimization of existing floods. Another will look exclusively at the aggressive application of the EOR technologies, including steam floods, where they are technically and economically feasible. The third team will focus on unconventional development opportunities to optimize recoveries from the Monterey and other key shale plays in California. We believe this structure gives us the ability to grow our California operations more efficiently, maximize the benefits from the improvement in operating and capital costs that we've already achieved and drive additional improvements in our cost structure. As you know, we're engaged in a companywide effort to reduce our operating cost and improve capital efficiency in order to improve our returns. In California, we have significantly reduced operating as well as drilling costs, exceeding our targets. And we expect to save at least $175 million this year in operating costs through these efforts. On the last call, we provided a thorough breakdown of the efforts being made in all domestic assets, and we have achieved similar success in California. We've reduced our overall operating expenses by $3.50 per BOE, from $23.20 in 2012 to an expected average of $19.70 for all of 2013. Almost half of these reductions have been in well servicing as a result of high-grading our well service rigs and eliminating less efficient ones, better planning and scheduling of jobs, reducing lower value-adding jobs and adding Oxy supervision through reduction of contract wellsite operators. Improvements and innovations in service operations account for another 35% of the reduction. Activities contributing to these reductions include optimization of the use of chemicals, improved water handling, fuel and power cost reductions and lower rental equipment use. In capital efficiency, we've also improved by about 15% year-to-date compared to the full year 2012. This success was achieved by focusing on 4 key elements of our capital program. First, we have locked in our drilling programs for a minimum of 2 months and in some areas up to 9 months. This reduced our nonproductive times associated with rig moves and third-party services and helped to reduce our equipment rental cost. Secondly, we've revised well designs to more appropriately fit the wellbore characteristics and production expectations for each well. Third, we have optimized drilling equipment and fluids to reduce the time required to drill wells. Finally, we have improved our contracting strategies to incentivize our service providers to optimize overall performance through integrated service applications while reducing unit costs. In many instances, such as in the Rose Field, we've been able to generate significant savings through the application of one or more of these concepts I just mentioned and then apply those same concepts to other wells across the state, which has allowed us to duplicate the savings. Many innovative ideas are being generated and implemented by our California teams across the state. As we have stated several times before, many of these ideas are being generated by our people at the grassroots level, which tend to generate individually modest cost improvements that accumulate to significant amounts across all of our projects as successes are replicated. Our people have embraced this effort and are committed to improve operations of our assets at every level by reducing cost and continuing to improve safety everywhere we operate. While the results we have seen so far are very positive and impressive, we believe that we can achieve even more improvements in both operating and capital costs going forward. After reviewing our California assets as a whole and taking into consideration market conditions, we adjusted our capital strategy at the start of the year to allocate a higher percentage of our annual budget to lower-declined projects project, such as our waterfloods and steam floods. For this year, we plan to spend almost 65% of our capital program on water and steam floods, or approximately $625 million on waterfloods, $370 million on steam floods, out of the total $1.5 billion capital. We will spend about 25% of the capital on unconventional projects and the remaining 10% on primary drilling projects. Further, given the market conditions, we have increased a portion of our capital on oil and gas liquids development, which represent about 99% of our California capital for this year. California has unique opportunities, with diverse and complex geology. This geologic complexity leads to a broad spectrum of hydrocarbon fields and reservoir types. The depth, quality and drive mechanisms of the reservoirs vary across many of the producing basins and within individual basins as well. Those varied characteristics, along with product prices, costs and returns, determine the mix of the type of projects to be included in our program each year. The significant strides we have made in reducing our capital and operating cost that I've described have given us the flexibility to include a large number of potential projects in our development pipeline. For example, depending on the type of project and location, our drilling costs in California, including completion and hook-up costs, range from $250,000 to $7 million, with expected ultimate recoveries of 30,000 BOE to 550,000 BOE per well, getting us a wide range of opportunities and variability. Given our diverse portfolio of opportunities in California, we have sufficient inventory to sustain the strategy in the future for at least another 5 years and probably even for 10 years or more, while adjusting the liquids versus gas mix as conditions warrant. We believe this approach will provide the best opportunity for growth of the California operations and make it a significant growth engine for Oxy. Now I would like to share some highlights about each of those project types, beginning with waterfloods. Waterfloods are among our core competencies. We have several new waterflood projects in progress this year in various stages, from screening to implementation, in addition to a number of floods, where we are engaged in redevelopment, expansion or optimization activities. We will spend most of our waterflood capital to further optimize our most developed project, the giant Wilmington Field, where our Long Beach business unit is continuing to have success in reserves recovery. Wilmington is a long-standing waterflood, where the keys to redevelopment success are effective reservoir characterization, performance surveillance, reservoir modeling and advances in directional drilling technology. This year, we will drill 135 new wells, including 35 horizontal wells, targeting attic oil and fault-isolated zones within this multi-play reservoir. In Wilmington, we have used a combination of vertical and horizontal wells depending on the location. Vertical or slant wells can be cost effective in certain locations. And in others, horizontal wells are drilled to target specific sand intervals within the larger waterflood zone, which have not been effectively swept by the injected water. These wells have an average initial production, or IP, rates of over 3x higher than similar vertical wells at a cost of just 20% more than the comparable wells. We believe there's still significant potential to be realized in the Wilmington field. For example, since we acquired this asset in 2000, proven reserves have steadily grown. In fact, year-end 2012, proved reserves remained slightly higher than 2000 levels despite 12 years of production, resulting in more than a twofold proved reserve increase during this period. We currently have an inventory of over 1,000 future well locations in the Wilmington field. We believe that a successful development program focused on these wells over the next 7 years will deliver reserves of up to 100 million BOE. Just south of Wilmington, we are starting the redevelopment of the Huntington Beach Field with 2 new fit-for-purpose rigs, an onshore rig, which has an enclosure specifically designed for drilling in urban areas, and an offshore rig. We expect both of those rigs to arrive and start drilling towards the end of the year. So far, we have identified 128 well locations to drill, which will take 4 to 5 years using the 2 rigs we currently have committed. We expect to add more well locations as we learn more through our reservoir modeling and surveillances, as we have done in the analog Wilmington Field. We believe that we can increase our production from this field by 10,000 BOE per day and develop reserves of at least 50 million BOE. Another significant project for us is the waterflood expansion at Buena Vista Field, where we expect to drill more than 150 wells over the next 5 years. We believe we can increase the Buena Vista production by 4,000 BOE per day and deliver reserves of 28 million BOE. In addition, our Vintage unit, which is the team that manages our San Joaquin Valley and Ventura County waterfloods, gas properties in the Sacramento Valley and unconventional projects outside of Elk Hills, they have several waterfloods in the pilot phase this year, several under evaluation for redevelopment and a long list of potential projects going through the waterflood screening process. In total, we will spend around 40% of our 2013 California capital on waterflood projects that are expected to generate returns, exceeding 20% on average. In addition to waterfloods, our steam flood activities have also been a sizable focus for us this year. Our steam floods in California are highly profitable, taking advantage of the gas versus oil price spread, allowing us to use cheap gas to generate steam, which is then used to inject into the reservoir to produce oil. We believe these projects can deliver attractive returns with the combination of gas prices as high as $6 per Mcf and oil prices as low as $80 per barrel. Typical rates of return for these projects are expected to be 25% or better. The 2 largest steam flood projects for 2013 are in the Kern Front and Lost Hills fields, being managed by our newly formed heavy oil team. These 2 fields contain over 1 billion barrels of oil, original oil in place, on a combined basis, with an estimated 870 million barrels remaining in place. We're in the process of expanding our steam generation capacity in both fields, and these projects are progressing as expected. We have drilled 100 wells in these 2 areas year-to-date. And with the recent addition of 2 rigs, we expect to drill an additional 200 wells in the second half of this year. As a result of our activity in these projects, production from our heavy oil business unit is expected to increase by around 3,000 BOE per day by the end of this year over our 2013 entry rate. Full development of these steam floods is a multi-year endeavor, and we believe that over time, we can increase our heavy of production by 15 BOE per day, developing reserves of 120 million BOE. We're also preparing to pilot 2 smaller steam floods in Oxnard and the Midway Sunset Area by the beginning of next year. With the success of these projects, we expect to be able to develop an additional 45 million BOE of reserves. Our total steam flood spending will constitute about 25% of our total California capital in 2013. Over the next 5 years, we expect to drill 1,500 steam flood wells. As we shift capital to greater water and steam flood opportunities, we expect a lag of about 6 to 9 months before we see sustained production growth, as the flow of new projects reaches a steady level. We're in this transition period but are now beginning to see the initial phases of growth from these projects. In addition to shale plays, our unconventional opportunities include those reservoirs that have low permeability and require special recovery processes to flow. Currently, about 1/3 of our California production is from unconventional reservoirs. This year, we plan to drill more than 70 unconventional wells. We have more than 1 million prospective acres for unconventional resources, which we believe contain up to 7 billion BOE of recoverable reserves. We have drilled approximately 1,300 unconventional wells in California since 1998. More than 1,000 of these have been in and around Elk Hills, including the Monterey and other key shale plays. Our current plan includes 53 unconventional wells from multiple shale plays around Elk Hills, with varying costs and expected performance depending on the well's location and its particular structure. All of these 53 wells are a part of continuing development programs that are delivering better than 20% rate of return. Our ongoing program around Elk Hills is expected to increase our ultimate recovery by about 150 million BOE. An example of unconventional opportunities we are pursuing outside of Elk Hills includes drilling and development at the Rose Field. We purchased this field in late 2009 and drilled 1 appraisal well in 2011, 8 development wells in 2012 and 6 horizontal wells this year, with plans to continue drilling. Results have been very good, with average IP rates exceeding our expectations and estimated ultimate recoveries of approximately 155,000 BOE per well on average. We believe our returns from this field will be around 25% over the course of the development program. We also plan to drill additional unconventional wells in South Belridge and the Buena Vista areas this year. Success in these areas could ultimately provide more than 100 well locations and up to 35 million BOE in net reserves. A discussion of the future potential of California will not be complete without a separate discussion of Elk Hills, which we acquired in 1998. At that time, Elk Hills had gross proved reserves of 545 million BOE, 424.5 million BOE net to Oxy. Now cumulative production since our acquisition in 1998, combined with our current proved reserves, is almost double the proved reserves for Elk Hills at the time of the acquisition, which shows that we continue to generate ways to get more out of these reservoirs, and we're not done with Elk Hills. In recent years, our growth in California has come from projects outside of Elk Hills. This is due to our big challenge at Elk Hills, where the underlying base decline without any capital expenditures would be around 25%. However, we are now looking at additional opportunities, which we expect will further increase the reserves at Elk Hills and help to mitigate the decline rate, possibly reducing it by as much as 50%. These opportunities include waterfloods, steam floods, as well as potential polymer and CO2 floods that could be implemented over the next 3 to 10 years. These significant operating and capital efficiency improvements made by the Elk Hills team will improve the profitability of these waterfloods and the EOR opportunities. I would also like to point out that our plant operations team at Elk Hills has done a great job of optimizing runtime and reliability from our new cryogenic gas plant. Currently, the team is operating the plant at greater than 90% uptime, and they have extracted record volumes of NGLs from the gas streams this year. Elk Hills still has more than 900 million BOE of remaining reserves and resources that can be recovered through waterflooding and current proven EOR technologies, in which we have considerable expertise, so we're going to continue our development efforts at Elk Hills. Our California exploration program has delivered solid results over the last 5 years since we ramped it up. From 2007 through 2012, we have drilled over 100 exploration wells across the California basins in both conventional and unconventional plays. A full 2/3 of our wells have found hydrocarbons, and a large portion of these successful wells resulted in commercial production. We have been busy over the last few years acquiring 3D seismic over a significant portion of our acreage, and this has contributed to our high rate of success. Access to this new seismic data and working closely with our operating groups has allowed our exploration staff to build creative and innovative programs. Last year, for instance, we made a significant unconventional discovery in the San Joaquin Basin. Continued appraisal and drilling and testing this year established reserves and resources of approximately 50 million BOE. The full development of this discovery is expected to require drilling 100 wells. In addition to the 50 million BOE we've established, we are testing and/or planning wells in late 2013 and 2014 that, if successful, will double this volume. Further, this concept has repeatability, and we plan to extend this play through much of our California acreage. Our 2013 exploration program, which includes 15 wells, is on track to deliver results consistent with prior years, and we continue to build inventory to ensure we have a robust exploration program going forward into 2014 and beyond. Finally, I would like to briefly touch on our gas development prospects in the state. In the Sacramento Basin of northern California, we have established a sizable natural gas position, with over 318,000 net acres and 66 million cubic feet a day of dry gas production. We estimate that we operate, through our Vintage business, over 80% of oil production in the region. Our current focus in the area is to optimize our current production, mostly with inexpensive workovers and a modest drilling program of 8 new wells in 2013 and 14 wells in 2014. We believe that the range of possible projects that are available in our acreage gives us the ability to ramp up our development efforts with attractive returns at prices around $5 per Mcf. Currently, we have identified total reserves and continued resources of about 300 Bcf. We believe that our acreage held about 10 Tcf of original gas in place, with about 2 Tcf currently remaining. As you can see, we have a large inventory of waterflood, steam flood and EOR opportunities in California in and outside of Elk Hills, as well as significant upside in unconventional opportunities. All of these opportunities will continue to be an important part of our California development plans for the future and will make California a significant growth asset for Oxy. The mix of projects in the next couple of years will be similar to this year, as we continue to commit a larger portion of our capital to lower decline projects to manage our capital program more effectively and control escalation and spending while achieving healthy production growth. In closing, I would like to summarize the progress we have made against the goals we established at the beginning of the year. We are executing a $1.5 billion capital program this year, which takes into account the constraints of working in California. We expect to generate free cash flow after capital in excess of $1 billion. Our program incorporates opportunities resulting from improvements we are already seeing regarding permitting in the state. We shifted our development program towards a higher percentage of low decline projects such as our water and steam floods. With continued improvements in permitting, we should be able to grow our capital spend to around $2 billion in 2014, with further increases beyond that, reaching around $2.5 billion annually on a sustainable basis. With this program, we expect to grow at least within the corporate target rates of 5% to 8% annually over the next 10 years, while earning returns of better than 20%. We've improved our capital efficiency by about 15% year-to-date compared to the full year 2012. We expect to further improve on these results going forward, which will improve our finding and development costs and returns. We have reduced our overall operating expenses by 350 BOE, from $23.20 in 2012 to an expected average $19.70 for all of 2013. This reduction translates to cost savings of over $175 million for the year, contributing to our earnings and cash flow. We have identified at least 5,500 well locations, and we'll add more as we continue to evaluate additional acreage and project opportunities. We're working on several new waterflood projects in addition to a number of floods, where we're engaged in redevelopment, expansion or optimization activities. We're taking advantage of the gas versus oil price differences and expanding our steam flood opportunities, giving us a highly profitable set of projects to work with going forward. We're continuing our focus on a number of unconventional opportunities across the state, including the Monterey shale, to give us further growth prospects. And finally, we're continuing our focused exploration in 3D seismic acquisition program, which has delivered a high percentage of commercially successful projects, the most recent example being our significant unconventional discovery in the San Joaquin basin. We have a large and diverse portfolio of opportunities available to us across the state. We're very excited about the future of our California operations and the role that it will play in contributing to the company's overall growth. I will now turn the call back to Steve Chazen.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Vicki. I'll now turn to our third quarter outlook. Domestically, we continue to expect solid growth in our oil production for the year. Based on nature and timing of our drilling programs this year, such as the steam floods in California and timing of several gas plant maintenance turnarounds in the Permian, we expect the production growth to occur in the second half of the year. We have achieved the drilling targets we set in the first half of the year. As a result, we expect our second half average domestic oil production will be about 6,000 to 8,000 barrels a day higher than the first half average, the increase coming mainly from the Permian and California. We expect modest declines in our domestic gas and NGL production that we have seen in the second quarter to continue as a result of our reduced drilling on gas properties and natural decline, as well as additional gas plant turnarounds scheduled in our Permian business the rest of the year. Internationally, we expect more cost pool depletions in our contracts in Qatar and Yemen, which will result in less cost recovery barrels from those locations. However, we expect total international production to be about flat in the second half of the year compared to the second quarter volumes, assuming no renewed pickup in insurgent activity in Colombia and stable spending in Iraq. We expect international sales volumes to increase in the second half of the year and recoup well over half the underlift we've expected in the first half. In the first 6 months, capital spending was $4.2 billion, with $2.2 billion spent in the second quarter. We expect second half of the year spending rate to be higher. Our annual spending level is expected to be generally in line with the $9.6 billion program we have previously discussed. The positive effect of our capital efficiency efforts has started to become noticeable in our spending patterns. As a result, we believe there is a reasonable possibility our total spending may be somewhat lower than the program amount I just mentioned, while still drilling the number of wells we set out as a goal at the beginning of the year. As you can see, the business is doing well, and we're continuing to make progress on our operational goals. With regard to our strategic business review, we have presented various options to our Board of Directors. Our review of these operations is progressing well, although it is not yet complete, so the board will continue to evaluate the alternatives. We expect to have additional information regarding our plans towards the end of the year. Finally, an affiliate of Plains All American filed a registration statement yesterday with the SEC for a public offering of interest in Plains' general partner. We own 35% of the general partner's interest, and we expect to monetize a portion as a part of our proposed offering. Now we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Leo Mariani of RBC.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question overall on production. It looks like, just kind of looking at the overall company, going to be sort of flattish in 2013 versus 2012. Obviously, you've got a lot of new initiatives in California going here. Looks like that is going to accelerate next year. I know you guys also increased your Permian rig count earlier in the year. Should we expect much better growth on production overall for Oxy in 2014? And maybe any kind of ballpark number we could look for, for growth next year?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, of course, I think the oil production will continue to do well in the back half of the year and into next year because almost all of the drilling is focused on oil. California will do much better as the year progresses and into next year. International production, Iraq aside, sort of flattish because of the cost recovery issues. So if you look at just the oil, I think you'll see reasonable growth and better growth next year. Some of the turnaround -- we won't have the turnarounds we had this year in the plants, so we should do better that way. Gas is a different issue. Gas production, it's hard to justify spending a lot of money on gas production. So on a BOE basis, I think you won't see much out of the gas, probably some decline. But I wouldn't -- I don't think spending money on gas is money well spent at this point.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Any price out there you think you need to spend money on gas?
Stephen I. Chazen: Vicki talked about $5 in California. California is probably the -- California, maybe South Texas are -- and maybe a little bit in the Peons [ph] are the highest return, but I think you'd probably need around $5 to excite us. I mean, the margins are pretty good in oil right now. I think if you look at sort of $100 oil, you make these huge margins, and so trying to squeeze a few more bucks out of gas, just to make some BOEs strike me as not money well spent.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, how about the Bakken? Is that an area where you guys have started to pick up at all, given the strength in oil?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think Bill can answer that.
William E. Albrecht: Yes, we're right now we're running 5 rigs in the Bakken and adding another rig in August. We'll go up to 6, but I don't see much of an increase beyond 6 rigs for the rest of the year.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I guess how about Al Hosn? Is that still on track for production kind of late 2014?
Stephen I. Chazen: Sandy can answer that.
Edward Arthur Lowe: Yes. The Shah Field gas will come on at the end of 2014. We expect to see pretty much full production in 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Steve, the comment you made on the strategic business review seems to indicate that -- well, it directly indicates that we won't get the plans until later -- much later this year. I was thinking we would have more of an update on, for example, the Middle Eastern sales process. Potentially, it seems to be that you're teeing up for a California spin here. And then ultimately I thought there was some fairly clear plans about your intentions for the remaining co[ph]. Can you just sort of go back through how we've ended up here with you saying there's now a number of different options and where things may be different from the way I perceived them to be potentially?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, one of the things that was easiest was the Plains' partial sale and then ultimately full sale. So there's a fairly large number in that. We didn't say anything had changed. I think as you enter in discussions with people about various things, I think it's best that those discussions not be in the public domain and rather be handled privately. And so when we have a definitive thing to talk about in the Middle East, we'll talk about that when it's definitive. As far as the rest of it goes, you can make your own judgments about California based on what Vicki said.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, so I guess we could continue to consider that, that will become a separate -- a standalone company. That seems to be the way.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it's certainly one of the options. I didn't mean to imply that there were now 400 options. We're just considering various options. And the board has really just been exposed to this in detail at one meeting, and so it will take a little while and we want to consult fully with them and weigh all the alternatives for them. But clearly, some things are going ahead quickly.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the -- I mean, I guess, we still assume that the overall process needs to be complete before you close your career at Oxy at the end of '14?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, that would be my hope, so.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and just the final -- my final question on this would be the towards the end of the year timing, I guess that's conservative. It just seems that you don't have a huge amount of time to complete this process.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it doesn't mean that the process wouldn't proceed without an announcement. So, I mean, there's some things we could do without -- I'd prefer to announce things that are not ideas but well along in the process. So you could move ahead on any of this without some formal announcement.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. And my understanding is that things -- you visited the Middle East, things went well. You may be selling more of the Middle East business than previously. I think it had been the idea of 20% to 30% sales for not less than $25 billion total value. Are those reasonable?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, I don't want to comment. I don't want to comment on discussions we might have with those -- over there. The trip went well, and they were very pleased with our people and our operations, and they want us to stay in the region and want to do things to help us stay in the region.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. And then my final question is as regards California, it feels a little bit like the movie that we saw in 2010. You described a lot of upside and potential in California at that analyst meeting. It didn't really deliver. We've seen volumes down here sequentially in California. How can we get conviction that this enormous upside potential will be delivered when the recent track record is being -- that we think...
Stephen I. Chazen: I think actually we're up sequentially this quarter. But now you just have to see the production as it goes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Westlake of Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess my first question is just on breakeven. So you gave some numbers for the steam floods, but just on sort of...
Stephen I. Chazen: Steam floods, you should use that as a ratio rather than exactly those numbers.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, yes. But on that...
Stephen I. Chazen: That wasn't breakeven. That was economically work, so that's different than breakeven. I don't know what the breakeven number is. So basically, what we're saying in California is that those are -- that ratio works, and we would continue to exploit at that ratio.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right. And then what about the nonconventional wells and the waterflood? I mean, any sort of rough range for sort of economically working oil prices?
Stephen I. Chazen: Vicki?
Vicki Hollub: I would say that for the waterfloods, certainly, we -- those are some of our better margin productions and projects. So our breakeven prices on the waterfloods could go down as oil price is down to probably the $60 to $65 range.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. And then just on the nonconventional side, I mean, obviously your 7 billion barrels of reserve sounds like a great number. I mean, At the current rate, it probably takes about 200 years to drill that. So when you...
Stephen I. Chazen: 199, I thought.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. But when you're looking at the types of fields that that's contained, I mean, is it fields like Rose, North Shafter, that area? Is it infill drilling around Elk Hills or is it the deep basin? I'm just trying to get an understanding of what the technical breakthroughs are to actually unlock that at an oil price that works.
Stephen I. Chazen: First, before Vicki answers, I think you need to understand that we've couched this entire discussion around in the current environment, and those are things other than just oil and gas prices. So Vicki can answer now.
Vicki Hollub: Currently, we only drilled and developed on less than 5% of our unconventional prospective acres, so we're still learning a lot about the Monterey shale. We're in the -- what I would still say is even though we've drilled 1,300 wells, we're learning a lot about the Elk Hills area and the Rose and North Shafter areas. We're taking those learnings and applying those to our evaluations of the remaining potential. And the creation of this technical team that we have and working with our [indiscernible] we expect to be able to start expanding out beyond those areas and expect to see some variability, but we'll be able to apply a lot of what we've learned thus far.
Stephen I. Chazen: Right, I mean, I think the short answer is for the next year or 2 you'll see the areas that she has pointed out. And then as this thing -- we're looking for higher predictability. And so what you'll see is this thing will build out over time rather than sort of leap over time. Because, again, we're looking for predictability and outcome here, so their cash flows would be predictable going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Apologies if I'm simply repeating the questions here. But you do talk about 7 billion barrels of opportunity in California. But I guess, it sounds like there's still a lot to study over such a large acreage position. How do we think about how risked that 7 billion is? Is the issue in the pace? And I know the regulatory constraints is one of them, but just that that's sort of an unrisk number and you just had to do a lot more work on it? It's just kind of putting these things together here.
Stephen I. Chazen: Vicki?
Vicki Hollub: That number is based pretty much on what we've seen in the areas that we've been developing thus far, so that number is taken from the actual performance we've seen in the Elk Hills area, with respect to our shale play there, and also taking into account what we've learned in the Rose and North Shafter area. So we feel comfortable about that number. What we are trying to do is work on techniques to actually improve the percent recovery of the oil in place. And there are some techniques that we think we can start to apply and we're starting to see some success on things that we're implementing thus far, and those are results that we hope to be able to share with you in the next -- in the coming quarters.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's a great...
Stephen I. Chazen: I think her answer is that it's a risk number.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. No, I know. I got that. So then, I guess, the pace, on the one hand, there can be regulatory constraints. On the other hand, you're still trying to learn more. I don't know how you can weigh between these 2 things. But I think there's just this ongoing question of why not go faster in these areas?
Stephen I. Chazen: Neither -- we want to make sure this California company has stable, solid cash flow going forward and the regulatory environment will take a while to develop. This is not North Dakota.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. And then just a follow-up on the strategic business reviews. I think you've said it, Steve, but a lot of companies, when they announce these things, do present basically ideas of what they then want to accomplish. It sounds like, whether it's before year end or some other time frame, it'll be much more conclusionary for you or perhaps much more concrete in terms of what you'll actually be announcing at that time. Perhaps actual sales...
Stephen I. Chazen: If you look at the PAA action, we could've said something about that a year ago or 6 months ago or something like that. We said it when it was concrete. And the problem with ideas is that you telegraph your attentions to other parties, and without -- and I don't think that's necessarily the right thing to do.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, of your 35% of PAA GP, how much is going as part of this IPO?
Stephen I. Chazen: I've been told I can't answer that. You have to call Barclays to get the prospectus. So maybe they'll send you one.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Steve, back to California. So it sounds like what you're seeing by you want the California business to have stable cash flows...
Stephen I. Chazen: Stable and growing cash flows.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. But if go drill a bunch of wells and then you don't have the permitting, let's assume, is that really what's holding you back from stepping up that program? Is it still permitting?
Stephen I. Chazen: It's a combination of permitting and technical evaluation. We could certainly, if we had a different permitting environment, we could spend a lot more money, probably not enough to satisfy you, but certainly spend more money. And so I think that this is not -- this is still a very difficult environment. There are bills in the legislature that will have a negative impact on us. And so I think we want to be cautious about what we promise.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So looking at your slide presentation, you're indicating like a $500 million step-up in spending, maybe going all the way up to...
Stephen I. Chazen: Next year.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And maybe you're going all the way up to spending your cash flow. So what -- where is that...
Stephen I. Chazen: Hopefully, the money we invest will generate more cash flow, so we really won't spend the cash flow.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. But where there is the incremental activity? Is it waterflood, steam flood or is it unconventional?
Stephen I. Chazen: It's probably going to be mostly unconventional.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Final one on California. The rates of return, 25% -- up 20%, 25%, I think that's what you said in the slide pack. Considering you have the royalty and given the numbers you've given to us before, like 350,000 barrels a day -- sorry, 250 barrels a day with 250,000 EOR, on the cost that you give us, those returns sounds conservative. What -- is that -- I mean, am I reading something wrong there? Or those numbers -- something changed from the [indiscernible]...
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, I think first of all, it's not IRRs. It's basically accounting returns. So it won't show up in our financial statements about what's -- as opposed to what shows up in our imagination as IRRs. The IRRs are a lot higher because you get your money back real quick, so they're probably not exactly comparable. We didn't write those numbers to be exact. We just said, well, those are what we have. We're pretty confident being able to deliver.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I see. So it's more like a return on capital type of number.
Stephen I. Chazen: That's right.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Very last one for me. I know you don't want to elaborate probably on the restructuring at this point. But can you help us with frame on order of magnitude for how you see share buybacks when you do get to the point where you're going to do a [indiscernible] auction? An order of magnitude would be great.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it just depends on how much is raised. But clearly, as we raise money, a sizable share buyback is an order. I don't think -- I think under 10% wouldn't be viewed as sizable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just following up on California. Given the commentary about spending in terms of the, I guess, call it, more the conventional waterflood, the EOR side, focusing on lower decline rates yet the incremental spending will be on the unconventional side, I mean, how exactly does that reconcile in terms of production growth?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, you build the base from your steam floods and your waterfloods. That's what the 1.5 billion area does. Once you've got the base, you can afford to step up the higher decline drilling.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So that's how California ultimately is going to fund itself?
Stephen I. Chazen: That's how you would expect California to fund itself.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And would California, if put as a separate unit, however it does occur, would it be -- would it take a percentage of the debt? Would it take on new debt and that would be a way to raise cash for the parent corporation? Any light you can shed on that?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think it's premature to speculate about what we might do there. That's something that you roll out near the end rather than you start with.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I'm just trying to get kind of a feeling for where it can all come from. And the last...
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it isn't going to -- I mean, if it were separated, it would have a capital structure similar to E&Ps, not a capital structure similar to ours.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my final question, as you've made progress on lowering the OpEx, is there any help you can give us in terms of understanding how much of that is a function of maybe not spending on the natural gas side and NGLs as opposed to spending on the crude side, just given that the overall investment in drilling is clearly continuing to grow on the crude oil here in the U.S.?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. The gas workovers are cheaper. So it's more of a struggle to lower it than, given how oily we are, than, say, somebody who's really gassy. So I think that on a BOE basis, gas would clearly be cheaper. So I think it's more of a structure. I mean, even this quarter, the increase is almost entirely due to energy price increases, electricity and that sort of thing. So I mean, to do this in a very oily company is much more a struggle than it is, say, a gas company. If we look at our pure gas production, the areas that are almost pure gas, I mean, they're doing great on this. They've got really low numbers, but they still don't make a lot of money because the gas price is low so, I mean, their operating costs are really nothing. But it's the oil stuff where you struggle because you've got electricity and other costs that make it really out of your control. So I think given oily nature of the company, I think the people in the field have done a great job.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then how much more progress do you expect at this point on the cost reduction front?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, we show you the targets in one of the slides. And so it will be -- it can always be lumpy in any quarter. You can have one more or a few more workovers or you can have a field problem. So operating costs can be lumpy in any one quarter, and, again, there's electricity costs really out of our control. But you can see it in the slide.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, that's kind of what I was trying to get to. I'm wondering, if you've got some of the items are out of your control, what's within your control? How does that line up with the target?
Stephen I. Chazen: We continue to do better on the items that are in our control. If we broke out the stuff within our control, you'd see even more of a sharp improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just have a few follow-up questions. On Slide 31, you guys talk about the significant discovery in the San Joaquin Basin. I just want to understand the full development that you guys talk about, 100 wells, what's the -- what would be the cost of each one of these wells? Is this the sort of $250,000 per well or is it the $7 million per well sort of cost that you guys talked about?
Stephen I. Chazen: It's probably neither. Vicki?
Vicki Hollub: Yes, it's more on the $2.5 million to $3 million range for that development. And were starting to drill -- towards the end of this year, we'll be drilling the more appraisal wells.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And if you could help me a little bit to understand how the permitting process kind of works for all these different play types you've discussed in California. I suppose that when you're drilling in areas you're already producing from, those are sort of easier permits to get. But then, as we move out of these areas, it's kind of more difficult to get sort of those permits. So I guess, for this particular discovery, is it pretty easy to get the permits you need to drill up this inventory and realize this discovery? Or how does that work from play to play?
Stephen I. Chazen: Vicki, why won't you tell him where we are in the permitting process there?
Vicki Hollub: Yes, for that particular area, because it is a new area, we are in the permitting process, and you're correct. For new areas, it takes longer, a little more difficult. And that's why our current appraisal program has not already begun. However, we're in that process now. We've submitted our permit applications and expect to have the approvals of those by the end of Q3. And worst case, we're thinking Q4, so we should be able to proceed as we expect. But you're right. It's in the new areas that we have the delays.
Stephen I. Chazen: But we started this a year ago, Vicki? So, I mean, it gives you a feel. So we've got a permit to drill a well or 2 and so once we decided we needed to expand it, it's been more than a year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So to give you a kind of general sort of rule of thumb, is it from discovery to production of -- or realization of the discovery to production, it's kind of like a year or 2?
Stephen I. Chazen: A year before you can start.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then another year before you can get to full production?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, no. You've got a year of doing nothing or very little, testing the wells that you've got. Then you get -- hopefully, get your permit in a year or a little more than a year. And even that isn't necessarily the full field development but it might be close to where you are. You have maybe some quality issues that you have to deal with depending on the size of facilities you want to build. This can stretch on for a while.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like the incubation period is like about 2 to 3 years from...
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, I think from when you start and as you -- as the field -- if you're unlucky enough in some ways to find more than you thought, you need to go back for more permits because your production facilities aren't big enough. And that will start another period of study by the state. I think the state is doing the best it can, given the environment in the state, the political environment in the state. I think the state government's doing what it can. But no one should underestimate, even when you're successful, how long it takes to convert it into production.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Herrlin of Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Just some quick ones. How much were the well costs at Rose?
Vicki Hollub: The well cost at rose was $3.9 million.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. With respect to your waterfloods, why are you not doing polymer at Wilmington or Huntington Beach? Or you didn't mention that, anyway.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, that's under consideration. Our technical team is looking at the possibility of polymer flooding, not only at Wilmington but also at Elk Hills.
Stephen I. Chazen: The answer is the plain waterflood at Wilmington is working great. And there's no real -- I mean, that's a true technological victory here over the years. And so I think it's -- before you do heroic things, you ought to do stuff that's sort of simple.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay, that's fine, Steve. With respect to your response times, you said 6 to 9 months. I assume water is more -- as layer is more protracted than the steam? Or is that incorrect?
Vicki Hollub: It depends on the type of waterflood. Some are quicker responders than others. But based on what we're trying to develop now, it's looking like 6 to 9 months. But we're, in some areas, we're seeing responses already.
Stephen I. Chazen: His question really is about water versus steam. Is there any difference?
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Right, exactly.
Vicki Hollub: No, the steam, there is a lag there too, because you've got to heat up the reservoir, so that does take a while.
Stephen I. Chazen: Correct.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Last one for me, Steve. Acquisitions, you haven't spent much this year versus the not-too-recent past. Is it an issue of price or dearth of properties or just your current strategic review?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think all 3. There are not a lot of properties for sale. You've got a curve -- oil price curve. I think the average oil price in the curve is like $85 for the next 3 years. Meanwhile, the current price is $105 or $104, whatever it is. So that doesn't actually lead to a lot of deals because as you look forward, you're talking about at least the market's expecting $85. The seller's looking at checks for $105. That doesn't actually lead to a lot of closure. There's really not a lot of oil properties or properties that we would be interested in for sale, and given where we are in the overall process, I'm building -- we're building cash for other uses.
Operator: At this time, I will turn the floor back over to Christopher Stavros for any final comments.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thanks for joining us today, and please call us in New York with any follow-up questions from the call. Thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 11:30:00) =====
Executives:  Chris Stavros  Investor Relations Cynthia L. Walker  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Stephen I. Chazen  President and Chief Executive Officer William Albrecht  President Sandy Lowe  Vice President
Analysts:  Doug Terreson  ISI Group Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Leo Mariani  RBC Capital Markets Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Matthew Portillo  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co., Faisel Khan  Citigroup Global Markets Sven del Pozzo  IHS Herold Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James & Associates  
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Christy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Occidental Petroleums First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Chris Stavros. Please go ahead.
Chris Stavros: Thank you, Christy and good morning and welcome everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleums first quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles are Steve Chazen, OXYs President and Chief Executive Officer; Cynthia Walker, our Chief Financial Officer; Bill Albrecht, the President of OXYs Oil and Gas Operation in the Americas; Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Business and Willie Chiang, our EVP of Operations and Head of OXYs Midstream business. In just a moment, Ill turn the call over to our CFO, Cynthia Walker, who will review our financial and operating results for this years first quarter. Steve Chazen will then follow with an update on the progress were making towards our ongoing efforts to improve our oil and gas operating costs as well as our capital and drilling efficiencies and as part of our effort to improve our financial returns. Steve will conclude the call with some comments around guidance for the second quarter. A highlight of this quarters conference call will be an in-depth discussion from Bill Albrecht focusing on our non-CO2 drilling program in the Permian Basin and additional details on our drive to improve capital and drilling efficiency and reduce our operating cost throughout the domestic oil and gas business. As a reminder, todays conference call contains projections and other forward statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in these statements and our filing. Our first quarter 2013 earnings conference call press release, investor relations supplemental schedules and conference call presentation slides, which refer to you our prepared remarks, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. Ill now turn the call over to Cynthia Walker. Cynthia, please go ahead.
Cynthia L. Walker: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Core income for the quarter was $1.4 billion or $1.69 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of this year  the first quarter of this year, compared with $1.6 billion or $1.92 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2012 and $1.5 billion or $1.83 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2012. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 the current quarter results reflected higher realized oil prices, reduced operating expenses in the oil and gas business and higher earnings in the midstream segment. These were offset by lower volumes in the Middle East and North Africa region due to planned maintenance turnarounds and higher DD&A rates. Ill now discuss the segment break down. Oil and gas core earnings for the first quarter of 2013 were $1.9 billion compared to $2.5 billion in the first quarter of 2012 and $2.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012. On a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis, higher realized oil prices and lower operating expenses were offset by lower Middle East/North Africa volumes and higher DD&A rates. Our sales volumes in the Middle East/North Africa were lower compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 due mostly to the timing of liftings as well as the effect of the maintenance turnaround in Qatar and full cost recovery under our contract in Oman. This reduced our 2013 first quarter earnings by about $200 million after tax compared with the fourth quarter of 2012. Cost associated with the turnarounds, pipeline disruptions in Columbia and other factors further reduced our earnings by about $30 million after tax. Combined with these factors reduced oil and gas segment earnings by approximately $450 million on a pre-tax basis. Oil and gas production costs were $13.93 per barrel for the first three months of 2013, compared to $14.99 per barrel for the full year of 2012. Production cost at this level already beats our previous full year 2013 guidance. The lower costs were attributable to our domestic operations, where production costs were $3.37 per barrel lower in the first quarter of 2013 from the full year of 2012. In our Middle East/North Africa operations, operating cost increased by about $2.50 per barrel on a sequential quarterly basis. This increase was due to the plant maintenance turnarounds in our Qatar North Dome and South Dome fields, and to a lesser extent, the plant turnaround in Dolphin. The first quarter 2013 total daily production on a BOE basis was 763,000 barrels, which was 16,000 barrels per day lower than the fourth quarter of 2012, and 8,000 barrels per day higher than the first quarter of 2012. Approximately, 13,000 barrels of the total sequential decrease in the quarterly production came from Qatar and Dolphin where the plant maintenance impacted production. I am pleased to say the turnarounds were executed successfully and production has returned to normal level. Our domestic production was 478,000 barrels per day, an increase of 3,000 barrels per day from the fourth quarter of 2012, and this now marks the 10th consecutive quarterly domestic volume record for the company. Production was 5% higher than the first quarter of 2012. Almost all of the net sequential quarterly increase came from production in the Permian. Focusing on liquids production, it was flat with the fourth quarter reflecting the drop in production in our Long Beach operations resulting from the effect of lower spending under our production sharing contract there and slightly lower production elsewhere in California in the [streamside] operations. This was offset by higher production in other areas mainly in the Permian and Williston. Latin America volumes were 31,000 barrels per day, which was 1,000 barrels lower compared to the fourth quarter and 5,000 barrels higher in the same period in 2012. The reduction from last quarter was due to heightened level of insurgent activity in the region. In the Middle East/North Africa, production was 254,000 barrels per day, a decrease of 18,000 barrels from the fourth quarter of 2012 and 20,000 barrels from the first quarter of 2012. The planned maintenance turnarounds in Qatar reduced our production 13,000 barrels per day. The impact of full cost recovery and other factors affecting production-sharing and similar contracts reduced first quarter production volumes by an additional 5,000 barrels per day compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. Details regarding other countries specific production levels are available in our investor relations supplemental schedules. Middle East/North Africa volumes were further lower than production volumes in the first quarter due to the timing of liftings. First quarter realized prices were mixed for our products compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. Our worldwide crude oil realized price was $98.7 per barrel, a 2% increase from the fourth quarter, while worldwide NGLs were $40.27 per barrel, a decrease of about 11%. And domestic natural gas prices were about flat at $3.08 per million cubic feet. First quarter 2013 realized prices were lower than the prior year first quarter prices for crude oil and NGLs. On a year-over-year price decreases were 9% for worldwide crude oil and 23% for worldwide NGLs. Domestic natural gas prices were higher by about 8%. Realized oil prices for the quarter represented 104% of the average WTI price and 87% of the average Brent price. Realized NGL prices were 43% of the average WTI price and realized domestic gas prices were 91% of the average NYMEX price. For the first quarter of 2012, the comparable percentages were 105% of WTI, 91% of Brent for oil and 51% of WTI for NGLs and 100% of NYMEX for gas. At current global prices, $1 per barrel change in oil prices affects our quarterly earnings before income taxes by $37 million and $7 million for a $1 per barrel change in NGL prices. The change in domestic gas prices of $0.50 per million BTU affects quarterly pre-tax earnings by about $30 million. These price change sensitivities include the impact of production sharing and similar contract volume changes. Factors other than non-income which are generally related to product prices were $2.63 per barrel for the first quarter of 2013, compared to $2.39 per barrel for the full year of 2012. The 2013 amount includes California greenhouse gas expense of $0.05 per barrel. First quarter exploration expense was $50 million. We expect second quarter 2013 exploration expense to be about $100 million for seismic and drilling in our exploration program. Chemical segment earnings for the first quarter of 2013 were $159 million compared to $180 million in the fourth quarter of 2012, and $184 million in the first quarter of 2012. The sequential quarterly decrease was due to higher ethylene costs and increased competitive activity, particularly in the domestic caustic soda markets. This was partially offset by higher VCM and PVC prices. The Chemical segment, second quarter 2013 earnings are expected to improve to about $170 million benefiting from higher and seasonal demand in the construction in agricultural markets. Midstream segment earnings were $215 million for the quarter compared to 2013, excuse me, for the first quarter of 2013 compared to $75 million in the first quarter of 2012 and a $131 million in the first quarter of 2012. Over 70% of the 2013 sequential quarterly increase in earnings resulted from improved marketing and trading performance. Remainder of the increase came from improved margins in the gas processing and power generation businesses and higher earnings from foreign pipelines. The worldwide effective tax rate on our core income was 38% for the quarter. This included a benefit resulting from the relinquishment of an international exploration block. Our first quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the Investor Relations supplemental schedules. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the second quarter to be approximately 41%. In the first three months of 2012, we generated $2.9 billion of cash flow from operations before changes in working capital. Working capital changes reduced our cash flow from operations by about $200 million to $2.7 billion. Capital expenditures for the first quarter of 2013 were $2.1 billion. This capital spend was $440 million lower than the fourth quarter of 2012 with about half of the decrease in the Oil and Gas business. First quarter capital expenditures by segment were 80% in the oil and gas business, 15% in Midstream, and the remainder in Chemicals. These and other net cash flows resulted in a $2.1 billion cash balance at the end of March. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the three months of 2013 were $804.7 million and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $805.2 million. We had approximately $805.6 million shares outstanding at the end of the quarter. Our debt to capitalization ratio was 16% at the end of the quarter. Our annualized return on equity for the first three months of 2013 was 13.4% and return on capital employed was 11.4%. Ill now turn the call over to Steve Chazen to discuss other aspects of our operations and provide guidance for the second quarter of the year.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Cynthia. Occidentals Domestic Oil and Gas segment produced record volumes for the tenth consecutive quarter and continue to execute on our liquids production growth strategy. First quarter domestic production of 478,000 barrel equivalents per day consisting of 342,000 barrels of liquids, 817 million cubic feet of gas per day with an increase of 3,000 barrel equivalents per day compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. We are executing a focused drilling program in our core years and today, were running ahead of our full-year objectives in our program to improve domestic operational and capital efficiencies. For example, we have reduced both our domestic well and operating costs by about 19% relative to 2012. This is ahead of our previously stated targets of 15% well cost improvement, and a total oil and gas operating costs below $14 a barrel for 2013. While we are still in the early stages of this process in making a longer-term projection is difficult, our goal is to sustain the benefits realized to-date, achieve additional savings in our drilling costs and reach our 2011 operating costs level over time about a loss in production or sacrificing safety. Purpose of these initiatives is to improve our return on capital. I will now turn the discussion over to Bill Albrecht who will provide details of our domestic drilling programs and of the capital and operational efficiency initiatives that we have implemented.
William Albrecht: Thanks you, Steve. This morning, Id like to share with you the three main objectives of our 2013 domestic program. First, delineate our core or anchor drilling areas in the Permian Basin. Weve accumulated more than $1.7 million net acres covering both relatively established and emerging plays in the Permian. This year, were focused on delineating incremental opportunities in the established plays, as well as testing the potential of many emerging plays. Second, drive capital efficiency, particularly, in our core drilling programs. We believe that the results of our capital efficiency improvement program are not only scalable across our core programs, because these results are also sustainable, and third enhance our cash margins through operating expense reductions. Turning now to our first objective our Permian Basin activity, as we said in the past, under current market conditions, our growth will come largely from oil. The Permian will play a key role in that growth. In 2013, we expect to spend $1.9 billion in the Permian. Approximately two-thirds of this capital will be spent in our non-CO2 business. In this business, well drill approximately 300 wells, 90% of which will be focused in four plays; the Wolfberry, Yeso, Delaware Sands and Wolfbone. The Wolfberry has been a solid core play for many years in OXY and represents the largest proportion of our activity. In 2013, well drill a mix of infill wells in already established core areas, and step out wells in emerging areas of the play. We expect step-out wells to pretty much mere the solid results were seeing in drilling 100s of Wolfberry wells in the last several years. The Delaware will be about a quarter of our activity in 2013. Were seeing increased opportunity to enhance economics utilizing horizontal drilling and completions to develop established tight-sand reservoirs. We expect to drill 12 horizontal wells targeting the Delaware Sands this year. Our emerging Yeso play in New Mexico has demonstrated encouraging results. As a result in 2013, we expect to increase drilling activity by 30% from 2012 levels. The Wolfbone play in Reeves County, Texas, is the newest of the plays. Throughout 2012 we were able to acquire a meaningful mostly contiguous acreage position. We drilled a handful of wells in 2012, and well increase our activity this year as we further delineate our acreage position. Because of the multi-pay nature of the play, whereas well be mostly vertical at this stage although, well drill a number of horizontal wells and sweet spots of this multi-pay interval. Early results are encouraging, 30-day IP rates are averaging between 170 and 235 barrels of oil equivalent per day depending on the area. The key to success is a low cost structure. Weve been drilling for less than a year in Wolfbone and weve already seen substantial improvements in well costs. As we build infrastructure and establish a steady program, we expect to see further progress in our costs. In addition to these four core programs, we believe we have opportunities in several other emerging plays. We plan to drill 20 to 25 wells testing horizontal potential in the Bone Spring, Wolfcamp, and Cline across our acreage position. Ill now turn to our second objective driving capital efficiency. There are essentially four elements of our overall capital efficiency strategy. These are locking in our drilling programs, modifying well objectives and designs, improving operational execution, and improving our contracting strategies. We are measuring our progress by comparing our 2013 well costs to 2012 using the 2013 program attributes. In other words, for our benchmark year of 2012, we are using costs that we incurred for the same mix of well locations in types being drilled in 2013. By implementing all four elements, weve already achieved more than a 19% reduction in our well costs relative to the 2012 benchmark across our domestic assets. The most important improvements were achieved in the Williston, the Wolfberry, and shale drilling at Elk Hills, where costs have dropped by 32%, 20% and 22% respectively. Let me describe each of the four elements in more detail. First, we found that locking in our drilling programs for appropriate lead times results in significant efficiencies. This has allowed us to have for fit for purpose drilling rigs in each core area, minimize the number of drill site contractors and minimize drilling and mobilization times as well as rig move distances. To this end, as we developed our drilling programs for the year, we locked in our drilling plans for two to three months in advance depending on location across all our assets. Consequently, weve reduced our rig downtimes by 20%. For example, in the Williston, our optimized drilling schedule designed to minimize rig mobilizations has reduced move cost by 33%. The second element is modification of well objectives and design. For example, in our Wolfberry program, we now run only two strings of casing instead of three, which has saved approximately $250,000 per well. Weve also reduced costs by 47% per frac stage for Wolfberry well without any degradation in production. At Elk Hills and our anchor shale program, we are running mostly slotted liners instead of cemented liners, saving $1.5 million per well, again, with no degradation in production. In the number of our programs, we've reduced the amount of gel loading and resin coated sand, thus reducing completion costs. In short, we are seeing the benefits in the form of reduced drilling and completion times, and reduced and more efficient use of materials and supplies. Let me now turn to the third element, improving operational execution. While were making numerous incremental changes in our day-to-day activities everywhere, we made significant improvements, specifically in the Permian and Williston business units. In both areas, were optimizing our use of water in completion operations by using flow back-end or produced water in stimulations, which is generating substantial savings this year. In the Williston, more of the wells were drilling have been trouble free, particularly due to improved directional tool reliability. And finally, weve made a fundamental change in the way and the extent to which we use contractors and outside consultants to manage and supervise our drilling programs. A heavier reliance on our own personnel for these tasks has already resulted in efficiencies while providing more growth opportunities for our people. The last element of our capital efficiency effort is contracting strategies. In this regard, principally in the Permian, Williston and at Elk Hills, weve reduced our stimulation contract pricing. Weve also reduced our fluid hauling costs by implementing a trucking cluster concept, whereby certain trucking fleets are dedicated to specific core areas. Overall, weve improved our completed well costs in the Williston from an average $10 million per well as recently as just four months ago to $8.2 million currently. We believe that were now top quartile in well costs in the play and our current goal is to bring average Williston well cost down to $7.5 million. We believe at this level, well have the flexibility to focus on continuing development of our Russian Creek acreage, where we plan to drill 46 wells in 2013 concentrating on the sweet spot of our acreage there. Our development will be mainly in the middle Bakken with other wells testing both the Pronghorn and Three Forks formation. And another one of our anchor programs, the Wolfberry, were seeing sustained reductions in completed well costs, where costs are down from $3.5 million to $2.6 million. Lastly, Id like to discuss the third objective of our overall domestic strategy and that is enhancing our cash margins through reductions in operating costs. While our operating costs have also benefited from some of the actions taken for capital efficiencies that I just described, weve taken additional steps specific to reducing our operating costs especially in the areas of downhole maintenance and workovers, which together make up the bulk of our costs. Id like to share a few examples with you of the actions weve taken toward achieving our goal. First, in order to optimize our well servicing rig costs, were eliminating inefficient workover rigs. While this has caused an overall decline in our workover rig count, were finding that through better planning and scheduling, we are able to perform a similar number of well servicing jobs as we did with a larger fleet. As a result, weve not seen any production fall off from these reductions. Second, through a more rigorous review of wells that are repair and maintenance candidates, weve been able to reduce our workover needs by dropping uneconomical wells from our list. These wells will be subject to ongoing evaluations based on market conditions. Third, were evaluating the efficiency of our maintenance crews and prioritizing the most efficient ones through more direct on location supervision, more efficient crews, optimized maintenance scheduling to allow better planning, and tighter controls over spending limits and job approvals. Weve already been able to reduce our well intervention times and maintenance and workover costs. Fourth, were also focusing on our surface operations, which constitute another large cost driver and weve been able to achieve efficiencies in our use of chemicals, water handling and disposal activities. Water handling and disposal is a major cost for the company, therefore its a key area of focus for us. In some locations, weve been able to find what is to recycle more of our produced water, reducing our sourcing as well as disposal cost and as a result handling water in a more environmentally conscious manner. Were also working with our suppliers to address the cost of these supplies and services. In addition, were working on optimizing our use of injectants in energy. For example, were improving our CO2 and steam utilization through ongoing pattern surveillance and evaluation of injectant to oil recovery ratios, and we are reducing our energy costs through maximizing the use of self generated energy and rate renegotiations. As a result of our efforts compared to 2012 levels, our downhole maintenance and workover costs have dropped 36% and our overall surface operations costs by 16%, contributing to a 19% reduction in our operating costs on a BOE basis across all of our domestic assets. Our total domestic operating cost per barrel dropped from $17.43 per barrel in 2012 to $14.06 per barrel in the first quarter of 2013. We believe our ongoing efforts will yield additional improvements going forward. Id like to add that the great success weve had to date in achieving our capital efficiency and operating expense reduction goals is the result of implementing literally 1000s of small ideas, suggestions and decisions being made everyday mainly at the field level. Im extremely pleased that our personnel at every level have stepped up in a big way to achieve our stated goals of achieving 15% capital efficiency gains and so far exceeding this goal and reducing our annualized operating expenses by a minimum of $450 million. While weve made progress in both our capital efficiency and operating cost reduction efforts, were still in the early stages of this process and therefore our data is based on a relatively small portion of our overall program. In addition, we executed a relatively trouble free drilling program in the first quarter. Nonetheless, given our results to-date and our peoples effort in this endeavor, were optimistic we can sustain and further improve upon the results achieved today. Id like to emphasize that our overarching goal is to make sure we achieve these improvements without in anyway compromising the safety of our operations and of our people and without impacting our growth plans. Ill now turn the call back to Steve Chazen.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Bill. With regard to the total return to shareholders in February, we increased our dividend by 18.5% to an annual rate of $2.56 per share from the previous annual rate of $2.16. Weve now increased our dividend every year for 11 years, a total of 12 times during that period. This 18.5% increase brings the 11-year compounded dividend growth rate to 16% per year. Ill now turn to second quarter outlook. Production; domestically, we continue to expect solid growth in our oil production for the year as a result of the nature and timing of our drilling such as steam flood drilling in California. We expect second quarter liquids growth to be modest, the higher growth coming in the second half of the year. We just received word today that weve got permits for three new capacities for our steam flood program, one is already on. So I think were going, doing well in California on this, just a slow start this year. The first quarter of 2013, our base gas production did not decline as much as we had initially expected.
 : Iraqs production is directly correlated to quarterly spending levels, which continue to be volatile. We expect international sales volumes also to get back to about fourth quarter levels based on our current lifting schedule. Our first quarter capital spend was $2.1 billion. We expect the second quarter rate to be higher. Our annual spending level is unchanged and expected to be in line with the $9.6 billion program I discussed in the last call. As you can see the business is doing well and we are continuing to make progress in our operational and financial goals. Im very pleased that employees at all levels have stepped up to the challenges we presented to them and are focused on their jobs. Weve not seen any significant negative turn over trends in our workforce. As I stated before, I remain committed to staying through the succession process. Were now ready to take your questions about the performance of the business. However, we do not have anything to add beyond our public announcements about the on going Board activities and succession process.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from Doug Terreson of ISI Group
Doug Terreson  ISI Group:  Congratulations on your results, everybody.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, the guys, the people in the company did a great job.
Doug Terreson  ISI Group: They sure did. So my question regards the sequential decline in earnings of $450 million, which was highlighted I think on slide 3 and specifically, whether you can provide any additional insight into the components, which is likely to be transitory meaning some of the elements were identified, but how much of sequential decline relates to factors that are not normally recurring like maintenance and pipeline disruptions and lifting variances et cetera?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think Cynthia has that variance, so let her answer.
Doug Terreson  ISI Group:  Okay. 
Cynthia L. Walker: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Doug. Really the only component of the quarter-over-quarter decline that we expect to be recurring is the Oman contract impact, which is about $50 million of the $450 million, the rest of it all relates to timing of liftings as well as the Qatar turnaround, which you mentioned Qatars turnarounds and the pipeline disruptions in Columbia.
Doug Terreson  ISI Group: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Cynthia L. Walker: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good morning, everybody.
Stephen I. Chazen: Good morning. 
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Ive got a couple if I may, Steve. On the cost fees, if I look at the cost on the U.S., you obviously broke that out for us and I think your commentary about the total company. It looks to me at least the international cost was up a couple of maybe $2 to $3 a barrel.
Stephen I. Chazen:
.: 
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Im wondering, so that sounds about right? So basically when the production comes back on in the second quarter, does that mean your run rate is now below $13 and if you could help us with where you think the (inaudible) on the operating cost and Ive got a follow up.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well let Cynthia give you the first part and Ill answer the second part. So what is that run rate? 
Cynthia L. Walker: Yeah, in the second quarter, there will be some other factors likely offsetting things, but we wouldnt expect to get substantially below the levels that we are currently; we wont be below $13 a barrel in the second quarter. Some of the activity that we didnt do in the first quarter will come into the second quarter.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: [Multiple Speakers]
Cynthia L. Walker: Sorry?
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sorry.
Stephen I. Chazen: We expected that the U.S. business makes maybe some profile for you. We expect the U.S. business to  we are going to be cautious on the operating cost here to make sure we are not affecting safety in production. So we expect those costs to continue to go down, but obviously not as quickly as it did in this quarter. So the international costs will come back into line. They were up this past quarter, but we think they will be down next quarter. Yeah, and by putting money into the  what weve done is turnarounds to increase the reliability and we should actually do better on a gross basis.
 :
Sandy Lowe: Yeah, Doug, in Qatar, we are actually producing to record levels over the past  since the past few years of 118,000, 119,000 barrels and the actual extra money we spent on the turnaround that we get much higher reliability. We have records in Oman right now of 235,000 barrels a day gross and we actually are reducing OpEx per barrel there, but still paying attention to production reliability and safety issues may give you more answer on your thought I guess, sir.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No, that was very helpful. Steve, my follow-up, and I hope youre going to forgive me for this one ahead of time. I realized you dont
Stephen I. Chazen: Im very  Ive become more forgiving in my old age.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I realized you dont want to talk about the Board situation, however, my question relates to you on  in terms of your intentions. When we followed in the past, youve always stated that you saw yourself being in position for a quite a while and executing a strategy that ultimately took you towards the million barrels a day. Should we rule out the possibility of you staying around a bit longer just the Board, for example, had a change of heart? And what is your strategic vision for the company in longer-term?
Stephen I. Chazen: Im not going to answer the first question. Thats really outside the purview of what we want to talk about. On the strategy issue, the company as we get  the company is really executing well. I mean, every day Im sort of happy to talk about the operations. And I think the company is doing real well. I think well continue to grow nicely. We have little bumps in the road in the quarter, but fundamentally, I really couldnt be happier about the progress were making as a company. The million barrels a day, I think is a reasonable objective. What were going to do, Paul, the call is well, Bill would like to talk this time, well let somebody else talk next quarter, and maybe well talk about California next starter and have Vicky come and talk. So, well try to give you more detail one call at a time rather than try to flood you with it. So I think youll see that the strategy of building a large domestic business together with a highly profitable international business will work for us. So I think the vision is right now sort of that one. So unless you want to ask the same question another way.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Well, Im just thinking, would you ever see the  theres more, the speculation about structural changes for separating one par or another whether it be MLPs or whether it be California getting split off, is that something that even enters into the discussion right now or is it just not on the table?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we always are looking for ways to improve the return to the shareholders. And I think we, and I mean everybody in the company is committed to that. And whatever actions, if we can find actions that are meaningful, and are accretive to value, well do those things.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Ill leave it at that. Thanks, Steve.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Leo Mariani of RBC.
Leo Mariani  RBC Capital Markets: Hi, guys. And it looks like youve certainly kind of gotten more optimistic on some of these new plays here in the Permian. Wanted to get a sense on how much that is attributable to your recent cost reductions and how much maybe attributable just to better well performance?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think the key to the Permian in my views is costs, repeatable low drilling costs. And that the change in the returns by these reductions is market. Bill, you want to comment on the returns?
William Albrecht: Yeah. Leo, across the plays that Ive mentioned, were seeing solid 15, 20 plus percent returns. And as Steve said, whats really been a big enhancing factor is what weve done to take dollars out of our cost structure there.
Stephen I. Chazen: So the better  the ITs, the ultimate recoveries, same as our experience. But I think by driving the cost down  by returns were not doing the IRR sort of returns. This is sort of more sustainable kind of returns. IRR has to do with how fast you get your money back. So I think were doing real well. Were very please with the progress in the Permian Basin.
Leo Mariani  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So just to clarify on the returns, thats more of an after tax corporate
Stephen I. Chazen: Absolutely, yeah. Unfortunately when you make a lot of money, you pay a lot of taxes.
Leo Mariani  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And I guess just a question on California; you mentioned being able to reduce some of the costs by about $1.5 million for a well. I think you said in Elk Hills and the shale program. It sounds very substantial just trying to get a sense of how much that can improve your economic there?
Stephen I. Chazen: California, were doing well. Weve got more to go here in California. I think were in the early phases of cost reduction in California again. But people who work there are doing a fabulous job. And so I think were trying to get the cost down to even lower sustainable levels before we boost the number of rigs at work. So we need to get our cost down to what we think is sustainable levels, which will be lower than were showing here. And then well build the program up from there. But I think theres more room here. Im very optimistic about the capital, the well cost program, the 19%. It would be disappointing if thats all that turned out of this.
Leo Mariani  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thats really helpful. And I guess, in terms of the first quarter, you guys talked about 5000 barrels a day internationally that you loss (inaudible) and get production sharing contract payout, just curious to whether or not theres going to be any further impact during 2013 from PSCs and project that you have?
Stephen I. Chazen: I dont think much. I think were probably at, for this year where we need to bid and what wont be. As you know, youve got to go to another level of payouts pretty much the program are  the big programs are pretty stable.
Leo Mariani  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Steve, just a follow-up on some of the California unconventional comments, I know the plan is to get some of the well costs down. I guess, if you look back a few years ago and some of the early results, the relationship between costs and what look like could be the EURs and production per well was very, very favorable. Maybe the costs got a little bit higher, now you are trying to bring them back down. Can you comment on what the wells results look like and whether part of the issue here is just maybe the geology is obviously different or not as robust as before, really any color around and again talk about the unconventional in California?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, I think thats, we havent been able to drill where we wanted to drill all the time. And so some of its related to that, and thats created some inefficiencies, and the well costs got markedly higher than we would like and didnt make them terrible, certainly sort of wistful. So I think as far as the results are concerned, I think they are in line with what we said before of IPs sorts of things. But we have shifted the focus to more conventional drilling to give more or less decline and the program was underlying decline, so I think the decline is what well be trying to fight against.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: With the declines unexpected I mean usually unconventional does come with quick declines, or is it just
Stephen I. Chazen: Its been I think more than we originally thought.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Yeah, got it. Got it. Any update on the permitting process in California, I know its always a challenge that  any improvement there at all?
Stephen I. Chazen: The permitting, I dont think this is North Dakota, so I think the permitting process here continues to be, weve made a lot of progress in the last year or so and  but also continues to be hard to predict from a quarter-to-quarter basis. So you get some good news, you get some not so good news. I think that weve built a program this year that doesnt rely on the permitting process to deliver the results.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Yeah.
Stephen I. Chazen: And so well be able to deliver a good set of results this year, I think low finding costs and reasonable growth. Hopefully, we will build a backlog of permit, so we could do the same thing next year but at a higher level of spending.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Yeah. And then just finally, thank you. On the Bakken, it looks like the well costs have come down quite a bit. This has always been an area for you guys where youve kind of been on the bubble of whether you are kind of in or out. It sounds like you are little optimistic on the Bakken, is this now on kind of the right side of the return threshold or still more work to do in the Bakken?
Stephen I. Chazen: More work to be done.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Yeah. What kind of rig count are you looking at there this year, Steve?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, (inaudible) at six, should be between six and seven.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Got it.
Stephen I. Chazen: And then, we are going to be able to obviously do more work with six or seven rigs than we might have done last year with nine or ten.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Yeah.
Stephen I. Chazen: So the goal is to get the organization and the people to get more efficient with the rigs before you add more rigs. Part of this gain or a lot of this gain is having the best crews on the rigs. So as you add the new  another rig, you may diminish the quality of the crew. So the goal here is  were trying to make company as efficient as possible before we do any major increase in spend.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: And then just lastly, and I apologize for all the questions. Given
Stephen I. Chazen: Thats okay.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. With the stock cheaper than it once was, what is it that your thought or your CFOs thought on stock buybacks and how excited or unexcited you are to do those at this point?
Stephen I. Chazen: Stock obviously is cheaper than it once was. And we think that the  some stock buybacks are probably in our future.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Care to quantify?
Stephen I. Chazen: No.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Thats fine. Thank you very much, Steve. Really appreciate it.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank:  Hi, good morning, everybody.
Stephen I. Chazen:  Good morning.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank:  Steve, in the past youve spoken about the difficulty in finding values from, for example, splitting the company. Is that still the way you think that essentially with the stock having traded off and relatively cheaper, could you now see benefit of the Middle East/North America split? Thanks.
Stephen I. Chazen:  I think thats something that we consider all the time. Obviously, the cheaper the stock, the more you have to look at other alternatives. And so valuing each pieces, maybe fairly straightforward to do the U.S., valuing the international standalone is really more complicated because theres not a lot of good comps. So I think that well look at everything, but, obviously, with a lower stock price, things that might not have worked before might work now. That isnt any kind of forecast or anything. Its just sort of a tautology.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: Yeah, Ive got you. I guess, the other issue at the Middle East that it would be prolifically somewhat difficult, I imagine to, for example, sell the whole business?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think that generally if you went and sold individual countries, you would have to gain the consent of individual country. So if you wanted to sell, I dont know in some country, generally, the contract requires somebody else to  the country to approve the sale. However, if the business were split off or something, may be not take so much effort.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: Yeah, that makes sense. Theres a lot of speculation around the potential for an MLP of the Midstream, can you just talk a little bit about how you see that? Thanks.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we look at virtually everything and we know shortage of suggestion. I think you start looking for things that move the needle a lot rather than things to fine tune.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: Well, you mean an MLP would be a fine-tuning or would be a 
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, I think an MLP would be a fine-tuning rather than a major mover. Thats something one can think about over time. But MLP is hopefully low cost capital. So I mean, presumably, the play would be sell the MLP, take the proceeds and buy the shares. And so I, but we also have been borrowing 2.5%. You just look at for things that at least initially are things that move the needle a lot rather than tweaking  were tweaking things. A tweak for example, were simply selling our joint venture in Brazil and well get like $250 million or some like that for that. And so that will close here in a few weeks and we can use some of that money to reduce the share count. There are lots of tweaky things that one can talk about. But again, first of all, focus is on things that really change value.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: Yeah, I guess that would be selling the whole of OXY or splitting it, right?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, selling the whole of OXY, that wont take many phone calls to line up to find out if there are buyers.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: One, I think its probably one call, isnt it?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, one call. Youll probably not  who knows. So we dont want you to hire a lot of investment bankers to study the call. So I think thats an improbable outcome.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: Okay. So you have  that its basically  I mean what else is the needle there other than splitting?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, I dont know. But there may be other things. There maybe assets we could sell that arent contributing to much of the business. I mean there are lots of things we could do that are different than just splitting, but I mean, and maybe even splitting doesnt move the needle. But the first thing you need to focus on thats what really matters and then you can focus on things to improve it slightly. But I think you dont want to go down the path of sort of a delicatessen approach to this, where you slice a piece of baloney off and you throw it to the wolves.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: 
 :
Stephen I. Chazen: Were not (inaudible) going to answer that. I think weve  look at the press releases and the board and our statements speaks for themselves
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank:  Okay, a technical question. If the Chairman and some board members are not reelected, how long is it before they are replaced and how does that process work technically speaking.
Stephen I. Chazen:  Its really a decision for the board to make as something that you could read proxy in detail, but its really a board decision.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank:  Okay, Steve. Ill leave it at that. Thanks for your comment.
Stephen I. Chazen:  Thank you.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Matt Portillo of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Matthew Portillo  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.,:  Good afternoon.
Stephen I. Chazen:  Hi. I think its morning for us.
Matthew Portillo  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.,:  Just a few
Stephen I. Chazen:  Its always morning in California.
Matthew Portillo  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.,: Just one additional question in terms of the potential for share repurchase, could you talk a little about your capital structure and how you think about kind of the appropriate leverage for your balance sheet today. Just tying to get a better sense of how much capital that you have to access on a potential repurchase or other opportunities you are looking at to enhance shareholder value?
Stephen I. Chazen: I dont think we probably want to wander into the exact capital structure. For a commodity based company, you need a strong balance sheet to withstand the ups and downs so that you could react to opportunities that occur in an ugly market. And then our operations in Middle East, its very important, if youre going to sign for a long-term project 30 years or something like that, do you have a solid balance sheets of they believe youre going to be around. I dont  that sort of qualitative view. What the exact number is, I just dont know, but we have a lot of financial flexibility
Matthew Portillo  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.,: Okay
Stephen I. Chazen: Weve got the very strong balance sheet for that.
Matthew Portillo  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.,: Perfect and then just two quick asset level questions, I was wondering if you can give us some color, the Wolfbone sounds like a new play you are focusing on. If you can give us a little bit of color on how youre seeing well costs and potentially returns to EURs there? And then I have one quick follow-up on the midstream side.
Stephen I. Chazen: Bill?
William Albrecht: Yeah, Matt, on the Wolfbone, what were seeing for  these are completed well costs, including hookup, we are in the $3 million to $3.5 million range in the completed well costs.
Matthew Portillo  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.,: Thank you and then just a last question on the midstream side of business, you obviously saw a pretty significant up tick in operating profit for the quarter, just trying to get a little bit better sense and how we should think about that midstream and marketing and trading part of that business to $100 million you guys generated there and how that should trend over the rest of the year or how volatile that maybe as we move into the second and third quarter?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well start, well say  Willie will answer the question, but you should view it as volatile. Go ahead, Willy.
Willie C.W. Chiang: I think you saw last years number; we were kind of in the low 400s. And as Steve said, a lot of the wells for the whole year and a lot of what we do rids on arbitrage opportunities and market prices. We keep reinforcing that one of our key roles is to make sure everything that we produce gives access to the highest markets. So weve done things like, renegotiated contracts to uncouple them from things like WTI. Youll see us take a lot more capacity in pipelines to get out of constrained areas, particularly the Permian. And if you look at our first quarter results, a lot of that was due to the arbitrage opportunity between Permian and the Gulf Coast. And its because of our storage capacity that we had as well as transport capacity that allowed us to capture that. So we hope we can maintain that pace going forward, but again, a lot of this is market based.
Matthew Portillo  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.,: Thank you very much.
Stephen I. Chazen: A very little of it was from the fiber operation. Almost all of the gain was from gas plants and arbitrage between  with our capacity to move oil around. So instead of showing up in the oil segment, because it wasnt our oil, it will show up in the segment.
Matthew Portillo  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.,: Thank you.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup Global Markets: Thank you, good morning.
Stephen I. Chazen: Good morning.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup Global Markets: I was wondering if you could back to California a little bit and discuss the CapEx trends there. So I guess in the middle of the year, you were trending in about $550 million in CapEx a quarter and now youre down to  close to $300 million in CapEx. Is this the new trend through the year?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think were budgeting $1.5 billion in California this year.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. So then should we see that number sort of pickup as we
Stephen I. Chazen: Thats right. Actually all of the capital, we had a slow start in spending this year, not all of that by the way. So we had a slow start everywhere, costs are coming down and you will see the capital spending go to the nine, six-ish level for the year for the whole company. So well start to see a pickup of it in the second and third quarters.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. And then I want to go back to also comment you made earlier, you said that some of the declines you were seeing in California were higher than what you expected initially. Is that what resulted in the reserve revision you guys took in the 10-K?
Stephen I. Chazen: The reserve revision largely was a single old conventional oil part of Elk Hills filed. And it has a different kind of production driver. And the wells there have declined (inaudible) its not conventional. So it fell off the curves, so we took the write down on reserves, but its not unconventional, its hourly the shale, its a reservoir thats probably producing almost 100 years and will probably produce for another 100 years.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup Global Markets: Okay, understood. And then just if you could on the rig count its been kind of bouncing around the last year or two, you were kind of 50 rigs on average in 11 and then you were at 60 somewhat rigs on average for 12, but then at the end of the year you were at 41 rigs, so whats the trend for this year?
Stephen I. Chazen: We believe 50, 55 rigs.
William Albrecht: Yeah, in the Americas  50 to 55 pretty stable.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. So I am just trying to reconcile that with the 10-K we talk about 41 rigs at the end of the year
Stephen I. Chazen: At any time, these rig numbers, how many you have, we answer it almost too truthfully, and so its exactly the  what it is that day or the day before. And it could be three rigs or four rigs higher or lower the next day. So I wouldnt make too much of the exact number.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup Global Markets: Okay, understood. The one last question, in terms of  if I look at the year-over-year growth in volumes and the lower 48, how much would you say the volume growth was attributed to the acquisitions you made last year?
Stephen I. Chazen:  A little bit. We made a gas acquisition in California at the end of last year. So I think some of that was California and then a little bit else where, but its very hard. Most of what we acquired was pud locations.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup Global Markets: Okay, understood. Thanks for the time, I appreciate it.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Sven del Pozzo of IHS.
Sven del Pozzo  IHS Herold: Yeah, good morning.
Stephen I. Chazen: Good morning.
Sven del Pozzo  IHS Herold: Im trying to quantify, I know its a hard question to answer, because its driven by third-party operators. But how much do you budget for rather the $1.9 billion in the  you said two-thirds of $1.9 billion in CapEx in the Permian and non-CO2 businesses?
Stephen I. Chazen: Thats right. 601.3 as I remember.
Sven del Pozzo  IHS Herold: Oh, that would be operated versus non-operated?
Stephen I. Chazen: No, no. Thats total. The CO2 business is almost all our operated. The 1.3 include some of the non-operated ones. We have to estimate that number obviously. Its not our choice.
Sven del Pozzo  IHS Herold: Yeah. So in relation to that non-operated estimate, I was wondering what kind of exposure you have to non-operated wells and I would imagine, with cost cutting efforts going on that perhaps, you might decline to participate in third-party wells and how much exposure do you have to third-party business in the Permian?
Stephen I. Chazen: We clearly have some, you might decline. What the  generally the results what I would like to have from them is the results they tell the street rather than the AFPs we see.
Sven del Pozzo  IHS Herold: Would it be possible to quantify of your 1.7 million net acres that you consider perspective for these emerging plays, how much of that is non-operated acreage and how much is operated?
Stephen I. Chazen: I dont think we could do that here on the phone.
Sven del Pozzo  IHS Herold: Okay.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah. You can see the gross in that. Well show you a gross in that, so you get some idea of our percentage. So I mean, that may help you some, but we dont actually keep our records that way.
Sven del Pozzo  IHS Herold: Okay. Yeah, I saw 2.5 million net acres in the Permian on your website for the total acreage number?
Stephen I. Chazen: Thats right.
Sven del Pozzo  IHS Herold: Does that include what you acquired in Reeves County, was that last year for the WolfBone stuff?
Stephen I. Chazen: Whatever is  whatever there on 12/31.
Sven del Pozzo  IHS Herold: Okay. And there were just some comments I was just looking over the fourth quarter call that talked about CO2 maintenance might that, I mean, is that on the horizon or has it already  have we already seen the maintenance in the first quarter?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, Bill will answer that.
William Albrecht: Yes, and weve got a one of our major CO2 recycling plants getting ready to undergo a turnaround. Its going to start, I think next Saturday, last about two weeks.
Sven del Pozzo  IHS Herold: All right. Well, thanks, everybody.
William Albrecht: Thank you. Chris?
Chris Stavros: We have one last question.
Stephen I. Chazen: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And your final question comes from Pavel Molchanovi of Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James & Associates: Hey guys, just one more on the cost side. I mean, clearly youre running ahead of schedule on your cost productions. But since the end of the quarter, weve seen WTI and Brent both coming down about $10. What would it take for you to accelerate or lets say upsize your cost production target for the year?
Stephen I. Chazen: We might do it internally, well show you actuals.
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And I mean, anecdotally, have you seen some softening across the value chain in the last, lets say four weeks?
Stephen I. Chazen: Are you talking about cost? We contract on a longer basis in that. Certainly, the cost from suppliers is  what theyre charging has come down. And but, we dont do a lot of daily sorts of activities. Most of our stuff is contracted for a period. So its really hard for us to tell about the last month.
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James & Associates: Okay, fair enough. Ill take that off-line, thanks.
Stephen I. Chazen:  Thank you.
Chris Stavros: Thanks very much for joining us today. If you have further questions, please call us here in New York. Thanks again. Have a good day.
Operator:  Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher G. Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Cynthia L. Walker - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director William E. Albrecht - President W. C. W. Chiang - Executive Vice President of Operations Edward Arthur Lowe - Vice President and President of Oxy Oil and Gas -International Production
Analysts: Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Eliot Javanmardi - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Christopher Stavros. Please go ahead sir.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thank you, Christie. Good morning, and welcome, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles, we have quite a sizable group: Steve Chazen, Oxy's President and Chief Executive Officer; Cynthia Walker, Oxy's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Albrecht, President of Oxy's Oil and Gas Operation in the Americas; Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Business; Willie Chiang, Executive Vice President of Operations and Head of Oxy's Midstream Businesses; and our Executive Chairman of the Board, Dr. Ray Irani. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to our CFO, Cynthia Walker, who will review our financial and operating results for last year's fourth quarter and full year 2012. Steve Chazen will then follow with comments on our plan to improve our operational efficiencies and reduce our operating costs, a discussion of our capital program for this year as well as our outlook for production and also some preliminary data of our year-end oil and gas reserves. As a reminder, today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements and our filings. Our fourth quarter 2012 earnings press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedules and conference call presentation slides, which refer to both Cynthia's and Steve's comments, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Cynthia Walker. Cynthia, please go ahead.
Cynthia L. Walker: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Core income was $1.5 billion or $1.83 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared with $1.6 billion or $2.02 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2011 and $1.4 billion or $1.70 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2012. The improvement from the third quarter reflected the effect of higher liquids production, higher realized NGL and domestic gas prices and reduced operating expenses in the oil and gas business. It's partially offset by lower earnings in the midstream segment. In the fourth quarter, we recorded pretax charges of $1.8 billion, representing $1.1 billion after-tax or $1.41 per diluted share. Almost all of the charges were for impairments in the oil and gas Mid-Continent business units, over 90% of which were related to the natural gas properties that we acquired more than 4 years ago on average. While the performance of the properties was generally as expected, natural gas prices have declined by approximately 50% since the acquisitions. Also, in 2012, natural gas prices and NGL prices used for reserve calculations were significantly lower than prices used in 2011, resulting in declines in economically feasible reserves in these properties. In addition, despite the recent modest increase in natural gas prices, drilling in many of the gassy areas remains uneconomic. As a result, we continue to operate at minimal levels in these areas as we've communicated previously. The charges related to the natural gas properties reflect the impairment of such properties to approximate fair value. Net income after the fourth quarter charge was $336 million or $0.42 per diluted share. I will now discuss the segment breakdown for results of the fourth quarter. Oil and gas earnings for the fourth quarter of 2012, excluding the charge, were $2.3 billion compared to $2 billion in the third quarter of 2012 and $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2011. We delivered a quarter-over-quarter improvement despite a decline in WTI prices as a result of higher liquids production, higher realized NGL and domestic gas prices, and importantly, lower operating expenses. Oil and gas production costs were $14.99 per barrel for the 12 months of 2012, compared with $12.84 per barrel for the full year 2011. Our fourth quarter production costs were $14.95 per barrel, which was $1.04 per barrel lower than the third quarter level. I would note that these reductions occurred during the course of the quarter and our year-end exit rate on a per-barrel basis was lower than the fourth quarter 2011 average and well below the fourth quarter 2012 level. This gives us confidence in our operational efficiency efforts as we begin 2013. Steve will review the drivers of the performance and our expectations for 2013 in more detail. The fourth quarter 2012 total daily production on a BOE basis was 779,000 barrels, a new record set by the company. This was up 13,000 barrels per day from the third quarter of 2012 and up 4% from the fourth quarter of 2011. Our domestic production was 475,000 barrels per day, an increase of 6,000 barrels per day for the third quarter of 2012 and now the ninth consecutive quarter of domestic volume production. Production for the -- Production was 6% higher for the fourth quarter of 2011, almost all of the net sequential quarterly increase in production came from oil in California and the Permian Basin. Domestic gas production was down slightly from the third quarter, which was offset by higher liquids production, resulting from higher yields from our new Elk Hills gas plant. Latin America volumes were 32,000 barrels per day, which was flat compared to the prior quarter in the same period in 2011. In the Middle East, production was 272,000 barrels per day, an increase of 7,000 barrels per day from the third quarter of 2012. Higher spending levels in Iraq and Oman resulted in 8,000 barrels per day higher production. Dolphin production, as with the last quarter, was lower due to the full cost recovery of pre-startup capital. Other factors affecting production sharing and similar contracts, including oil prices, did not significantly impact this quarter's production volumes compared to the fourth quarter of 2011 or the third quarter of 2012. Further details regarding other country-specific production levels are available in the Investor Relations supplemental schedules that we provide. Fourth quarter realized prices were mixed for our products compared to the third quarter of the year. Our worldwide crude oil realized price was $96.19 per barrel, a slight decrease from the third quarter while worldwide NGL prices were $45.08 per barrel, an increase of about 11%. And domestic natural gas prices were $3.09 per million cubic feet, an improvement of 25%. Fourth quarter 2012 realized prices were lower than the prior year fourth quarter prices for all of our products. On a year-over-year basis, price decreases were 3% for worldwide crude oil, 18% for worldwide NGLs and 14% for domestic natural gas. Realized oil prices for the quarter represented 109% of the average WTI price and 87% of the average Brent price. Realized NGL prices were 51% of the average WTI price and realized domestic gas prices were 92% of the average NYMEX price. At current global prices, a $1 per barrel change in oil prices affects our quarterly earnings before income taxes by $37 million and $7 million for a $1 per barrel change in NGL prices, a change in domestic gas prices of $0.50 per million BTUs affects pretax earnings by about $30 million. These price change sensitivities include the impact of production sharing and similar contract volume changes. Taxes, other than on income, were generally related -- which are generally related to product prices were $2.39 per barrel for the full year of 2012 compared to $2.21 per barrel for the full year of 2011. Fourth quarter exploration expense was $82 million. We expect first quarter 2013 exploration expense to be about $90 million for seismic and drilling in our exploration programs. Our fourth quarter DD&A rate was $14.47 per barrel, and we expect full year 2013 to be approximately $17 per barrel. In the chemical segment, earnings for the fourth quarter of 2012 were $180 million compared to $162 million in the third quarter of 2012 and $144 million for the fourth quarter of 2011. The sequential quarterly improvement reflected higher caustic soda and PVC prices, partially offset by higher energy and feedstocks. The year-over-year increase reflected higher export volumes for caustic soda and VCM and lower feedstock cost. For the first quarter of 2013, chemical segment earnings are expected to be about $150 million. Typical weak seasonal demand, particularly in the construction and agricultural market segments, combined with the recent increases in ethylene and natural gas costs may tighten margins in the first quarter. Midstream segment earnings were $75 million for the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to $156 million in the third quarter of 2012 and $70 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. The 2012 sequential quarterly decrease in earnings was caused by lower marketing and trading, foreign pipeline and power generation earnings. The worldwide effective tax rate on core income was 37% for the fourth quarter of 2012. The rate was lower than the prior quarter and our guidance, largely due to a higher portion of domestic income in the fourth quarter than foreign income. Our fourth quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the Investor Relations supplemental schedules. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate for the first quarter of 2013 to increase to about 40%. Now turning to cash flow. In the 12 months of 2012, we generated $12.1 billion of cash flow from continuing operations before changes in working capital. Working capital changes reduced our full year cash flow from operations approximately $800 million to $11.3 billion. Capital expenditures for the 12 months of 2012 were $10.2 billion, of which $2.5 billion was spent in the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter 2012 capital spend was approximately $100 million lower than the third quarter of 2012, driven by an approximately 12% reduction in oil and gas spending, partially offset by increases in the chemical and midstream segments. The higher capital at chemicals was related to the construction of a new membrane chlor-alkali plant in Tennessee, which is expected to be completed by the fourth quarter of 2013. Midstream capital was higher mainly due to the Al Hosn gas project. Total year capital expenditures by segment were 80% in oil and gas, 15% in midstream and the remainder in chemicals. Acquisitions for the 12 months of 2012 were $2.5 billion, of which $1.3 billion was spent in the fourth quarter on domestic oil and gas properties. Financial activities, which included 5 quarterly dividends paid, stock buybacks and a $1.74 billion borrowing earlier this year resulted in a net use of cash of $850 million. These and other net cash flows resulted in a $1.6 billion cash balance at December 31. During the year, we bought about 7.5 million of our own shares at a cost of approximately $580 million. Approximately 5 million of the shares were purchased in the fourth quarter at an average price of $76.15. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the 12 months of 2012 were 809.3 million and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 810 million. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the fourth quarter of 2012 were 807.1 million and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 807.7 million. At the end of the year, we had approximately 805.5 million shares outstanding. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 16% at year end. And finally our return on equity in 2012 using core results was 14.6%. And the return on capital employed was 12.6%. Copies of the press release announcing our fourth quarter earnings in the Investor Relations supplemental schedules are available on our website at www.oxy.com or through the SEC's EDGAR system. I will now turn the call over to Steve Chazen to comment on 2012 performance as well as year-end oil and gas reserves and discuss our 2013 capital program and provide guidance for the first half of the year.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Cynthia. Oxy's oil and gas -- domestic oil and gas segment produced record volumes for the ninth consecutive quarter and continued to execute on our oil production growth strategy. Fourth quarter domestic production of 475,000 barrel equivalents a day, consisting of 342,000 barrels of liquids and 800 million cubic feet of gas per day was an increase of 6,000 barrel equivalents per day compared to the third quarter of 2012. The increase in our domestic production over the third quarter in 2012, almost entirely in oil, which grew from 260,000 barrels a day to 265,000. Gas production declined 12 million cubic feet a day on a sequential quarterly basis, mainly in the Mid-Continent, which reflects the reduction in gas-directed drilling we have mentioned over the past couple of quarters. Higher natural gas liquids volumes, resulting from better yields from our new Elk Hills gas plant, offset the decline in gas production there. Our total domestic production grew from 428,000 barrels a day in 2011 to 465,000 barrels a day in 2012 or about 9%. Our total domestic oil production grew by 11% from 230,000 barrels a day in 2011 to 255,000 barrels a day last year. The company's total daily production reached a record of 779,000 barrels a day in the fourth quarter and 766,000 barrels for the full year. This resulted in a 5% increase for the year. We have embarked on an aggressive plan to improve our operational efficiencies over all cost categories, including capital, with a view towards achieving an appreciable reduction in our operating expenses and drilling costs to at least 2011 levels in order to create higher margins from our production. With regard to driving efficiencies in our cash operating costs, we are running well ahead of my earlier plan. We recognize that cost efficiency is a result of many decisions that are made at all levels of the organization, in particular numerous decisions that are made at the field level. All of our business units stepped up to the challenge of reducing our costs and involved their personnel at all levels, from business unit management all the way to field level personnel, to generate ideas to improve cost efficiency. Our employees have responded well to the challenge. The business units generated many good ideas, large numbers of which were generated by field level personnel. Many of these ideas have already been implemented and the results are apparent through reductions already realized in operating costs. There are still many more big and small ideas that are in the process of being implemented, which we believe will result in additional improvements. In the fourth quarter, the company's total production cost were $1.04 per barrel lower than the third quarter. Improvements were realized across most business units, most notably the Permian and Elk Hills. The reductions resulted from efficiencies achieved across most cost categories, including savings in surface operations, reductions in the use of outside contractors, curtailment of uneconomic downhole maintenance and work-over activity, as well as related overhead. In 2013, we expect to realize further improvements in all of these categories. We expect our production cost per barrel to be under $14 in 2013, which is significantly lower than 2012 average costs. Many of the steps already taken in the fourth quarter, which is only partially reflected in the quarter's average costs, along with additional measures being implemented early in the year, to result in meaningful additional cost reductions in 2013 and beyond. We are also seeing strong early results from our efforts towards improving drilling efficiency and cutting our well costs through simplification of our well design, focusing on activities in fewer geologic plays and favoring high return -- higher return conventional activity. Our goal for 2013 is to reduce our U.S. drilling costs by 15% compared to 2012 and we are approximately halfway towards that target with further improvements expected during the next couple of quarters. We've increased our dividends at a compounded rate of 15.8% over the last 10 years through 11 dividend increases. We expect to announce further dividend increase after the meeting of the Board of Directors in the second quarter of February. As a result of our consistent, long-term record of growing our dividend, we are proud to have been selected for inclusion in Mergent's Dividend Achievers indices for 2013. This is a highly regarded series of indices that track companies with long -- strong, long-term dividend growth. We haven't completed our determination of our year-end reserve levels, but based on our preliminary estimates, we produced approximately 280 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2012. Our total company reserve replacement category from all categories including revision was about 143% or about 400 million barrels. Depressed domestic gas prices and changes in our plans for drilling on gas properties resulted in negative revisions to our domestic gas reserves. Natural gas reserve reservations represented approximately 60% of the total revisions. If gas prices recover in the future, a portion of these reserves will be reinstated. Additionally, we experienced some negative revisions due to reservoir performance. Our 2012 development program, excluding acquisitions and revisions, replaced about 175% of our production with about 490 million barrels of reserve adds. Our 2012 program, including acquisitions, but excluding revisions of prior estimates, replaced 209% of our production. We believe these latter 2 approaches are an appropriate way to evaluating the progress of our overall program. At year end, we estimate that 72% of our total proved reserves were liquids. Of the total reserves, about 73% were proved developed reserves. I'll now turn to our 2013 outlook. Domestically, we expect oil production for all of 2013 to grow by about 8% to 10% from the 2012 average. With lower drilling on gas properties, we expect gas and NGL production to decline somewhat. Planned plant turnarounds in the Permian CO2 business will cause additional volatility production in the first half of the year. Internationally, at current prices, we expect production to be lower in the first quarter due to a planned turnaround in Qatar. Production should be relatively flat for the rest of the year compared to the fourth quarter although there is some possibility for growth. In our capital program, we are currently in an investing phase in many of our businesses where a higher-than-normal portion of our capital is spent on good longer-term projects. In 2013, we expect to spend about 25% of our total capital expenditure on projects that will make a significant contributions to our earnings and cash flow over the next several years. I previously talked about the excellent Al Hosn gas project. We've also started the construction of the BridgeTex pipeline, which we'd expect to start operations in 2014. This pipeline is designed to deliver crude oil from West Texas to the Houston area refineries, which will open up additional markets for oil from the Permian region and improve our margins. We're also investing in gas and CO2 processing plants to expand the capacity of these facilities to handle future production plants and in a new chlor-alkali plant in the chemical business. Our total capital spending is expected to decline by approximately 6% in 2013 to $9.6 billion from the $10.2 billion we spent in 2012. The reduction in capital will come entirely from the oil and gas business where the fourth quarter spending rate was already close to the level planned for all of 2013. Almost all of reductions will be made in domestic operations. Midstream capital spending will increase mainly for the BridgeTex pipeline. The 2013 program breakdown is expected to be 75% oil and gas, 11% in the Al Hosn gas project, 9% in domestic midstream and the rest in chemicals. The following is a geographic review of the 2013 program. In domestic oil and gas, development capital will be about 46% of our total capital program. We expect our average rig count in the United States to be about 55 rigs during 2013 compared to 64 rigs in 2012, a decline of about 14%. We've eliminated our less productive rigs to improve our returns. Our total domestic oil and gas capital is expected to decrease about $900 million compared to 2012. Permian capital should remain flat. In California, we expect to reduce capital about $500 million from 2012 levels, which represents ongoing well cost reductions and efficiencies and a modest shift towards more conventional drilling opportunities and the constraints of the current environment. To improve the efficiency of our capital spending in California, we have planned our 2013 program level based on what we know we can execute with our existing and the conservatively anticipated permits. We may revise our program during the course of the year if we can gain more certainty about the environment. In the Mid-Continent, we expect to reduce spending by about $400 million from 2012 levels. We reduced activities in higher-cost unconventional levels, specifically in the Williston and the lower-return gas properties, mainly in the Mid-Continent and Rockies. The modest decline in rig levels compared with well cost reductions lead to an overall U.S. oil and gas -- a decline in the U.S -- overall U.S. spending compared to 2012. However, as a result of planned efficiencies, we can drill a similar number of wells as we did in 2012. Compared to 2012 split, we will spend a higher percentage of our 2013 capital on oil projects. As a result, U.S. oil production is expected to grow -- continue to grow this year. Internationally, our total Al Hosn gas project will decline modestly from 2012 levels and will make up about 11% of our total capital for the year. While Iraq's spending levels continue to be difficult to predict reliably, capital in the rest of the Middle East region is expected to be comparable to 2012 levels. Exploration capital should decrease about 15% from 2012 levels and represent about 5% of the total capital program. The focus of the program domestically will be in the Permian Basin and California with additional international drilling in Oman. The midstream capital will increase by about $400 million due to the BridgeTex pipeline project. Chemical segment will spend about $425 million, which includes construction of a new 182,500 ton per year membrane chlor-alkali plant in New Johnsonville, Tennessee that we expect to begin operations in the fourth quarter. In summary, assuming similar oil and gas prices into 2012 and our expectation of comparable chemical and midstream segment earnings, expect our 2013 program will generate cash flow from operations of about $12.7 billion and invest about $9.6 billion in capital spending. In 2012, we returned $2.3 billion in total cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, excluding the fourth quarter accelerated payout. Our dividends, excluding the fourth quarter accelerated payout in 2012, was $1.7 billion. We expect this amount to increase in 2013 on an annualized basis by amount comparable to our recent dividend growth rate. We expected a $5 change in our realized oil prices will change cash flow from operations by about $450 million. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Doug Terreson of ISI.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, it sounds like the teams have been very successful in identifying some of these expense opportunities and at a pretty surprising pace. So my question is whether or not their early success indicates that there may be greater potential than you guys had originally envisioned? And you talked about several cross-categories in your commentary, and the second question is were you surprised by the opportunities in particular areas or were the savings fairly broad based and spread out?
Stephen I. Chazen: Bill will answered in more detail. But on the overview, we've been -- I think both Bill and I have been stunned by how the people, especially in the field operations, have responded to this. So a lot of great ideas, some of them maybe a little off in left field, but a lot of great ideas. And so we've been very pleased with this. I think Bill can give -- and it's really spread over a lot of categories. There's no one thing we can point out and say it was caused by this or that. And I think maybe I'll let Bill talk about it here for a minute because Bill's been out talking to the people in the field.
William E. Albrecht: Doug, can you hear me? Hello? Okay. Very good. Like Steve said, these savings have been generated both on the capital side as well as the operating cost side. And on the capital side, as Steve mentioned in his remarks, we're well on our way to achieving our targets. We're about halfway home on the capital side. And on the operating expense side, which is where our field people really do come into play, and very important that those folks that are closest to the well had embraced this, they really have. I mean, we're actually more than 50% toward our goal on the operating expense side, more like 2/3 of the way there. And it's across a lot of different categories. Just top to bottom, not just one specific thing.
Stephen I. Chazen: I'd like to go back, Doug. I mean, the goal here is not just cutting the costs, but making more margin. And so it isn't just about you cut the cost by closing down a facility or something, but the goal is creating more margins, so, so far, we haven't seen any reduction in our production as a result of this.
Operator: Your next question comes from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's actually Drew Venker. I just wanted to ask you guys there's been a number of shareholder initiatives in the past few months targeted mainly at option companies revolving around separating business lines to boost valuation. So one could argue that your chemicals and midstream business could receive a similar valuation uplift? What are your thoughts around separating those segments from the upstream?
Stephen I. Chazen: We're open to any ideas that will generate real value. The midstream segment is, I hate to use the bad word, but integrated with our mostly Permian operations. And we believe that our oil company gets better prices for the product, the oil. And putting it in a form where some third party shared in that may not be the best thing to do. Chemical companies -- this is a chlorine and caustic business -- chemical companies as a [indiscernible] group don't generate huge multiples. So I mean, there's other things people could talk about doing that -- and we look at all this stuff regularly to see whether there's real value here that could be created. So both Ray and I are large shareholders in the business. We're not here to collect salaries. And so from our perspective, most of our net worth, or at least I'll say it for me, is tied up in this. So from our perspective, we're perfectly aligned with the shareholders in this. And our goal is to make the shareholder -- the stock go up and increase our net worth that way rather than through 5% increase in our salary or something. So I think that -- I think we're perfectly aligned. A lot of people I know in the business don't have a lot of stock, but we're perfectly aligned on this and we continue to look at things that make sense that will increase value. But those 2 segments are small compared to the total and so -- but I'd be very cautious about the midstream because it's so heavily integrated into our margins in the Permian. Because one of the advantage we have in the Permian is we control our own infrastructure and to be a fiduciary -- you still could control it. Being a fiduciary is not necessarily what you want to be. We can -- Willie -- Willie Chiang who runs that business can maybe talk about it a little bit.
W. C. W. Chiang: I'll may make a comment on just the what we're seeing in the fourth quarter and first quarter. The differentials, you can see how they've been significantly depressed fourth quarter because of turnarounds and pipeline maintenance out of the Permian, we were seeing significant discounts. And I think a good example of what Steve talked about is our project that we're working with Magellan on BridgeTex to get access to the Gulf Coast through Colorado City, which is essentially midland. And as you all well know, when you have constrained supply that's not a good thing. So price signals work, infrastructure gets built and we're able to match supply with demand and get access to other markets. And I think to do that without control in a midstream company is a little more difficult, but we see it as a real, real advantage that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple, please, Steve. Steve, on the cost cutting, you signaled earlier this year the competitive conference side of this had been going. But a couple of months ago, when I had the opportunity to travel with you, you also signaled that you've had a 50% increase in cash OpEx between first quarter of '11 and the third quarter of '12. And I suggest there could be a lot further to go. Could you give us an idea of just how you're feeling about getting back to that early '11 cash OpEx numbers as a stretch goal and then what you might do with the incremental cash flow that clearly would be quite significant coming out of that? And I have a follow-up, please.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, I hate to overpromise here, so I think we'll stick with our current outlook. We've been -- both Bill and I have been surprised and even -- and in Sandy's operations, too. I'm surprised at a lot of the ideas that have been generated. So while I'm, I don't know if the word is euphoric; for me, euphoric, about what we're doing, I just don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We'll deliver what we say and hopefully a bit more. I really don't want to go into overstating it, but it's certainly looking very strong right now. What are we going to do with the cash? We talked about this forever. When the stock was poor, after the last call we took -- we stepped up and bought a fair number of shares. And had I known it was going to respond so quickly to stock, I would have bought more shares admittedly. But my ability to predict the stock price is modest on a good day. So there could be some of that. There could be higher dividend growth. But the goals are still the same. When the stock price doesn't reflect the reality of the business, that'll be used. And when people get negative about the stock for usually short-term reasons, we'll deal with that. And dividends are important part of the business. So exactly what we're going to do, I don't know. But even with the numbers I've given you, you should understand with the numbers of the cash from operations less the capital, there's $3.1 billion of difference and that's really last year's product prices. And that, I think I've been reasonable, if you will, in figuring that number out. So I think that with the dividends taking a little more than half of that, it still leaves a fair amount left and I would expect over time that number will widen. The Al Hosn project, which if somebody asked about it, we'll get Sandy to talk about it, the Al Hosn product is going to add a lot of cash flow to the company and obviously reduce our capital spend. So as we look forward to 2015 and late 2014 maybe, but 2015 for sure, company's cash flow will grow. We can't treat our business the same as the small producer. Small producer takes all his money and drills wells with it. So his current production may look a little better. But we have to spend a fair amount of our money on the long term and the projects like Al Hosn and maybe additional projects in the Middle East will help our business over time and you suffer a little bit now. But on the long run, these are things that build the company out. So if that answers your question.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That was a very long answer, but yes, it answered. My follow-up will be a little quicker. The transition to a little bit more conventional drilling in California, I guess this is kind of a bread-and-butter exploration you guys talked about a couple of years ago. Can you just elaborate a little bit as to what you're seeing in terms of the split of activity and what expectations you have out of that program? I'll leave it there.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's a slight shift actually. It's not a huge shift. The program -- one of the issues we had -- I had really last year was that as we tried to boost the program, we couldn't really -- we counted on being able to drill. And if we didn't get the permit or whatever, you wound up with a fair amount of rig inefficiency because you couldn't drill the rig. You couldn't the well. You had to find some other location for the rig. So we put in a very conservative program this year that can be delivered fairly straightforwardly without a lot of problem, with decent results, we think, and better results than we had last year. As the issues clarify later in the year and if we see good opportunities, we could shift. But I think right now, we want high certainty, good returns and that's what we're doing in California and in the Permian. So I mean, that's really the goal of this year. And if we see better opportunities later on, we'll do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Westlake at Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: The first question is just on depreciation. Obviously, you've given a guidance of $17. Now, you're obviously spending more and you've got the Al Hosn unproductive CapEx. As you look out a bit further beyond this year, do you think depreciation will just continue to rise with the capital spend, or are there some moving levers to expect DD&A to flatten out at some point?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think it's likely to flatten out. We're very close. If you look at the program and forget the revisions, if you just look at the program and the overall finding and developing cost of program, once you see those numbers, you haven't seen them yet of course, you'll see the $17 is very close to what we're doing worldwide. And when Al Hosn comes on, the depreciation expense per BOE is going to fall for the company so -- because you're going to get low depreciation barrels. So I can't say it won't vary a little bit. But I think as we roll through this year, we ought to be okay. I think our F&D on the program basis, again ignoring revisions, is actually pretty good. And I think that this is -- you don't really know, of course, but we're very close here. So I think we had to sort of suffer through it this year. And as we roll into next year and the year after, we ought to see improvements in the DD&A just from what we have in our portfolio. In addition, we should pick up some margin on our oil barrels in the Permian as that market equilibrates. And so I think that -- and some additional chemical earnings from the new plant. So I think our overall cash from operations and earnings will get better, but I think we're close here on the DD&A. I don't think there's not really much more -- and we've taken out some -- in the charge, we took out some of the things that were a drag on it.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then shifting to the Permian, Permian capital is flat. California capital is down. I think from the presentation you released earlier this year, the net share of Permian acreage is increasing. So could you just give us an update on sort of the rig program that you planned actually in the Permian and maybe some of the EURs and rig cost that you're seeing in the horizontal program in particular. And I guess, a follow-on would be how much production you think you'll get from the acquisitions that you made in 2012 and '13?
Stephen I. Chazen: I'll answer the last part and let Bill talk about the Permian program. Last part is we picked up a few thousand barrels a day in the Permian in the fourth quarter, under 5,000 surely. 3,000 or 4,000 a day, I would guess by the time we're through. And we picked up a little gas in California. I did sell forward or whatever the form of art [ph] is for that, the gas that we bought at the lower $4 an Mcf for 15 months, so we get about 1/3 of our money back in the 15 months that we put into it. So in that basis, a reasonable cost. And that's really all you'll probably see. Bill can talk about our Permian program, and a lot smarter than I am.
William E. Albrecht: Ed, we're looking to average somewhere between 25 to 27 rigs in the Permian. And roughly 1/3 of that program will be in the Wolfberry, which we've spoken to you about in previous calls. Another 1/3 is going to be mainly in the Delaware Basin. And then the remainder will be centered around several other anchor-type programs. And of course, the well cost that you mentioned, horizontals, depends on a lot of things, lateral length, the depth of the well and those sorts of things. But what we've seen is about a 50% or so overall weighted average capital cost reduction in a number of our anchor programs in the Permian.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So that's 5-0 or 15, sorry?
William E. Albrecht: I meant to say 15.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: He has new target now. Great, okay.
William E. Albrecht: No, it's 15.
Stephen I. Chazen: There's some guy in the Permian who just had a heart attack.
Operator: Your next question comes from Leo Mariani of RBC.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just hoping for a little bit more detail on the Permian. Are you guys planning on significantly increasing horizontal Permian activity in 2013 versus 2012?
Stephen I. Chazen: Bill can answer that.
William E. Albrecht: Yes, Leo, really not so much. Only about 15% to 20% or so of our wells in the Permian are going to be true horizontals. Now having said that, we do drill a number of highly deviated wells, but those are still not horizontals. It's only in certain specific limited plays where we're drilling horizontal wells.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just in terms of the Bakken, it sounds like that's an area you guys made probably the most significant cuts, if I'm not wrong in that statement. Just any thoughts around when that activity could pick back up? If you guys get to your cost reduction targets, will you expect that to pick back up later in 2013? Just any color you had around that would be helpful.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, we've already seen some sizable, actually reductions in the costs, but we're not where we need to be. And so we're going to continue to drill at a moderate rate there and see what goes on. But we're down to sort of all right numbers. And of course, the product price is now better there than it's been. So -- but I think we'll hold this level -- we'll likely hold this level this year of drilling and work on reducing our costs and spending less time moving rigs because there's a lot of money we spent on moving rigs around. So if you concentrate your program in a few places, we can, I think, get better results. Once we see better results, I think we can boost the program next year. We're trying to keep the capital under control this year. There's always more money that could be spent. We could spend some more money here. We could spend more money there. We're trying to keep the program under control this year. Next year, as the capital needs of some of the longer-term projects start to roll over, then we can look at what's the best use of the capital. For this year, I think we're trying to be conservative and only spend the money on the best things we can.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right, that's helpful. And I think, Steve, you mentioned potentially other projects in the Middle East. Is there anything kind of looming in 2013 on the near-term horizon?
Stephen I. Chazen: Sandy?
Edward Arthur Lowe: We're working on projects, small incremental additions in Oman and bringing on our Block 62 properties. We're also in the queue hopefully for more Abu Dhabi-related projects. But nothing exactly on the horizon in 2013. Middle East should be viewed -- I view it like the Permian in some ways. You go through long periods in the Permian where it's quiet and then all of a sudden something new comes along and you get a period of growth and then you go through another period. For the Middle East, we're in the building phase. Then, as the time progresses, it'll again be the star for a period and something -- and then it'll come down again. The whole business is cyclical. This isn't a business that's -- and fairly long term. In the Middle East, I think you really have to take a long view of it and focus on those things that you can manage and things that will generate long-term returns because once one of these projects is running, they generate a lot of cash and earnings for the company. You just have to invest to get there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the volumes, Steve, in the past, you talked about 5% to 8% at a global level. This may be an unnecessary detail, but it's not a number that you -- you haven't put out a total volume target. I'm not sure it particularly matters, but I guess implied you would be a kind of a 5% company level growth for next year. Is there any particular reason that you're not specifying that 5% to 8%?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, there is. The target still exists, let's not argue, but the target's there because if we grew about 5% last year and if we look ahead to the Al Hosn project going on, you'll be -- for the multiyear period, you'll be there. The reason I'm not is as we cut back on the gas drilling, the outlooks that we have are difficult to measure exactly because they tend generally to overstate the decline because of the way they compute it. And so it's really about the U.S. gas and that's the only thing that I view as -- and that's why we're not -- I wish you guys would stop talking about BOEs or at least convert it 25 to 1 or something. But that's really our issue is that our gas production you just don't know what's going to happen exactly. We can predict the oil production, I think, reasonably well because the program is focused on that and it's pretty reliable and designed to be conservatively estimated. The gas is just hard and so that's why we're staying away from the BOE sort of calculation. But as far as profitability goes, this is where the money is. If somebody thinks we ought to drill some gas wells to break even, I suppose we could do that, to make some BOE numbers. But I mean, the money right now is in oil, I mean, black oil. I don't mean NGLs. And so that's why we're doing it.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, perfectly understood. In the past, you've also been -- you're frank about how difficult it is to forecast the gas number. You said the same thing about the international volumes. How confident -- I mean, within ...
Stephen I. Chazen: No, just Iraq. The reason in Iraq is we don't know what the capital is because it's not in our control. I mean, there's another operator there, so if they spend more money, you'll get more production. And if they spend less, you'll get less production. But on a cash flow basis, you get the money back so quick. Let's say, you put another $200 million or whatever the number is into capital, you'll get the $200 million back within 6 months. So it's sort of -- and that's the number that I -- it's not in our control. The things that are in control we could at least more or less figure, but things that are not in our control and in the control of somebody else, it's just very hard. And so you can wind up a lot more or fewer barrels in Iraq depending on what they spend. Nobody should be bothered by that really, but it's not something -- it's like gas decline and not something I can estimate. But it's even more out of our control because it's a third-party operator operating in a difficult environment.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I totally understand. On acquisitions, you talked about transitioning to an organic -- more of an organic approach. A couple of years ago, we hit highs of $5 billion of acquisitions per year. You said this past year, it was $2.5 billion. Can you talk a bit about where acquisitions will fit in, in 2013, again best guess?
Stephen I. Chazen: It just depends -- we can't create acquisitions. Somebody has to want to sell. And at the end of last year, for tax reasons or whatever, we had to rush people in the fourth quarter. So if you want to run a lot of acquisitions, you ought to go to people in Washington and talk about raising capital gains taxes or something and we'll get more acquisitions. We can't really predict it. $1 billion, $1.5 billion is probably sort of there at some point, but we don't see anything this quarter that amounts to anything. There's really no activity and nothing really that amounts to anything on the horizon. Right now, in the areas we would acquire, which is basically the Permian, we've got our -- we've got a full program when we can manage of acquisitions right now, especially capital-intensive ones, which is almost all of these are now are not a high priority.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, and disposals. What about the Bakken?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, anything that adds value, we would look at. Bakken is a -- if costs were a little better and it's a place where there's a lot of oil in the United States. The differentials have gone away, but if somebody liked to buy my desk and they pay the right price, they're more than welcome to it. There's not much in the drawers.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then just finally for me, if I could while we got Willie Chiang there as well. You referenced that the Midland differentials, but you've also spoken about good realizations essentially for the company. There's the midstream element just sort of squaring the circle. I think what you're saying is that you'd get already a relatively premium price in the Permian because of the infrastructure access that you have and that we shouldn't look too hard at these Midland differentials as being that meaningful for you. But at the same time, you're adding more pipeline capacity to further avoid any risk of -- how should we kind of put all of that together?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, we'll let Willie answer that.
W. C. W. Chiang: Paul, I think if you look at the infrastructure in the industry right now, industry is -- the infrastructure has lagged the prices signals. Price signals haven't been there. People haven't built out. We all wish we would have built more infrastructure earlier. We don't deal only with the Brent-TI spread. We also have the Midland, the Cushing spread. And so if you're limited in pipeline capacity takeaway as we are currently in the Permian, we saw some huge differentials fourth quarter with combined turnarounds, as I talked about in some pipeline on maintenance. So again, we're trying ...
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess my question was -- sorry, I was just going to interrupt and just say that so the point is that you did suffer from those differentials?
W. C. W. Chiang: Oh yes, yes.
Stephen I. Chazen: We didn't suffer much, that's true.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Keep going, Willie, sorry.
W. C. W. Chiang: Well, my point is, yes, by putting more infrastructure in and making sure we have access in different markets. I think going forward you should see that we won't get as impacted with any of these abnormalities between -- the basis difference between regions.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. And then finally, Willie, I guess you expect LLS prices to be pressured down and Permian prices to rise in some combination. What is your thoughts? And I'll leave it there.
W. C. W. Chiang: I think there's a lot of other people kind of looking at LLS prices in different basis differentials. Our key is getting Permian to the Gulf and making sure we get the highest prices possible.
Stephen I. Chazen: We're not good at oil price forecasting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Portillo of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick questions for me. In terms of -- as we think about your free cash flow growth in the outer years and kind of the near-term focus on reduction in capital spend, Steve, I think you alluded to the fact that kind of the incremental capital or the incremental free cash flow may go to dividend increase? And so just trying to understand how you guys are thinking about that relative to the historical growth rate, and should we expect the potential see that accelerate over the next few years as you roll off some of these major projects?
Stephen I. Chazen: First of all, it's a board decision, not mine. I'll have a view, but it's not really mine -- not my decision to make. Everybody here is committed to dividend growth and exactly what it'll be just depends. It just depends on how predictable it is. It also depends on the stock price to some extent. If you get downward movement in the stock price, we may shift some more money to buying in some shares. So you should expect double-digit growth in the dividends going forward, but whether we know exactly what it'll be in any one year is hard to say. But I think as we look through this whole process in the next 2 or 3 years, we ought to see increased free cash flow and the ability to pay higher dividends.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just a second question for me on -- just looking through the slides quickly here. Approximately 60% of the reserve revision was related to gas price. The other 40%, I guess, was related to reservoir performance. Could you give a little more color around where we should have just expected regionally to see that revision on the reservoir side, and any color as to what drove that revision downwards?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, I think the Mid-Continent had some performance issues in some of the gas reservoirs, which we -- that way. And then there's an old reservoir in old Elk Hills which underperformed. I think those are the 2 major areas where there was performance revisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisal Khan of Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a few questions. You mentioned before that you had a high level -- high number of contractors earlier in the year and that part of the cost-reduction effort was getting, removing some of those contractors from the cost structure. Can you give us an idea of what the number of contractors where at the beginning of this cost-reduction effort and where they are today?
Stephen I. Chazen: Contractors are difficult number because there's guys out in the field that are contractors. You hire Halliburton or something, that's really not what we're talking about. These are mostly office-related contractors. And the numbers, I think...
William E. Albrecht: It's in the hundreds.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, hundreds of them, how many of we let go.
William E. Albrecht: That's how many we've let go, Steve. It's in the high hundreds.
Stephen I. Chazen: High hundreds. And that's maybe 20%, 25% of what's there. But these aren't the contractors like the Haliburtons out. This isn't work over -- guys doing work over. These are guys primarily in the offices.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And is there more of these kind of cutting to go or is there -- you think you're kind of done at this point with this part of the cost structure?
Stephen I. Chazen: You're never done looking at costs. It's like nobody's ever done. When you take a layer out, you look at where you are, you see what's going on, you see if you're hurting your production, hurting your margins and then you go look at it again. These are -- you take the things that you know you can handle first and then you move down the road. Getting done with looking at costs, it just never happens. So nobody really -- there's no plan that says every month you're going to fire 100 contractors or something. It just -- we're trying to do it in a way that's not done with a meat axe but with a scalpel.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. And on the reserve additions, I think previously you had not booked anything for the Shah gas project. And at this point, I'm not sure if you have or haven't, but was that part of the reserve additions, the $400 million?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, it was.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And how much -- was it a big part of it or...
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, it was. We've spent $2.6 billion, I think, so far, isn't that right, Sandy? We spent $2.6 billion on it so far. So I would assume that there'd be some reserve additions associated with the spending. We've only booked maybe 1/3, 40% at best of the reserves and we spent -- Sandy?
Edward Arthur Lowe: We spent about 70% of the money.
Stephen I. Chazen: So we're pretty far behind booking relative to the spending. So you should expect to see more additions over the next 2 or 3 years. And really beyond that as the project matures and there's more opportunity for gas delivery, I think you'll see a lot more additions. So I think we're very early in the booking here and this is about as little as we could actually book given the facts.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then on the $2.5 billion of acquisitions you made this year, how much production did that add to your portfolio during the year? In what geographies or how much acreage did you guys pick up in those $2.5 billion?
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't really know. Most of it was done in the fourth quarter, so it didn't add anything. So you picked up a little bit in the early part of the year, but virtually, all of -- nothing really of a few thousand barrels a day maybe in the last year. But almost all of the production basically closed at the end of the year. So last year was sort of nothing.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And was this mostly centered in the Permian or also into California and other parts?
Stephen I. Chazen: The production -- it's always the same. Permian is the largest piece. Hopefully, every so often you find a piece in California, but it gets harder and harder for us. And some occasionally in the Bakken, if you can get the right price. It doesn't really change the strategy, the plan, the acquisitions don't change very much. Occasionally you find something in South Texas maybe that adds to what we have, but those tend to be pretty small.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then on your production growth guidance, for domestic oil volumes, the 11% -- 10%, 11% sort of number that you have out there, is that -- I take it that's also mostly -- most of that growth is coming from the Permian, or what's the -- what do you expect California to contribute to that growth?
Stephen I. Chazen: No, no, no. The oil production will come from Permian and California, both, and maybe a little out of the Bakken even. But I mean, that's -- we're spending the money in the Permian so that's what you're going to see it. But we're also spending a fair amount of money in California and again they're focused on oil drilling. Our California oil production, as we get through -- as we head into '14, will grow sharply as some of these steam floods and other things start to come on. So once we get through the permitting phase of that activity, you'll see some more volume, oil volume growth, into '14 and '15.
Operator: Your next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question for you. As we look at the Permian Basin and the view of relatively, let's say, as a percentage compared to the industry low horizontal drilling, what is it you need to see out there to get more aggressive on the horizontal side? Is it strictly a cost-per-well issue, is it the decline rates that continue to hold you back? I mean, kind of walk us through that if you would.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it's all of the above. I think we've said this before, but if you over drill high decline wells, while it may excite you for this quarter or next quarter or something, it makes next year more difficult because you're faced with high decline wells. So our program is a balance of all those activities. And so it's designed to make a sustainable program, not one that gets a big, big, big level right off.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, I understand that. But if you're looking at it, and I know you look at your overall portfolio from very much the return criteria, I mean, if the returns were the same for the horizontal wells or potentially even better, would you move more aggressively towards that? Or is it the decline rates and the year-over-year comps have become tougher that keeps you from ...
Stephen I. Chazen: We'll let Bill answer. He knows more about it than I do.
William E. Albrecht: Roger, really what dictates an increase in horizontal drilling is the reservoir and the targets that you're going after, which is why in the Permian, as I said earlier, you really don't see a huge proportion of your wells being horizontal because we've got other targets, multiple pay-type targets and reservoirs that are more amenable to vertical drilling as opposed to horizontal. So really, what dictates it more than anything is the target.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So that kind of falls into my next question. I mean, if we look at a lot of the other operators out there, they're talking about moving to, say, 50% horizontal, 75% horizontal. If we separated out the CO2-related drilling out there and really just sort of look at the highly deviated wells and the horizontal wells, how would you compare to that? I'm just trying to understand where you fit in, where you will be fitting in over the next, say, 12 to 24 months?
William E. Albrecht: Well, I think as some of these unconventional plays prove themselves up I think you could expect to see a little bit more increase in horizontal drilling. But as I said before, 1/3 of our program is in the Wolfberry, which is vertical drilling essentially. And another 1/3 is in the Delaware Basin, which, again, is largely driven by vertical drilling. So as some of these unconventional plays mature, then I think you'll see a little bit more in the way of horizontal holes in those reservoirs.
Stephen I. Chazen: We're not -- we have a lot of acreage. We're not trying to spend the maximum amount of money right off the bat. We're trying to learn from what other people are doing, cutting through it. While other people have maybe less acreage or less opportunities, they're basically into this and we'll learn from them and we'll begin some of their wells because of our large position rather than go and be the experiment or we can actually learn for a relatively low cost to figure out whether these things make sense. These plays are relatively new. Determining the ultimate recoverable reserves of a play that's 1 year old or 18 months old when you have huge decline, initial decline rates, is very difficult and we tend to be fairly conservative of how we look at it because we don't know how it's going to flat -- how the curve is going to flatten. And that's maybe just us, but we can afford to wait, be patient and thoughtful about this. And we're maybe less convinced than other people about the ultimate recovery. But we'll find out here in the next year or 2 as these plays mature and our position is good enough that we can do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eliot Javanmardi of Capital One.
Eliot Javanmardi - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division: I think many of the questions have been asked already, but I did want to ask you one more. You had mentioned that it looks like you're now 2/3 of the way through your cost-cutting goals. I just want to get some clarification around what number we're looking at to start with and where that -- and what number we're trying to end with just from a clarifications standpoint? Could you help me out there?
Stephen I. Chazen: Bill will answer that.
William E. Albrecht: I mean, on an absolute dollar basis, Eliot, we're looking at $450 million to $500 million of reduction in absolute OpEx. That's on the domestic side.
Eliot Javanmardi - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And what was the time frame to meet that target? It was mid-year or for '13 or...
William E. Albrecht: That's an overall average target for 2013.
Eliot Javanmardi - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So your 2/3 ...
Stephen I. Chazen: So as you think about it, it's a little less than the beginning and so the exit rate will be different, it will be higher. Otherwise, you won't make the average.
Operator: Your last question comes from John Herrlin of Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Couple of quick ones. With the cost savings, it's all the Oxy initiatives, no help on the services side at all?
Stephen I. Chazen: Very little, but we're starting -- we're not ignoring that. But right now, it's really all within our power. And we're not planning that, but there's clearly some out there. So we would hope to get some from that, but what we're planning on is what we could do within our control.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. With the Elk Hills plant, is that now fully operational? Are you running it full?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, and you can see how it's generating more NGLs. As for the gases you can't see it exactly. But the gas is down at Elk Hills. But the equivalent amount of BOEs were converted into NGLs. So even though we're getting good -- not good gas prices but relatively good gas prices in California, you get better prices for NGLs.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thanks very much for joining us today. And should you have further questions, please call us here in New York. Thank you.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher G. Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Cynthia L. Walker - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director William E. Albrecht - President
Analysts: Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Stavros, you may begin your conference.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thank you, Christie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Occidental Petroleum's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles are Stephen Chazen, Oxy's President and Chief Executive Officer; Cynthia Walker, Oxy's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Albrecht, President of Oxy's Oil and Gas Operation in the Americas; and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Business. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to our CFO, Cynthia Walker, who will review our financial and operating results for this year's third quarter. Steve Chazen will then follow with comments on our strategy, progress, as well as providing some guidance for the remainder of this year. Our third quarter 2012 earnings press release, investor relations supplemental schedules and the conference call presentation slides, which refer both to Cynthia's and Steve's remarks, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Cynthia Walker. Cynthia, please go ahead.
Cynthia L. Walker: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Income from continuing operations was $1.4 billion or $1.70 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2012, compared to $1.8 billion or $2.18 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2011 and $1.3 billion or $1.64 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2012. The third quarter income from continuing operations improved by $0.06 per diluted share from the second quarter of this year. The improvement reflected higher margins in the marketing and trading businesses, partially offset by lower earnings in the chemical segment. In the oil and gas business, the effect of higher liquids production and domestic gas prices was partially offset by the impact of a 3% decline in realized worldwide crude oil prices. Now let me turn to the segment breakdown for the third quarter. In the oil and gas business, earnings for the third quarter of 2012 were $2 billion, compared to $2 billion in the second quarter of 2012 and $2.6 billion in the third quarter of 2011. Overall, third quarter 2012 production was 766,000 barrels per day, flat with the record set by the company in the second quarter of 2012, and up 4% from the third quarter of 2011. Our domestic production was 469,000 barrels per day, an increase of 7,000 barrels per day from the second quarter of 2012, and most notably, the eighth consecutive quarter of domestic record volume growth for the company. Production was 8% higher in the third quarter of 2011 -- versus the third quarter of 2011. Almost all the sequential quarterly increase came from the Permian and Williston basins. California production was higher in liquids, but flat on an overall BOE basis with the second quarter, mainly due to lower gas volumes associated with initial startup issues of the new gas plant. These issues were resolved mid-quarter, although the positive effect of the plant on overall third quarter production was muted as a result. Today, the plant continues to run as expected, and California's current production run rate is approximately 150,000 barrels per day. In Latin America, volumes were 32,000 barrels per day. And in the Middle East, volumes were 265,000 barrels per day. I'll note meaningful sequential changes in Qatar production, however, details regarding other company-specific production levels are available as usual in the investor relations supplemental schedules that we provide. Dolphin's production was 13,000 barrels per day lower than the second quarter, resulting from the full cost recovery of pre-startup capital, as we noted to anticipate last quarter. Qatar's production was also impacted by a facility outage in August, which reduced production in the quarter by about 5,000 barrels per day. The outage was subsequently resolved. The rest of the Middle East partially offset these decreases in part due to higher spending levels. Factors affecting production sharing and similar contracts, including oil prices, did not significantly impact the quarter's production volumes compared to the third quarter of 2011 or the second quarter of 2012. Third quarter 2012 realized prices were mixed for our products compared to the second quarter of the year. Our worldwide crude oil realized price was $96.62 per barrel, a decrease of about 3%. Worldwide NGLs were $40.65 per barrel, also a decrease of about 3% from the second quarter, while domestic natural gas prices were $2.48 per million cubic feet, an improvement of 19%. The change in worldwide crude oil realized price was primarily due to the mix of sales volumes in the quarter. Third quarter 2012 realized prices were lower than third quarter 2011 prices for all of our products. On a year-over-year basis, price decreases were 1% for worldwide crude oil, 27% for worldwide NGLs and 41% for domestic natural gas. Realized oil prices for the quarter represented 105% of the average WTI price and 88% of the average Brent price. Realized NGL prices were 44% of the average WTI price and realized domestic gas prices were 90% of the average NYMEX price. At current global prices, a $1 per barrel change in oil prices affects our quarterly earnings before income taxes by approximately $36 million, and $8 million per $1 per barrel change in NGL prices. A change of $0.50 per million BTU in domestic gas prices affects quarterly pretax earnings by about $35 million. These price change sensitivities include the impact of production sharing and similar contract volume changes on income. Oil and gas production costs were $15 per barrel for the first 9 months of 2012. This is compared to $12.84 per barrel for the full year of 2011. The cost increase reflects higher well maintenance activity, in part reflecting our higher well count, higher workover activity and higher support and injection costs. Taxes other than on income, which are generally related to product prices, were $2.43 per barrel for the first 9 months of 2012, compared to $2.21 per barrel for the full year of 2011. And third quarter exploration expense was $69 million. Now turning to the chemical segment. Earnings for the third quarter of 2012 were $164 million (sic) [$162 million], compared to $194 million in the second quarter of 2012 and $245 million for the third quarter of 2011. Both the sequential quarterly and year-over-year declines were due to lower Asian market demand that drove export prices lower, partially offset by lower ethylene costs. In the midstream segment, earnings were $156 million for the third quarter of 2012, compared to $77 million in the second quarter of 2012, and as well in the third quarter of 2011. The 2012 quarterly increase in earnings was in the marketing and trading business primarily and power generation, partially offset by lower margins in the gas plants, reflecting lower NGL prices. Our worldwide effective tax rate was 38% for the third quarter of 2012. The lower rate compared to our guidance was attributable to a shift in the mix of income towards more domestic. Our third quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the investor relations supplemental schedules. In the first 9 months of 2012, we generated $9.2 billion of cash flow from operations before working capital changes. Working capital reduced our 9 month cash flow from operations by approximately $660 million to $8.5 billion. Approximately $510 million of the working capital use occurred in the third quarter. Capital expenditures for the first 9 months of 2012 were $7.7 billion, of which $2.6 billion was spent in the third quarter. Year-to-date capital expenditures by segment were 82% in the oil and gas business, 14% in midstream, and the remainder in the chemicals business. Acquisitions for the first 9 months of 2012 were $1.2 billion, of which $100 million was spent in the third quarter. Financing activities, which include dividends paid, stock buybacks and a $1.74 billion borrowing earlier this year, provided a $300 million net cash inflow for the first 9 months of the year. These and other net cash flows resulted in a $3.8 billion cash balance at September 30. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the first 9 months of 2012 were 810.1 million, and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 810.8 million. Diluted shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were approximately 810.1 million. And lastly, our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 16%. Copies of the press release announcing our third quarter earnings and the investor relations supplemental schedules are available on our website at www.oxy.com or through the SEC's EDGAR system. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Steve Chazen to discuss an update on our strategy, our operations and also provide guidance for the fourth quarter of the year.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Cynthia. Oxy's domestic oil and gas segment produced record volumes for the eighth consecutive quarter and continued to execute in our liquids production growth strategy. In the third quarter, domestic production of 469,000 barrel equivalents per day, consisting of 334,000 barrels of liquids and 812 million cubic feet of gas per day, was an increase of 7,000 barrel equivalents per day compared with the second quarter of 2012. The increase in domestic production over the second quarter of 2012, almost entirely in oil, which grew from 249,000 barrels a day to 260,000. Gas production declined 28 million cubic feet of gas per day on a sequential quarterly basis, mainly in California, some of which was due to the initial startup issues of the new gas plant that Cynthia mentioned. Compared with the third quarter of 2011, our domestic production grew by 8%, or 33,000 barrels a day, of which 30,000 a day was oil production growth. Our annualized return on equity for the first 9 months of 2012 was 15% and return on capital employed was 13%. As we near the end of 2012, I want to take this opportunity to reflect on our strategy, our progress and our future. As a company, we continue to have 3 main objectives: Generate rates of return on invested capital significantly in excess of our cost of capital, achieve moderate growth of the business and deliver continued dividend growth. With regards to returns, we don't believe that a depleting or shrinking business or selling profitable future opportunities to fund high-decline production can yield high rates of return. One can reduce spending to achieve short-term higher returns, but these returns would not be sustainable as the company would deplete. Our business model is to balance the need for growth of the business, while maintaining attractive returns. We are currently in an investing phase in many of our businesses, where higher-than-normal portion of our capital is spent on longer-term projects. This year we expect to spend approximately 25% of our total capital expenditures on future growth projects that will contribute to our operations over the next several years. These expenditures include: Capital for the Al Hosn Shah gas project, which we expect to start production in late 2014; capital for gas and CO2 processing plants and pipelines to maintain or expand the capacity of these facilities to handle future production increases; part of the capital for the chemical segment and other items. In our oil and gas business, we have built a portfolio of assets that allow us to execute this strategy. Domestically and internationally, we have a business mix of both higher return assets and higher growth assets. Importantly, many of our higher growth assets are relatively early in their development, although we have already experienced meaningful success. In the U.S., our Permian CO2 operations continue to be our most profitable business, generating the highest free cash flow after capital among our entire portfolio of assets. In contrast, our Permian non-CO2 business is one of the fastest growing assets in our entire portfolio. Since we've began significant delineation and development efforts in late 2010, we have grown production by over 25%. As a result of the significant activity by us and our partners, our Permian acreage, where we believe resource development is likely, has grown from our estimate of about 3 million gross acres earlier in the year to about 4.8 million acres in October. Oxy's share of this acreage grew from about 1 million acres to about 1.7 million acres during the same period. The attached conference call presentation slide shows our current acreage position in the Permian. In California, we have a very large acreage position with diverse geological characteristic and numerous reservoir targets. As a result, development opportunities range from conventional to steam floods, to water floods and shale drilling. The drilling cost and expected ultimate recoveries also vary for each area. In mid-2010, we shifted our development program to conventional and unconventional opportunities outside the traditional and more mature Elk Hills areas. As a result, we have experienced strong production growth in these new areas, although traditional Elk Hills had experienced some decline. As you can see on the attached conference call presentation slide, traditional Elk Hills production dropped from 41,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter of 2010 to 37,000 in the third quarter of 2012. Liquids production growth in the rest of California more than offset this decline during the same period, growing from 49,000 barrels a day to 69,000. Traditional Elk Hills gas production declined from 22,000 equivalent barrels per day to 19,000 during the same period, which was mostly offset by an increase in gas production in the rest of California from 21,000 equivalent barrels a day to 23,000. Recently, we further modified our programs to emphasize oil production in light of depressed gas prices and associated liquids. As a result, gas production in all of California declined in the third quarter of this year. Total California growth on a BOE basis is slower than we thought it would be, in part due to the higher-than-expected declines at Elk Hills, permitting issues, and more recently, low gas prices. On a positive note, overall performance of the new resources has been consistent with expectations, including our unconventional opportunities, for which well performance is similar to the type curves we showed you a couple of years ago. I would also note that over the last several years, we spent $370 million on the new Elk Hills gas plant. The plant went into operation in early July and, not withstanding initial startup issues, is positively affecting our operational efficiency and production, including higher liquids yields. The plant operated optimally for about 1 month in the last quarter and has been operating as expected since. We will continue to focus on higher return, low-cost opportunities in California, and as I mentioned, this is a very diverse opportunity set. For example, one of the projects we haven't talked about much in the past is a major steam flood project in Lost Hills. We expect to achieve significant production growth, about 15,000 barrels a day in several years, from the current 4,000 barrel a day rate. Total oil in place is estimated to be about 500 million barrels. Using reasonable assumptions, we expect to recover over 50 million barrels net to Oxy. Our drilling cost in this area average in the low $200,000 per well, and we expect to bring this average cost down over time. In the Williston basin in North Dakota, we currently have over 310,000 net acres of significant resource potential, which we estimate to be about 250 million net barrels. Our production in the basin has tripled since we entered the area over 1.5 years ago. We have recently slowed our drilling activity and significantly reduced our rig count in the basin as a result of cost pressures. While well costs have subsequently declined modestly, we will only increase our rig count when costs come down enough to make returns competitive with the rest of our portfolio. We believe that over the long term, our resource base in the Williston basin represents a significant opportunity for the company. In the Mid-Continent, including our assets in South Texas, we have significantly reduced our gas drilling. However, we could ramp up our gas production rapidly and meaningfully if prices for gas and liquids improved from their current level on a sustained basis. Internationally, our most significant businesses are in the Middle East region, where our operations are characterized by limited duration contracts with high rates return on invested capital during the contract term. Our primary focus in the Middle East is United Arab Emirates, Oman and Qatar, which includes Dolphin. Most of our international capital is allocated to these countries, and we derive a very substantial portion of our international earnings and free cash flow after capital from Qatar and Oman. Going forward, the UAE, where we are developing the Al Hosn gas project, is also expected to make a significant contribution to earnings and free cash flow. The Al Hosn gas project is approximately 61% complete and is progressing as planned. The project made up about 11% of our total capital program for the first 9 months of this year. While capital spending is running higher for 2012 than our initially anticipated levels, total development capital for the project is expected to be in line with previous estimates. Currently, the Al Hosn project is consuming sizable amounts of capital during its development phase. We expect to see a significant shift in late 2014, when the project changes from being a cash consumer to a cash generator. Once the project becomes operational, early free cash flow should generate -- should be approximately $600 million annually at roughly current oil prices and conservative sulfur prices. The project has the potential for additional production in later years, which would significantly increase its cash flow. We're going to spend approximately $1.2 billion on the Al Hosn project this year. Once the project becomes operational, our free cash flow should increase by the difference in the capital -- between capital consumption and generation. Based on our 2012 capital spend for the project, this would equate to a $1.8 billion increase in our annual cash flow. Lastly, we are focusing on improving our returns through a comprehensive effort to reduce operating expenses and improve capital efficiency. As we indicated in the past, our operating costs have been increasing for some time for a variety of reasons: including industry inflation; our desire to take advantage of high product prices by accelerating production through workovers, which pay for themselves over a short period of time; and our recent rapid growth, which has caused some short-term inefficiencies. We are embarking on an aggressive plan to improve our operational efficiencies over all cost categories, including capital, with a view to achieve an appreciable reduction in our operating expenses and our drilling cost to at least last year's levels. We believe that we will start seeing the benefit of this plan clearly in the first quarter of 2013 and achieve last year's cost levels by the end of the next year on a run rate basis. Several initiatives have already begun, and we are seeing good early results. For example, during the third quarter, we reduced our drilling cost by over 15% in parts of Elk Hills. Our goal next year is to reduce U.S. well costs by about this amount. I will now turn to guidance for the fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter capital spending will slow from the third quarter level to a run rate that we believe will be in line with next year's total capital program. Our intention was to reduce capital spending meaningfully starting in the third quarter. However, this would have resulted in inefficiency in areas where we were seeing positive results, such as the Permian, parts of California and Oman. As we discussed in prior quarters, we are sharply reducing our pure gas drilling and have more recently cut back our drilling in certain liquids-rich areas as well. We are also in the process of eliminating our less productive rigs to improve our returns. Our focus on much higher-return oil drilling will result in a decline in our gas, and to a much lesser extent, NGL production in the future. Turning to production expectations in the fourth quarter. Over the last year, we achieved our goal of increasing domestic production by 6,000 to 8,000 barrels equivalent per day quarter-over-quarter. We expect our fourth quarter oil production to grow by about this much. However, the expected decline in gas production, resulting from the change in our capital program focus I discussed earlier, may offset some of the increased oil production on an equivalent barrels per day basis. Internationally, at current prices we expect production to be approximately flat with the third quarter, while sales volumes will increase slightly. We expect fourth quarter exploration expense to be about $100 million for seismic and drilling in our exploration program. The fourth quarter is typically the chemical segment's weakest quarter. We estimate fourth quarter earnings will be about $140 million, or slightly lower than the third quarter. Along with seasonal factors, weak global demand from the European and Asian economies and rising natural gas costs will keep pressure on the margins. We expect the worldwide tax rate for the fourth quarter in 2012 to increase to about 40% to 41%. In closing, we believe that we have a deep portfolio of development opportunities that will allow us to continue to deliver returns that are 5 to 6 points above our cost of capital. Total return to our shareholders is a combination of appreciation in stock price and dividends. We have long believed that the job of management is to convert earnings that are retained into stock market value. For example, if we retain $1 billion, we should be able to give the shareholders at least $1 billion increase in the market value of the company. Historically, we have generated closer to $1.5 in value for each $1 kept. This is a challenging proposition over time as the company continues to grow. An old Wall Street maxim is that, "The market is a voting machine over the short term, but a weighing machine over time." We hope that this is true, as we firmly believe that our program of investing in a longer-than-usual, for us, timeframe will reap rewards for our shareholders. If for some reason, our investment plans do not generate acceptable stock market results over the next few months, we will return more of our retained earnings to our shareholders. We have increased our dividends at a compounded rate of 15.8% over the last 10 years through 11 dividend increases. We expect to increase our dividends again next year and in the future at a rate that would maximize return to our shareholders. I think we're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Doug Terreson of ISI.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Your emphasis on returns on capital was pretty clear from today's comments. And on this point, I wanted to better understand the point about achieving 2011 cost levels by the end of '13. First is, is that the correct interpretation? And if so, does that imply the pretax cost savings will be above $1 billion, maybe $1.5 billion? And if so, are there some specific compartments from which those cost savings will emanate that you can highlight to us today?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, there's 2 elements of the cost saving. One is operating cost. And I think it's fairly straightforward to take the current $15 rate and subtract from last year's number and multiply by 275 million barrels, which is roughly the annual production. That will give you an idea of sort of the savings. I hope to beat that, frankly. We should be able to, but I think that's what we're going to say for now. There may be some G&A savings too, but we haven't really baked that in. On the capital, I think it's fairly straightforward to say that the capital program for the U.S. business, if we say 15% on wells, the capital for the U.S. business will decline sort of by that amount. So with the cash flow savings, you're right about where that will be. We may decline the U.S. business by more than that, frankly. But it just depends on how well they're converting dollars into returns. We can delay drilling where the returns aren't as good as we would like, and I'm going to be more aggressive in the capital program than I've been in the last year. So a lot more negative feedback to the unit. So I think you should look to lower capital levels next year for the U.S. business. International business is a little more complicated because a lot of that's really not in our control, but similar levels. About the only increased area I see is in the midstream, where we're going to build a pipeline from our gathering system and our pipelines in the West Texas to the Houston area, and that will cost us about $400 million. And we hope to capture a fair amount of the differential and improve our returns that way. But we're going to focus a lot more starting this quarter but in the quarters ahead, on improving the returns and translating more of the volume growth into profits.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Steve, I've got a couple, if I may. The first one is really on your very last comment about -- I don't want to paraphrase you too badly here, but if your current strategy doesn't translate to shareholder returns or better shareholder return to the share price, I guess, you're going to take a different track. Can I just ask you to elaborate on that a little bit, because obviously, there has been, as you're well aware, material underperformance of the stock. And I'm just wondering how tolerant you're going to be of that on a go-forward basis before...
Stephen I. Chazen: Not too tolerant, I think is the short answer. I don't know whether -- I don't know the form it will take. But dividends are the easiest form because that way everybody knows. They actually get the check. If the stock is trading at crummy levels, there'll be more emphasis on share repurchase than we've done historically. But my tolerance level is modest. If we don't see -- if I don't see real improvements in the returns in the next couple of quarters, strategy will change.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. My follow-up is really, as you're well aware there's been a fair amount of -- I'm not going to call it misinformation, but there's been a lot of questions on, specifically, around the California assets, given perhaps the fact that you haven't given a lot of disclosure. I'm curious, when you talk about reallocating capital, if your type curves are still per your presentation in 2010 and your liquids mix is as per your presentation and of course, your costs presumably, are down, and now you've got the gas plant, I could go on and on and on about all the things that have lined up here. It seems to us anyway that those have got to be some of the more compelling returns in the portfolio. So I'll just ask you to explain, why are you not getting after that a little more aggressively, now that you've got the gas plant in place, the cost down and so on, and accumulated permits in place? And I'll leave it at that.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. The permitting process, well, is working pretty well in the fields, that is the existing fields. Extending beyond the fields is still slow. And so, and some of the plants -- there's some air quality permits that are slow in coming. The permitting process is a lot better, say, in Elk Hills field or Buena Vista field or some of the other fields. Outside of the field, it's still slower than it used to be. The only way I can assure that there's -- getting the squeal out of every dollar that they spend, is to tighten their capital, rather than give them more money. And so they will probably suffer less in the capital tightening, but they can still take their costs down considerably. And the more capital -- I don't know how to say it, but discourages prudent spending. So I think their capital program will not be as affected as some others, but will still be affected some. And there are clearly some efficiencies that are needed there. I think they're operating costs are way too high, and they need to bring their operating cost by a whole bunch. And I understand that -- and to some extent, I'm pushed and pulled. I got half the shareholders think I should spend $2 billion a year on capital, and the other half think I should spend $20 billion a year. So I'm trying to maybe probably unsuccessfully sort of weave our way through that. But I think that -- if this thing doesn't -- if they don't get their operating cost down, which is what I'm most focused on, because that translates immediately to profits, then I'm going to continue to tighten there, and there'll be some other changes there in the business unit. The same thing, frankly, in the Permian, where their operating costs are still too high. And the operating costs affect the profits right away and affects our cash flow right away. The capital affects it over time and our drilling -- we're simplifying our program, we'll be drilling fewer, different types of wells next year, and that should make us more efficient. I think we can improve the capital efficiency a fair amount. But where I'm looking for it is, is in the operating costs because there I can affect it more quickly. And if they don't do it soon, there's going to be widespread changes in the operation.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Let me ask you a very quick follow-up. There seems to be a perception that you've got something, pardon me for being direct, but you've got something to hide in California with your failure to be more transparent. Would you care to address that? And then I'll leave it at that.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, sure. I think the way -- I've tried to think about how to show this. We're effectively the only one drilling in California. So you can't look at somebody else, which is what you can do in the Permian or something like that. We show you the actual -- again this quarter, we take out old Elk Hills and we show you the growth in the other business. That's really the best way to look at the total business. The acquisition program doesn't add much in California because there really isn't any volumes to buy. And so that's growing at a very high rate, and if that were a standalone business, you would think it was terrific. This is the best way to show what's going on. There's really nothing to hide. We aren't drilling as many shale wells as somebody would like. And the reason is, and it goes back to this capital efficiency question, if I could bore you for a second. A shale well has a very high decline rate, maybe 30%, 40% the first year, maybe more. Okay, so I could boost this year's production by drilling a bunch of shale wells. But in order to keep the production flat next year, my capital program has to go up, because I got to drill more wells. I mean -- and so that goes against the capital efficiency that people are looking for, and the free cash flow. So I'm trying to do more conventional drilling, which has a lesser decline rate, to keep the capital from bloating in California, and I don't want it to bloat. There's really nothing to hide, and we show you this number excluding Elk Hills. The disappointment has been at Elk Hills, where the decline rate has been worse than we thought. And maybe the gas plant will make it better, maybe it won't. It's doing fine now, and we'll just have to see. But there's really nothing to hide. I disclosed the Lost Hills numbers for a reason. In some report somebody sent me, I don't know where it came from, the guy estimated that the Lost Hills wells were costing $3 million each. They cost roughly $200,000 each. So either the guy doesn't know anything about California or it was deliberately designed to make the numbers for the total of California look worse. Did somebody think we would drill 120 wells that had a $250 breakeven? So we disclosed that. And if you either take Lost Hills out of the numbers or put the right numbers in there, it doesn't really look so bad. While we could track the number of wells that were in that report, we couldn't track the other numbers that he used. So I don't think there's anything to hide. We've shown you what in aggregate is going on, which is all you really should care about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Westlake of Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess I'll try another one on California. And I know that's just because obviously there have been a lot of research reports that may or may not have been correct. So you say that you have to reduce costs before you want to put more assets to work. I mean, is that a concern that you have of the average IPs, they're not as good as you are hoping? I mean, is there any statistical well data you could share with us this morning?
Stephen I. Chazen: It isn't really the IP rates. The IP rates have actually gotten better. The operating costs has reduced the margins to a point where they're going to overspend on operating costs, and it doesn't make sense to encourage that. And so we're not going to -- with the reductions in the capital program, in the cost of the wells that they say they can achieve, and that they will achieve, they'll be able to drill more wells for the same money, which is the true objective. The leases aren't going anywhere. So that's where -- I'm a steward for this money. I'm not -- the goal is not volume growth per se, but profit growth. And we focused on volume growth and the profit growth sort of went away. So that's not -- and California is a big piece of the total. And you can't change the company without improving California. So for the near term -- oil guys, I think, I tell people this all the time only half jokingly, can only work on one thing at a time. So if you tell them you want volume growth, they'll give you volume growth, but some of the other stuff doesn't show up. And if you say, well, what I want is something else, it's only one thing at a time. So I guess I'm going to have to be more agile in giving them objectives. Maybe I have to give quarterly objectives, not annual ones. But the operating costs that they're running in California doesn't make any sense to me. They were running a lot less, half, 2 years ago. And they need to be back to that. If they do that, they'll have plenty of capital to drill the wells.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And then a follow-up on the CapEx side. I mean, this is focused more in the midstream. $1.4 billion, I guess, this year, which is obviously ramped up. Some of that's Shah, some of it's integrity in the domestic business. But as you look at your plans, and I think you said that CapEx will go up next year because you want to build this additional pipe. But is there a year at which that, as you look at the forward plans, that you've done enough of that spend, and it will fall to free up some free cash as well?
Stephen I. Chazen: I would -- once we're through this pipeline and the Al Hosn project, the spending on the plant will basically end in 2014. It will fall the next year. Because you shift from a plant phase to a drilling phase. So the actual spending on Al Hosn will decline some next year and more on the following year as you go from drilling to building out the plant. I think Chris showed you a picture of the plant in the presentation there. This is not a small plant. So it's going to take -- so spending will decline some on the plant next year, and by the following year, it will be down considerably. And we'll be through with the pipeline next year. It's a 1-year program, really. So that will fall off pretty sharply. Unless there turns out to be -- you should understand that if this arbitrage continues, where you can buy oil in our pipeline system at $85 and sell it on the Gulf Coast at $100, we'll probably spend more gathering other people's oil and shipping it through our lines, and that's -- until we do enough of it that the arbitrage goes away.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Steve, that was very interesting and your words were interesting about, quite specifically, if things don't change within the next few months, which came not long after you had said how the market is a voting and weighing machine depending on your timeframe. Are you saying that if the stock price doesn't improve over the -- relative performance doesn't improve over the next few months, you would essentially radically change the strategy, if you like, the long-term strategy? Or are you saying that if you don't get the cost improvements over the next few months, you would radically change your strategy?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, I think we're saying some of each. If the relative performance doesn't improve, then we'll return more money to the shareholders, one way or another.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Relative stock performance?
Stephen I. Chazen: Relative stock performance. I think it's also useful to note that we have a 75% or so correlation to WTI as a stock, which is a lot more than other people. So to some extent, some of it's caused by the decline in WTI, I think. But putting that aside, the costs are how I intend to make the performance of the stock do better. So you got to say, what's the tool to make it so? The tool is bringing the costs under control and improving the profitability. If that doesn't work, that is to say, the profitability improves and the stock continues to be a dog, then we'll have to rethink the whole thing.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: To use your words, that the stock's been a dog over the past year, I'm not sure why you haven't, for example, A, changed the dividend most recently, but B, why there's been so little buyback in the recent months?
Stephen I. Chazen: The buyback is -- basically when we know what the earnings are, we stop buying back. And so a lot of the decline, for whatever reason, shows up in the month before the earnings call. But buybacks are, as far as raising the dividend, we raise it once a year. And it's, whatever, 16% compounded growth in the dividend over a decade, starting not from 0 like some companies. So I don't know what the complaint would be. But fundamentally, dividends are raised once a year once we -- and it goes with setting the program. So we go to the board, we set the program, we figure how much we're going to spend and we figure out how much the dividends go with it. So it's all done together. I think doing the dividends in a vacuum doesn't give the board the kind of oversight that it should have.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: No, I guess my point was that your balance sheet would suggest you could do both. I mean, you could be buying back stock aggressively as well as pursuing the cost.
Stephen I. Chazen: We could.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Now in the past, you've talked about, I guess this is going to be a pretty obvious answer, but in the past, you said you have a vision of the value of the stock on any given day. And I think what you're saying obviously is that you feel it's poorly valued relative to what you think it's really worth. But again, I still don't understand why the buyback has been so muted, given that.
Stephen I. Chazen: The buyback is done on a formula basis. And if -- at the current levels, our current levels this morning anyway, when I woke up, you get one set of numbers at higher levels, you basically buy less back. If you look at the -- we don't look at relative performance when we do the share buyback. The share buyback is against absolute value. And so the lower the stock falls, the more shares are bought back.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. And then finally for me, it sounds like the action you would take would be a radical, let's say radical, I don't know if that's the right word, financial approach, probably cutting CapEx aggressively, probably significantly raising the dividend, possibly buying back stock. Is there an alternate strategy that would be, for example, to split the company, sell the company, anything in the other direction?
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't know if anybody's got enough money to buy it.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Then I'll ask about splitting.
Stephen I. Chazen: Splitting, you got to be -- if you split it, you really have to have assets that would be valued materially differently than the overall. And it's very difficult right now to see -- I don't know what an international business would trade for. So I think that before you go down the splitting the company route, you got to see whether -- you got to see whether you can bring your costs under control.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the last, very last one for me, would you consider special dividends or do you want to make those a regular?
Stephen I. Chazen: Regular dividends work better.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, just kind of following up on that last point there. So if there's the possibility, if the underperformance continues, that you cut CapEx and raise the cash returns to shareholders, I mean, the Al Hosn project, that CapEx is going to be what it's going to be. You've added acreage in the Permian. You've added acreage in the Bakken. You've got a huge acreage position in California. Presumably, it doesn't make sense to just sit on these assets. Asset sales, joint ventures, bringing in others to drill this stuff, is that part of the plan? Practically speaking, what does it really mean to cut CapEx when you've been building up these big acreage positions over the years?
Stephen I. Chazen: In the poorer performing or the lower opportunity areas, you might think of doing something like that. In the stuff that's got long term, very strong potentially, you don't really want to sell your futures. So but you could cut the cap -- for example, you could cut the capital. We haven't really added much acreage in the Permian. All we're showing you here is that the areas that we think that have resource potential have grown. We haven't really bought the acreage. That's just recharacterizing what we own. You don't know, but you don't really -- if you have stuff that has long-term potential, you don't really want to sell your futures, if you can avoid it. But if you looked and you said, well, okay, for the next -- you could cut the -- the U.S. business, especially long-term leases or ownership outright, you could cut the capital, and then as the Al Hosn project comes on in a couple of years, suddenly you got a $1.8 billion swing, and so you could bring your capital, you could use some of that then. So I view it as sort of a deferral mechanism, rather than just sort of cutting it. But if they can't -- if they can't generate the returns in some of the assets, we might farm some out to people who might operate more efficiently.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Absolutely. So I know you've worked on the organization over the years. And I think it was a couple of years ago, you were pretty honest about -- classically, you guys are an EOR company, not a shale drilling company. You're now kind of, again, going after that same operational execution ability. Do you have to acquire a company that can do this stuff for you? I mean...
Stephen I. Chazen: No, I don't think so. It was 2 years ago, we had this exact conversation in New York. And I said that, we were shifting the business from a -- for want of a better word, an EOR/acquisition company to something that was more operational and more traditional. And I said that was not going to be easy, and I was right. And we've lowered -- I don't know how to say it, the average experience level, I guess is the politically correct way of saying it, of the people. And so some more mistakes have been made than might otherwise have been made. But I think we're getting there, I hope we're getting there. I'm just in a hurry because I'm older than the average. So it's taken longer and been more difficult to change the organization to operational efficiency. One of the issues we have is, outside the United States, our competitors have names like Shell and Exxon and BP, and they operate differently than a small company might operate. We spend a sizable percentage of our capital on environmental, health and safety issues, similar probably to the percentages that Exxon or somebody like that would in both the U.S. and internationally. The smaller producers simply probably doesn't do that. And so we're never going to be the absolute best, because of the fact we're more environmentally focused than some small producer can be. On the other hand, we can be a lot better than we are. And it's been more difficult, there's no question about it, and it's come -- I knew it would be difficult. And we've made a number of changes in the people that are running the assets, brought more aggressive people, and if need be, we'll make more changes.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just the final one on this point, Steve. I think for any larger company, there's really no great examples of being able to grow at a fast rate and generating good returns. Sometimes over a few years, luck happens and it can happen. But you've had a 5% to 8% growth objective, you've historically had top quartile returns on capital, is this really just an acknowledgment that having both of those goals is just not possible and you are picking returns right now?
Stephen I. Chazen: Pretty much a lot of the growth is baked in for the next few years with the capital we've invested. But we need to do it with returns. It isn't just about volume growth. At some point in size, the need for capital becomes so -- a typical E&P today, whatever they say, I mean, they may sell assets to fund it, is spending, I don't know, 150% of its cash flow on capital. We obviously aren't spending anywhere near that nor would we. So you can't grow as quickly as they do. We spend more on capital as a percentage than are generated [ph]. So it's attempt to do both. I don't know where you come out in the percentages. Obviously, if we said, well, we're going to grow 15% a year, that wouldn't be something we could do. But we need to grow at a moderate rate, because I think the business -- if you don't grow at least some and on a regular basis, I don't mean by saying, well, in 2014 -- in 2017, we're on track for our 2017 program. We're going to grow in 2017, meanwhile we're going to deplete 5% a year. That's not what I call growth. But regular growth, you have a hard time attracting people, investors tend not to like it, they tend to compare you to basically depleting businesses. So you got to have a fair amount of growth. I don't know what the right percentage is. Right now, it's 5% to 8%. We're running really about 5%, currently. And there'll be a boost in 2015 from the Al Hosn project, which will bring the growth rate up. Over a long term, we're not going to just make the -- if you continue to drill high-decline wells, your capital will soar, because if your wells are declining 30%, 40%, you need huge amounts of cash to keep -- to replace the 40% and grow. And so we're shifting the program to more stable things so we can keep the capital under control. And that's really what we're doing underneath the hood, if you were to look at it that way. Instead of drilling as many high-decline wells, we're drilling more -- we're doing more stuff that has a lesser decline rate, which is what we historically did.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Portillo of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a few quick questions for me. You mentioned that on the release, the Q4 CapEx. And I was just curious if you could give us a specific number that you're looking at for Q4 CapEx?
Stephen I. Chazen: Since my reliability on this has been crummy, the only thing I'll give you is that in September, we ran about 785, and we're coming -- on a month, that's a monthly number. And it's coming down from that as the wells come -- as it comes down. So that would give you sort of a feel for it. And I think that's a -- I've missed it so many quarters, I'd just as soon not miss it one more.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Sure. And then just on the M&A front, could you talk a little bit about the M&A market today and kind of your interest level? It sounds like -- kind of with the packages in the market today, there may not be that much interest, but just curious on your views.
Stephen I. Chazen: We always look at stuff in our core areas. Really right now, the only area I would call core right now is the Permian. There's a rush to do -- by private people, to do something by the end of the year, lest their tax rates go up. There might be some things, but they would be oily and basically in the Permian, if there was anything. There's some other stuff going around, it's pretty gassy. And I'm not sure we would do that. The market is not good for sellers particularly. It may not be good for buyers either, but it's definitely not good for sellers. So especially for larger packages, I think you can do a $100 million deal and get 25 people to bid. At $500 million, you're lucky if you attract one. And I think that's really where the market is today, where there's money for small deals and really no money for large deals. The larger being $500 million deals. We don't have any appetite for large-scale M&A. We've said that for several quarters.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And just a last question for me. Could we get just, I guess, a quick update on maybe where your rig count is roughly in the Permian, California and Mid-Con, Bakken? And then as we think about that 2013 program, can you give us just a rough direction on maybe where those are heading, either up or down, just directionally trying to get a better sense of that capital allocation?
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't -- as far as next year goes, we sent the team back several times, as you could probably tell from the tone of my voice. So I'd hate to talk about what next year is going to look like at this point. We've cut back materially, I think in the -- Bill, in the Williston, how many rigs are you running?
William E. Albrecht: We have 4 running right now, Steve.
Stephen I. Chazen: And we peaked at?
William E. Albrecht: We peaked at 14.
Stephen I. Chazen: 14, so that gives you a feel for the Williston. California, it varies a lot. We might drop -- and the type of rigs run. And so we're running about...
William E. Albrecht: 20 in California.
Stephen I. Chazen: About 20, about 20 in California. Permian also, there's been some rigs dropped, and we peaked at?
William E. Albrecht: Peaked at around 32.
Stephen I. Chazen: And we're sort of 1/2 that.
William E. Albrecht: We're at 21 now.
Stephen I. Chazen: 21. Okay.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And is that just a function of kind of where we are in the capital spend for this year? Or is that really, as we think about your program, and I know that you said you continue to go back to the drawing board. But just trying to get a sense of, is that activity going to accelerate a little bit into next year or you're pretty happy with the level?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think the way I'm thinking about it at this point is, is that more or less, going into next year, it's going to look like this. My current plan would be to withhold a fair amount of capital from the units, that is drilling at these levels. Until I can see which units are doing well and which ones are not. And those that do well will get some more rigs to run, and those that don't, won't. And so I think going into the first quarter, you'll see sort of this level because that's the way we sort of manage it at this point. Beyond that, we'll just see.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm just trying to reconcile some of the comments you made on California. My understanding is the opportunity in California for you is supposed to have amongst the lowest breakeven sort of oil prices in those sort of projects, or those sort of wells that you're drilling, but CapEx is running about $2 billion a year. You seem to say, you're having higher declines in Elk Hills and costs in California are higher, and it seems like you're trying to rein in some of those costs. So what is it that's -- if this is such a great opportunity, what is the -- is it now what you thought it was 2 years ago when you first started out on the program?
Stephen I. Chazen: The operating costs have doubled.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So is the resource opportunity not the same also?
Stephen I. Chazen: No. The resource opportunity's the same. It's the cost to extract it. And if you thought that was fundamental, that's one thing. And then you say, well, okay. But it's not, I think it's fixable.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Does that mean the F&D cost that you kind of talked about maybe a couple years ago, of $5 a barrel, $10 a barrel, are more like closer to $20 right now in the current environment?
Stephen I. Chazen: They're below $20. But they've come up with the well costs. And so they need to bring those down closer to where we were, and they need to bring their operating costs down. And the only way to do that is not to give more money to drill wells, even though the wells are economic, more than economic. Gas prices here are a little higher than the rest of the country and oil prices are higher. To throw more money at it is simply the wrong solution.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Sure, I understand that. And the rig count in California is 20 rigs now? Weren't you at 35 kind of a little bit earlier in the year? So it sounds like you've done like an about-face on that program.
William E. Albrecht: It was around 30.
Stephen I. Chazen: Around 30.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So within a short period of time, you've cut 10 rigs out of the operation?
Stephen I. Chazen: Because we didn't like the cost of the wells.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And once again, the type of wells that you're drilling, this is all kind of the same depth, homogeneous sort of opportunities? Or is it kind of different opportunities spread across?
Stephen I. Chazen: It's different opportunities. And again, as I said earlier, we shifted the program to lower decline wells.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So I mean, the shale program that you guys had outlined before has kind of been pulled back?
Stephen I. Chazen: Some, not a lot.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And the exploration program that you guys were running in California?
Stephen I. Chazen: The exploration program has been slowed by the permitting process. We're well behind on the exploration program, by the way. So we're 2 years behind where we thought we'd be.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then if I were to look at your returns on capital employed, you're talking about a 13% sort of number for 2012. How would that split between international and domestic?
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't know. International generates higher returns on capital employed. And that's really -- that's how the company is structured. I said it from the beginning, the high returns on invested capital come out of the international business the highest. And in domestic business -- because the leases are forever and then the oil in the international business are basically cut off by the life of the contract, so the upside, if you will, in the reservoirs over time and the long-term product price goes largely to the country, but you generate good returns meanwhile. Domestically, you get to keep all that. So you generate more money domestically, but the returns are less. And that's the balance in the company, and that's how you generate the above-average returns compared to an E&P which are well into the mid-single digits.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then the last question for me, so going into next year, given this focus on returns and given where the rig count is, do you still think you can grow production year-over-year?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes.
Operator: Your final question comes from John Herrlin of Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Just a few quick ones. You've been complaining about returns now for several quarters. Why weren't you more proactive with the organization, or why do you, it just takes them that long to react?
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't know. I don't know why I wasn't -- it wasn't that I didn't try, it just didn't -- apparently it didn't translate.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay, that's fine.
Stephen I. Chazen: And I've made some changes in the management structure.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Yes. Regarding the Permian, you had about a 36% working interest. Given the potential there, why not higher, because it seems like it's probably kind of your historic level?
Stephen I. Chazen: Sorry?
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: With the Permian acreage, your working interest was about 36%.
Stephen I. Chazen: Oh, I see. The gross and net using the play acreage.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Yes, correct. Why not higher, because it seems like it's probably more your historic level?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. It would be nice if it were higher. We acquired some properties in the last couple of years in the areas that we historically hadn't been active, and those tended to be smaller interest. So you wound up with a lower average working interest in the new plays, and that's really -- it's just a result. We would like to have higher interest. In the end, when you drill a well, you might wind up with a higher interest, by the way.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Sure. Last one for me is on the Bakken. You've also kind of complained about those operations as well. Is that really critical to you going forward long term?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think in the remarks, I pointed out the large amount of resource base there. I believe that the product prices on a relative basis have improved recently. One of the issues is at least partially on its way to resolution. The other issue is, that the wells cost too much, and we need large-scale reductions in the cost. If we can get the large-scale reductions then the assets clearly -- an asset we could -- that will be fine. If you can't achieve the large-scale reductions in costs that are required, then it's something for study.
Operator: And with that, I will hand the floor back over to Christopher Stavros for closing remarks.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thanks everyone for dialing in this afternoon. And I expect you'll be calling us here in New York. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher G. Stavros - Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations James M. Lienert - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director William E. Albrecht - President Edward Arthur Lowe - Vice President and President of Oxy Oil and Gas -International Production
Analysts: Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Eliot Javanmardi - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Christopher Stavros. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thanks, Christie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Occidental Petroleum's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles are Stephen Chazen, Oxy's President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Lienert, Oxy's Chief Financial Officer; Bill Albrecht, President of Oxy's Oil and Gas Business in the Americas; and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Operations. In just a moment, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Jim Lienert, who will review our financial and operating results for this year's second quarter. Steve Chazen will then follow with comments on our performance and update on our capital program and production for 2012 and including our outlook for the second half of this year. Our second quarter 2012 earnings press release, investor relations supplemental schedules, conference call presentation slides, which refer to both Jim's and Steve's remarks, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Jim Lienert. Jim, please go ahead.
James M. Lienert: Thank you, Chris. Net income was $1.3 billion or $1.64 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2012 compared to $1.8 billion or $2.23 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2011 and $1.6 billion or $1.92 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2012. All the drop in the second quarter earnings compared to the first quarter of 2012 was attributable to the decline in commodity prices. Worldwide oil and domestic gas and NGL prices were significantly lower during the quarter. Here's a segment breakdown for the second quarter. Oil and gas segment earnings for the second quarter of 2012 were $2 billion compared with $2.5 billion in the first quarter of 2012 and $2.6 billion in the second quarter of 2011. In the oil and gas segment, the second quarter 2012 daily production was 766,000 barrels, the highest volume in the company's history for the second consecutive quarter and was up 7% from the same period of 2011. Our total domestic production was 462,000 barrels per day, the seventh consecutive domestic quarterly volume record for the company. Our total domestic production was 9% higher than the second quarter of 2011. Latin America volumes were 33,000 barrels per day. Colombia's production of 31,000 barrels a day improved 7,000 barrels a day from the first quarter of 2012 due to significantly lower levels of insurgent activity in the second quarter. In the Middle East region, volumes were 271,000 barrels per day. In Oman, the second quarter production was 72,000 barrels per day, 2,000 barrels lower than the first quarter volumes. In Qatar, the second quarter production was 74,000 barrels per day, 2,000 barrels higher than the first quarter volumes. For Dolphin and Bahrain combined, daily production increased 7,000 barrels from the first quarter, which included planned plant shutdowns in Dolphin. The rest of the Middle East/North Africa production decreased by 10,000 barrels per day. Oil prices and production sharing and similar contract factors did not significantly impact this quarter's production volumes compared to the previous quarter or the second quarter of 2011. Our second quarter sales volumes were 759,000 barrels per day, slightly lower than our production volumes due to the timing of liftings in the Middle East/North Africa. Second quarter 2012 realized prices were lower for our products compared to the first quarter of the year. Our worldwide crude oil realized price was $99.34 per barrel, a decrease of about 8%. Worldwide NGLs were $42.06 per barrel, a decrease of about 20%. And domestic natural gas prices were $2.09 per MCF, a decline of 26%. Second quarter 2012 realized prices were also lower than the second quarter 2011 prices for all our products. On a year-over-year basis, price decreases were 4% for the worldwide crude oil, 27% for worldwide NGLs and 51% for domestic natural gas. Realized oil prices for the quarter represented 106% of the average WTI and 91% of the average Brent price. Realized NGL prices were 45% of WTI, and realized domestic gas prices were 92% of the average NYMEX price. Price changes at current global prices affect our quarterly earnings before income taxes by $38 million for $1 per barrel change in oil prices and $8 million for $1 per barrel change in NGL prices. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices affects quarterly pretax earnings by about $35 million. These price change sensitivities include the impact of production sharing contract volume changes on income. Oil and gas cash production costs were $14.50 a barrel for the first 6 months of 2012 compared with last year's 12-month cost of $12.84 a barrel. The cost increase reflects higher well maintenance activity, in part reflecting our higher well count, higher work overactivity and higher support and injection costs. Taxes other than on income, which are directly related to product prices, were $2.46 per barrel for the first 6 months of 2012, similar to last year's comparable period. Second quarter exploration expense was $96 million. Chemical segment earnings for the second quarter of 2012 were $194 million compared to $184 million in the first quarter of 2012 and $253 million for the second quarter of 2011. The sequential quarterly improvement was due to improved PVC and VCM margins, driven primarily by lower ethylene cost. The year-over-year decrease was the result of lower domestic and export caustic volumes, lower VCM export demand and lower PVC and VCM export prices, partially offset by lower natural gas and ethylene costs. Midstream segment earnings were $77 million for the second quarter of 2012 compared to $131 million in the first quarter of 2012 and $187 million in the second quarter of 2011. The decline in earnings was mostly in the marketing and trading businesses, and to a lesser degree, in the gas plants, reflecting lower NGL prices, partially offset by improvements in the pipeline businesses. The worldwide effective tax rate was 40% for the second quarter of 2012. Our second quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the Investor Relations supplemental schedules. Cash flow from operations for the first 6 months of 2012 was $6 billion. We used $5.1 billion of the company's total cash flow to fund capital expenditures and $1 billion for acquisitions. Financial activities, which included dividends paid, stock buybacks and $1.75 billion borrowing during the quarter provided a net $800 million of cash flow. These and other net cash flows resulted in a $4.4 billion cash balance at June 30. Capital expenditures for the first 6 months of 2012 were $5.1 billion, of which $2.7 billion was spent in the second quarter. Year-to-date capital expenditures by segment were 82% in oil and gas, 15% in midstream and the remainder in chemicals. The Al Hosn Shah gas project made up about 11% of the total capital spending for the first 6 months of 2012. Our acquisitions for the first 6 months of 2012 were $1 billion, mostly consisting of bolt-on acquisitions in the Williston Basin, South Texas and the Permian. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the first 6 months of 2012 were 810.4 million and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 811.2 million. Fully diluted shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were approximately 810 million. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 16%. And at the end of the second quarter, we issued $1.75 billion of senior notes at a weighted average interest rate of 2.4%, which brought the company's average effective borrowing rate down to 3%. Copies of the press release announcing our second quarter earnings and the Investor Relations supplemental schedules are available on our website or through the SEC's EDGAR system. I will now turn the call over to Steve Chazen who will provide guidance for the second half of the year.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Jim. Occidental's second quarter 2012 production set an all-time record for the company for the second consecutive quarter. The domestic oil and gas segment produced record volumes for the seventh consecutive quarter. Second quarter domestic production of 462,000 barrel equivalents per day consisted of 322,000 barrels of liquids and 840 million cubic feet of gas per day. This was an increase of 7,000 barrel equivalents per day compared to the first quarter of 2012. About 86% of the domestic production growth of the first quarter of 2012, which was in -- was in liquids, which grew from 316,000 barrels a day to 322,000. Compared to the second quarter of 2011, our domestic production grew by 9% or 38,000 barrels a day, of which 25,000 barrels a day was liquids production growth and 79 million cubic feet a day was gas. Our annualized return on equity for the first 6 months of 2012 was 15%, and our return on capital employed was 13%. For our capital program, we are raising our estimate of the total year capital program to $9.2 billion from our previously announced level of $8.3 billion. Of the increase, about $600 million is for the Al Hosn Shah gas project, the remainder of the increase going to the rest of the oil and gas segment, primarily to non-operated properties where our forecasting ability is limited. We expect our capital spend rate to slow down modestly from the current levels during the back half of the year and stabilize in the fourth quarter. The Al Hosn gas project is approximately 49% complete and is progressing as planned. This project made up about 11% of our capital program for 6 months of this year. With spending continuing at current levels, we are increasing our anticipated spending for the remainder of 2012, as I just mentioned. However, total development capital for the project is expected to be in line with previous estimates. In our domestic operations, we expect our total average rig count at current levels of about 75 to go down to an average of 70 by the end of the year. However, with the mix of rigs, we'll shift among different regions related to changes in gas and NGL prices. With our production growth wedge firmly in place for the back half of the year, we will focus our efforts on improving our profitability. This includes an increased oil program rather than drilling gas/NGL wells. We are releasing and we'll continue to release underperforming rigs and crews. We will also work on improving our operating costs. These things are well within our ability to achieve. We expect to do more with less money in the rest of the year. California, we're continuing to see improvement with respect to permitting issues relative to last year. We received approved field level rules and new permits for both injection wells and drilling locations. The regulatory agency continues to be responsive and committed to working through the backlog of permits. The new Elk Hills gas plant, which went into operation early July, will positively affect our operational efficiency and production in the back half of the year. Turning to production expectations in the back half of the year. Over the past year, we have generally achieved our 6,000 to 8,000 barrel a day quarter-over-quarter domestic production increase. We expect that we will achieve the high end of this range increase throughout the rest of the year, which should give us an entry rate into the new year of at least 480,000 barrels a day. The increase will be spread among all of the domestic operations. Internationally, at current prices, we expect production to increase modestly for the rest of the year, depending on spending levels in Iraq. This includes the effect of a drop in production at Dolphin to about 40,000 barrels a day starting in the third quarter, resulting from the full cost recovery of the pre-startup capital over the first 5 years of production, which commenced in July 2007. We expect international sales volume in the third quarter of 2012 to be similar to the second quarter. A $5 change in global oil prices would impact our daily volumes by about 3,000 barrels a day. Financial impact of this volume change is incorporated in the product price sensitivities that Jim provided you. Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $85 million from seismic and drilling for exploration programs in the third quarter. Chemical segment earnings are expected to be about $175 million. Weakness in export demand, conditions in Europe and China, slowdown in U.S. demand and rising U.S. natural gas costs will keep some pressure on margins. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the third quarter of 2012 to increase to about 42%. To summarize, we closed the quarter with our second consecutive all-time company production and seventh consecutive record domestic oil and gas production. We increased our total domestic production by 7,000 barrels a day over the first quarter and by 38,000 barrels a day for the second quarter of 2011. Domestically, where we are the largest onshore liquids producer in lower 48, our production increased by 9% the second quarter of last year. Our total production increased by 7% in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis. We are increasing our estimate of the total year capital program to $9.2 billion from our previously announced $8.3 billion. Of the increase, about $600 million is for the Al Hosn Shah gas project, the remainder of the increase going to the rest of the oil and gas segment. Our business generated cash flow from operations of $6 billion in the first 6 months of 2012. We spent about $5.1 billion of our cash flow on our capital program. I think at this point, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Leo Mariani of RBC.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just quick question on your Permian basin production it looked like it was down a tiny bit in the second quarter. Just wanted to see if there's anything unusual in terms of interruptions or maybe just timing of completions there.
Stephen I. Chazen: Bill can answer that. Bill?
William E. Albrecht: Yes, Leo, really, it's all around gas plants. We had several significant gas plant turnarounds in the quarter, as well as some third-party gas plant outages. We think most of these turnarounds are behind us for the rest of the year. But it was all attributable strictly to gas plants, both third-party and company-operated.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And you guys talked about going from 75 to 70 rigs and really de-emphasizing NGLs and gas and adding some crude rigs. Can you just give us a little bit more color in terms of where the rigs are going to be dropped and where you're going to add some on the crude side as you reshuffle?
Stephen I. Chazen: Not really. But we talked about reducing our count in the Williston last quarter and that's continuing. There are some quite rigs nationally that we have that are less than -- at the bottom 1/8 of efficiency. And so we're basically releasing those rigs. We expect that with the higher concentration and better quality rigs and crews, that we'll do better in the quarter. And I expect that we'll drill as many wells in the back half of the year as we did in the first half of the year for -- with the fewer rigs. What the shift is -- we're not quite through shifting yet.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, got you. In terms of acquisitions, you guys talked about doing $1 billion kind of in the first of the year. Do you guys still continue to be very active on the acquisition side in the second half? And is there any type of -- certain area that you guys are focused on at all from there?
Stephen I. Chazen: It looks pretty slow here in the third quarter. We're going to have very little, if anything, in the hopper in the third quarter. So I don't expect to see much in the third quarter. There's a fair bid ask spread, I think, right now between what we would be willing to pay and what somebody would be willing to accept. So we're not in any hurry. We don't really need to do anything. You shouldn't expect to see any large-scale M&A from us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, you did mention some bolt-on acreage acquisitions in the Williston. Can you just talk about where your position is now? I know you dropped some rigs and I think you've been less enthusiastic. But where are you, acreage-wise, now in the Williston?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we're north of 300,000 acres.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And the bolt-on?
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't know exactly because they never tell me this stuff.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. So give me a bit in California exploration. There's something you highlighted a couple of years ago. I know there's some small stuff and some bigger stuff, but where is that program now?
Stephen I. Chazen: It's actually doing pretty well. We have some moderate successes and some oil and we've got some things that are working. They're a little bit off the mainstream, off the main plan that we had as far as where they're located. There's still some acreage to be acquired that other people have. So I just don't want to go into details. But I think it's doing pretty well, and we're doing -- we have some nice adds and a few million barrels a year, maybe 10 million, 12 million barrel adds.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then just lastly, I know you started increasing the drilling of some of the Permian unconventional stuff. How -- any comments on how that's going?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, obviously, the gassy NGL stuff, while it may be interesting at some point, not real exciting right now. And a lot of these plays are towards New Mexico and people call them liquids rich. I call them gas rich. So they're just not that exciting right now. And -- but the oil stuff is doing pretty well. And really, we are doing just fine. And I can't complete -- there is another area where are there's some poor-performing rigs and crews that we're going to upgrade the quality of that. So my focus, as I said in the back half of the year, I think the production wedge will be fine, maybe even more than fine in the back half of the year. So I think we've got a pretty good sized backlog. But I'm really focused on improving the efficiency of the rigs and generating -- lowering the operating cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Terreson of ISI Group.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: You guys are obviously later in the Permian and this BridgeTex pipeline looks likely to debottleneck that area to some extent, that is if it were to materialize. So my question is whether or not you could provide us an update on your expectations and any timeline that you feel is reasonable for that situation?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think I'd rather defer that and let talk Magellan about it since they're a pipeline company but you should understand that we could give enough crude to make any pipeline go out of the basin. Next is maybe even more than one pipeline to go. But not only do we have our work, our net production but we also have the royalty production and third-party barrels. And so the plan in the basin is to expand our gathering system, hook it into these pipelines and maybe make 1 or 2 lines that go maybe into -- whether it goes into Houston or Corpus and then into Houston. And put as much of our stuff through there as we can. And we're not trying to fix the problem in the basin, we're just trying to fix our problem.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I understand. Let me ask you another question. In Abu Dhabi, can you tell us whether or not you guys are still under consideration on the onshore development phase with the SPC? And if not, do you think that you could be brought in at a later date so...
Stephen I. Chazen: No, we are actively involved.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The gas plant in California, I guess we've been kind of waiting for this for a while. My understanding is you've also gone ahead and ordered a second gas plant. Can you help us understand what...
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we're in the study phase of the second gas line. Remember gas isn't such a high commodity right now.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. The new gas plant that you started at Dolphin, can you just walk us through how does that help? Because I seem to recall the capacity was fairly significant. But what should we anticipate in terms of volume response as a result of that?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. I don't know yet. When we ordered the plant, we thought we would drill more gas wells and obviously, we're a little ways away from that yet. So you'll get, I think, maybe 3 effects. The most significant one is an increase in reliability. And so there is a significant loss every quarter due to some something that's blamed on some third party. So we'll have to take the blame ourselves now, I guess, instead of blaming it on somebody else. Second, there's a much deeper cut and so there'll be more NGLs, for whatever they're worth, coming out of the plant. And finally, there's clearly more capacity, and I'd like to defer the discussion about the capacity response from the rest of the field until we get at least a quarter of actual results rather than just a few weeks.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And my follow-up, if I may, is also on California. So I guess a bunch of quarters ago, you kind of laid out the run-ins that you had there, but the permitting seems to have gotten an awful lot better. I guess what I'm curious on is what is it going to take for you to get after what you acknowledged are some of the highest IRR opportunities in the portfolio? Because it seems that with your guidance on rigs, you're not planning to do that anytime soon.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. I'm waiting for them to further reduce their cost per well. I mean, it's simply they can make step changes, sizable step changes in their cost per well. And my experience over the last, however long is, giving them more money does not cause that. And so a little diet for a little while will have significant reductions in our cost per well. I'm talking not 10%, not 20%, but 1/3. And once they get to the point where their well costs are in line with what they ought to achieve, then we'll pick up the pace. But if I can reduce the cost, I'll get more wells for the same money and that's really what I'm after. I'm not after volume per se. I'm actually after money. And right now, they can do a lot better and they will. But the only way to do it is to ensure that they feel pressed.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Forgive me, Steve, you dominate the play. How do you benchmark? What's achievable and you're, I guess, competing with yourself?
Stephen I. Chazen: Competing with myself. And I know -- we can tell what's achievable. We've experimented and we know. So it isn't -- it's not a theoretical discussion. We changed some things and we had step changes and this is just the beginning. So they can do better.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gammel of Macquarie.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: Steve, I wanted to ask you, first of all, about your transportation capacity out of the Permian Basin. And really, my question is really more around what we've seen as a building differential between Cushing and Midland. And with the pipeline that you acquired a few years back, that you should have the ability to avoid any block in differentials there on at least some volumes. I wanted to see how much you are actually covered on transportation there. And then my second question is really more housekeeping on the acquisitions. Should we look at the $1 billion of acquisitions year-to-date as incremental to the new CapEx guidance that you've given? And is there any associated production figure with those acquisitions for the second quarter and then for the rest of the year?
Stephen I. Chazen: Starting with the Midland, there was a small problem that somebody had in Midland early sometime this quarter -- last quarter. And that's really gone away. So I think some of the differences is pretty much gone. So you don't really see that anymore. There was -- somebody had a problem there, I can't remember who. The capital, I've included in the capital additionals for the back half of the year, the additional spending on the acquisitions that came in the first half. And then, there was no production effect from the acquisitions in the second quarter because most of them were done late in the quarter. And there might be 1,000 or 2,000 barrels a day of liquids in the third quarter.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: Okay. And just a follow-up on the differential again, Stephen. It may be or not relatively a temporary issue in the 2Q, but does it indicate that you're starting to experience pretty tight infrastructure in the Permian in general? So it could be another issue that crops up periodically over time.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. I think -- let me just take a long view of the basin -- the pipeline system was built for a very large amount of oil years ago and was allowed to degrade because everybody thought it was going to deplete away. And the ownership for the pipeline has changed from integrated producers to, generally speaking, cash flow-driven organizations who get paid on increased distributions rather than maintenance. And so what's happened is that the system is not in particularly great shape, which is why we bought the pipeline systems, and we're going to invest some money to improve our results in that. But the system is tight right now and it does not take much to create a modest disruption and we're in better shape than most people because we control our own destiny largely. But I think this is something not just in the Permian, but everywhere where everybody assumed the United States was going out of business in the oil industry. Even if you don't buy some of the more ridiculous things that people have put out, as far as growth, modest amount of growth will tax the system nationwide because the infrastructure is basically designed currently for -- as a cash cow rather than something that you need to keep up. Does that answer your question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Portillo of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions for me. Just on the acquisition side for the second quarter, could give us an idea, of the $2.7 billion, what approximately is spent on acquisitions? And then just a quick second question here. In relation to Colombia, obviously, you guys had a nice uptick back to kind of normalized volumes. There seems to have been a continued frequency of pipeline...
Stephen I. Chazen: I think our capital -- just the acquisition money in the second quarter is like $700 million. It was $1 billion for the back half -- for the first half of the year. Capital was $2.7 billion, but the acquisition was, I think, $700 million or so. Yes, so it was $1 billion for the first 6 months in acquisitions. I got lost in the rest of the question, so if you could repeat it.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Sure. And just in terms of Colombia, you obviously had a nice uptick in production in the second quarter, I think, as Cao Limn pipelines kind of normalized. Are you guys are seeing kind of similar levels of production heading into the third quarter? And are there any improvements that you're seeing on the security side down in Colombia?
Stephen I. Chazen: We'll let Bill answer that.
William E. Albrecht: Yes, Matt. So far in the third quarter, we've had about 1,000 barrels a day outage is all. We obviously have had more insurgent activity in the third quarter so far. Who knows what it's going to be like for the rest of the quarter? But so far, there has not been a material effect on production.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's capable of producing 32,000, 33,000. So there was some loss even in the second quarter. So all he's really saying is it's sort of like the second quarter.
William E. Albrecht: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eliot Javanmardi of Capital One Southcoast.
Eliot Javanmardi - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question for you. Do you still see the Williston Basin as a potential longer-term resource play for the company? And the reason I asked that is, you obviously get great returns in California in the Permian plays. I'm just trying to understand what kind of scenario would you actually be willing to put to your dollars at work into Williston? And I think you've addressed some of it potentially on the well cost front. But what scenario would you envision that even if it is the #3 play you would invest in, for example, in the U.S., how would you assess that situation as to when you feel good about putting dollars to work there?
Stephen I. Chazen: Definitely #3. It's really a cost issue. I think that the service companies are getting rich as pigs there. And I think until the costs come down and the efficiency improves, we'll continue to focus on the best wells and the most efficient wells and improving our learning curve. We're still, I think, in the learning curve phase. But there's that and then there's the differential issue, which I think could be fixed over time. But I'm in no hurry to put capital there. We're still continuing to put capital there, but not to the level that we were. We're still making 16,000, 17,000 a day there. But it's clearly assets for the future rather than a big driver for today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Westlake of Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So just a question. You mentioned last quarter when you were looking at the increase in California rig counts, sort of 5 rigs every 6 months, that's some were going into steam flood, as well as the shale and vertical elements [ph]. Can you give us an update in terms of how many rigs you're in steam flood versus other opportunities?
Stephen I. Chazen: I actually don't know, 3. I think we have 3 rigs in the steam floods right now, and we'll boost that as the year progresses.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So that's still incremental rigs going in against your guidance then into the shale?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, shale and into the steam floods.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. And just on -- this is more of a longer-term question, but obviously, in the central part of San Joaquin Valley, financial geologist that I am, you have a potentially thickest -- thicker part of the shale but its deep and the rock quality may not be as good. But is there any technology that you think could work that, turn that into sort of a repeatable shale play?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, maybe someday. But right -- we try to do easy stuff before hard stuff. And so we're focused on what's easy right now. And what's easiest right now is to drill low-cost shale wells in easy places. We've monkeyed with what you've just said and I think we're still on the early phases of thinking about that.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Is it fair to say that you're putting some R&D dollars into that type of monkey guess?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, we do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sven Del Pozzo of IHS Herold.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Your perspective savings on completion costs in California for the -- for your unconventional wells, what kind of time frame do you think we'll have -- we'll start to see some CapEx?
Stephen I. Chazen: It's actually happening now. It's happening now. So you'll see it as -- it will be clear as the year progresses.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Okay. And same type of question regarding CapEx for the midstream. When do you think we'll start to see the CapEx deployment in the midstream slowdown?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, a lot of that is the Al Hosn gas plant. And so the domestic capital is not probably going to slow down for a little while until I get the pipeline system up and running better. But the Al Hosn stuff, that part of it should start to roll off into the fourth and first quarters. But the drilling portion, the part that is charged, that goes to E&P, will pick up that slack and more into the fourth and first quarter next year. So all you're seeing is -- so I wouldn't be too confused about where this midstream capital is going. A fair amount of it, except for a little bit right now, is going into the Al Hosn project.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Okay. And your production growth sequentially from the first quarter to the second quarter in the Midcontinent region, which also includes the Bakken, if it's not the Bakken where the production growth is coming from on the oil side, what regions or...
Stephen I. Chazen: It is from there. I mean, some of -- the bulk of it is from there. We started, if I remember, 3,000 or 4,000 a day last year, early last year. And we're 17,000 running now. So I mean, somewhere in there, it's there. There's improvement in South Texas and the rest of the Rockies. But I mean, fundamentally, that segment is -- the large increases are Bakken production.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Okay. Spike in Bahrain gas production, could you just help me to understand what's going on there?
Stephen I. Chazen: Sandy can probably answer that.
Edward Arthur Lowe: Yes. The gas production is paid for -- on a capacity basis, and we've recently installed a lot of equipment that increases the capacity to what the kingdom thinks they'll need over the next few years.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: And is there any way to quantify the profitability change associated with this increase in gas production?
Stephen I. Chazen: Pretty modest. I mean, the profits there will be made off the oil production. And the gas serves as a -- sort of a base to give us a base return, I think, is the way to think about the project. So the gas, since it's our captive gas market, is basically what pays for the thing. And then the upside of the higher returns will come from crude oil prices, oil production.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Okay, okay. And lastly, view on chemicals, just your announced -- sometime after 2015, announcement of 1.1 billion pound ethylene cracker. I don't know if it's an expansion or a brand-new plant.
Stephen I. Chazen: No, there's no. I think the announcement is that we are studying it. We are not committed to the cracker. We are going to build a fractionator, but not -- we are not committed to a cracker.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Okay. And for working capital component of your cash flow in the first 6 months of the year, that would be -- if you'd like to e-mail it to me later, that's fine. If you have it right now, great.
Stephen I. Chazen: Chris can deal with that. I don't think you'll find it a big deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Katherine Minyard of JPMorgan.
Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just looking at 2Q 2012 production for the U.S. How much of that production came from wells that were brought online since the beginning of the year?
Stephen I. Chazen: It's probably a more complicated question you probably thought. I don't think we -- you have to go basin by basin. I don't -- we don't know. We'll try to have -- why don't you contact Chris and maybe we can reconstruct that over the next -- yes, we don't have it with us.
Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then when you talk about cost reduction of about 1/3 in your drilling, are you looking at you...
Stephen I. Chazen: California, we've talked about.
Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. And so are you looking at achieving that? Is it lower drill times? Is it different completion techniques? And what would be the main factors driving the bulk of that type of reduction?
Stephen I. Chazen: Bill can answer that because he's responsible.
William E. Albrecht: Katherine, it's really both, okay? On the drilling side, it's a lot of little things that add up to cost reductions. And then on the completion side, its primarily reductions and pressure pumping costs.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Alec Morris [ph] of Raymond James.
Unknown Analyst: Following up on the Colombia insurgency question from earlier. Could you give an update maybe on Libya and whether production is back at pre-war levels there? And I guess, if not, what needs to happen to get there?
Stephen I. Chazen: Sandy can answer that.
Edward Arthur Lowe: Yes. We're just at about pre-war levels right now. We've just putting new teams into the country to work on new projects. And we will be doing seismic work later this year. So we're pretty much back to normal in Libya.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Herrlin of Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Are you seeing any discounts to price booked by the services companies in the Permian? Some of your peers have been mentioning that. Are you seeing that at all?
Stephen I. Chazen: Bill can answer that.
William E. Albrecht: Yes. John, yes, we're seeing some modest price reduction off of the price book.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: What's that? 10% or less?
William E. Albrecht: Its 7% to 10%.
Stephen I. Chazen: We tend to contract longer term than somebody else who might go to monthly contracts. Yes, and so we don't -- we're not quite as sensitive to the -- somebody might be drilling 6 wells or something.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay, that's fine, Steve. With the Elk Hills plant, is there just a commissioning start-up phase before you get it fully on?
Stephen I. Chazen: It's gone through that. And so we're -- like all plants that are designed by engineers, they always -- they never seem to work just exactly right the first day. So -- but we've actually gone through that because we started the process more than a month ago. So right now, I think we're okay.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. And then I probably missed this because I got on late, what was your cash position at quarter's end?
Stephen I. Chazen: A little over $4 billion.
Operator: I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Stavros for any closing remarks.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thanks very much for joining us today. And if you have further questions on the conference call or earnings release today, please call us in New York. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher G. Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations James M. Lienert - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Edward Arthur Lowe - Vice President and President of Oxy Oil and Gas -International Production William E. Albrecht - President
Analysts: Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Occidental Petroleum's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Stavros, you may begin your conference.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thank you, Christie, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Occidental Petroleum's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call first morning from Los Angeles are Steve Chazen, OXY's President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Lienert, OXY's chief Financial Officer; Bill Albrecht, President of OXY's Oil and Gas operations in the Americas; Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Operations; and OXY's Executive Chairman, Dr. Ray Irani, is also joining us on the call today. In just a moment, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Jim Lienert, who will review our financial and operating results for the first quarter of this year. Steve Chazen will then follow with comments on our key performance metrics, our capital program, oil and gas production and outlook for the current quarter. We'll also be providing some new information on our activity and exposure on select Permian basin plays and on a one-time basis, some additional data on our California production volumes.  Our first quarter 2012 earnings press release Investor Relations supplemental schedules and the conference call presentation slides, which refer to both Jim and Steve's remarks, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com.  And I'll now turn the call over to Jim Lienert. Jim, please go ahead.
James M. Lienert: Thank you, Chris. Net income was $1.6 billion or $1.92 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2012 compared to $1.5 billion or $1.90 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2011. Several factors lowered earnings during the first quarter by about $0.05 per diluted share. These factors included higher insurgent activity in Colombia, resulting in pipeline interruptions; a maintenance-related shutdown in Qatar; field shut-in due to labor disputes, which have shut down the pipeline in Yemen; and inclement weather at our Elk Hills operations, partially offset by additional oil entitlements in Libya related to the initial start-up phase of operations after the 2011 civil unrest. Here's a breakdown from the first quarter. In the Oil and Gas segment, the first quarter 2012 daily production of 755,000 barrels per day was the highest in the company's history and was up over 3% for the same period of 2011. We're the largest liquids producer in the U.S. lower 48 and grew our oil production from the first quarter of 2011 by 10% to 244,000 barrels a day. Our total domestic production was 455,000 barrels per day, the sixth consecutive domestic volume record for the company, in line with our guidance of 455,000 to 457,000 barrels per day. Inclement weather, which resulted in numerous power outages in California reduced Elk Hills gas production by about 11 million cubic feet per day. Our total domestic production was about 13% higher than the first quarter of 2011. Latin America volumes were 26,000 barrels per day. Colombia's production of 24,000 barrels a day was about 7,000 barrels lower than its typical production capacity due to higher insurgent activity that resulted in pipeline interruptions.  In the Middle East region, Libya production was 20,000 barrels per day, which included additional entitlements related to the post-2011 civil unrest period. In Iraq, we produced 5,000 barrels per day, a decrease of 4,000 barrels from the fourth quarter volumes. The lower volume is directly related to reduced spending levels. Yemen daily production was 17,000 barrels, a decrease of 6,000 barrels from the fourth quarter. The decrease reflected the expiration of the Masila Field contract in mid-December, partially offset by the timing of cost recovery volumes, which are typically higher in the first half of the year.  In Oman, the first quarter production was 74,000 barrels per day, a decrease of 2,000 barrels from the fourth quarter volumes. The decrease was attributable to operational issues. In Qatar, the first quarter production was 72,000 barrels per day, a decrease of 4,000 barrels over the fourth quarter volumes, resulting from a maintenance shutdown in March.  For Dolphin and Bahrain combined, daily production increased 3,000 barrels from the fourth quarter volumes. As a result of higher year-over-year average oil prices and other factors affecting production sharing and similar contracts, first quarter 2012 production was lower by 10,000 barrels per day from the first quarter of 2011. These factors did not materially affect production compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Our first quarter sales volumes were 745,000 barrels per day. The 10,000-barrel per day difference compared to the production volumes is larger than a typical difference between production and sales, and was due entirely to the timing of liftings, almost all of which was related to Libya and Iraq.  First quarter 2012 realized prices were mixed for our products compared to the fourth quarter of the prior year. Our worldwide crude oil realized price was $107.98 per barrel, an increase of 8%. Worldwide NGLs were $52.51 per barrel, a decrease of about 5%. And domestic natural gas prices were $2.84 per MCF, a decline of 21%. Realized oil prices for the quarter represented 105% of the average WTI and 91% of the average Brent price. Realized NGL prices were 51% of WTI, and realized domestic gas prices were 100% of the average NYMEX price. The NGL realization is low by historical standards and indicates a troubling trend. Over the last 5 years, domestic NGL realizations have dropped from about 73% to 52% of WTI. Absolute realized price of NGLs is not significantly different than 5 years ago. Price changes at current global prices affect our quarterly earnings before income taxes by $36 million for $1 per barrel change in oil prices, and $8 million for $1 per barrel change in NGL prices. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices affects quarterly pretax earnings by about $35 million. Oil and gas production costs were $14 a barrel for the first 3 months of 2012 compared with last year's 12-month cost of $12.84 a barrel and fourth quarter of 2011 cost of $14.22 a barrel. The cost increase reflects higher well maintenance activity.  Taxes other than our income, which are directly related to product prices, were $2.49 per barrel for the first quarter of 2012 compared to $2.21 per barrel for all of 2011. First quarter exploration expense was $98 million, in line with our guidance. Chemical segment earnings for the first quarter of 2012 were $184 million compared to $144 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 and $219 million for the first quarter of 2011. The sequential quarterly improvement was primarily due to stronger domestic demand for polyvinyl chloride brought in part by the unseasonably mild weather, resulting in an earlier start to the construction season and rebuilding of downstream inventories.  The year-over-year decrease was primarily a result of lower export volumes and higher raw material costs, in large part caused by a rapid increase in ethylene prices. Calcium chloride sales volumes for de-icing applications were significantly lower due to the mild winter weather. Midstream segment earnings were $131 million for the first quarter of 2012 compared to $70 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. The improvement in earnings was in the marketing and trading businesses. The worldwide effective tax rate was 42% for the first quarter of 2012. The increase over our guidance was due to higher Libya liftings. Our first quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the Investor Relations supplemental schedule. Cash flow from operations for the first 3 months of 2012 was $2.8 billion, representing a $600 million increase from the first quarter of 2011. We used $2.4 billion of the company's total cash flow to fund capital expenditures and about $375 million to pay dividends. We also used about $300 million of cash for working capital during the quarter. There were no significant acquisitions during the period. These and other net cash flows resulted in a $3.8 billion cash balance at March 31. Capital expenditures for the first quarter of 2012 were $2.4 billion, slightly lower than the run rate incurred in the fourth quarter of 2011. Year-to-date capital expenditures by segment were 84% in Oil and Gas; 14% in Midstream; and the remainder in Chemicals. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the 3 months of 2012 were 810.5 million and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 811.3 million. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 13%. Copies of the press release announcing our first quarter earnings and the Investor Relations supplemental schedules are available on our website or through the SEC's EDGAR system.  I'll now turn the call over to Steve Chazen to provide guidance for the second quarter of the year.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Jim. OXY's first quarter 2012 production set an all-time record for the company. And for the sixth consecutive quarter, the domestic Oil and Gas segment produced record volumes. First quarter domestic production of 455,000-barrel equivalents a day consisting of 316,000 barrels of liquids, 834 million cubic feet a day of gas, was an increase of 6,000-barrel equivalent per day compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. All of the domestic production growth in the fourth quarter was in liquids, which grew from 310,000 barrels a day to 316,000. Gas production was flat. Compared to the first quarter 2011, our domestic liquids production grew by 35,000 barrels per day and gas production by 100 million cubic feet per day. As you may recall, OXY is the largest producer of liquids in the lower 48 states. Focusing on the total return to our shareholders, in February, we increased our dividends by $0.32 or 17% to $2.16 per share. Our annualized return on equity for the first 3 months of 2012 was 16% and return on capital employed was 14%. During the quarter, the company generated cash from operations of $2.8 billion, 25% increase from the same quarter last year. In the first quarter, our capital spending was $2.4 billion. The current capital run rate may come down over the course of the year as certain projects, such as the Elk Hills gas plant are completed. In addition, as I indicated in last quarter's conference call, we will review our capital program around midyear and adjust as conditions dictate. The following is the geographic overview of the program.  In the domestically in California, the rig count at the end of the first quarter was about the same as the 31 we're running at year-end 2011. We expect the rig count to remain at current levels through the end of the year. Relative to last year, we are seeing improvement with respect to permitting issues in the state. We have received approved field rules and new permits for both injection wells and drilling locations. The regulatory agency is responsive and committed to working through the backlog of permits. We expect to maintain our capital program at current levels for about the first half of the year, which will enable us to grow our production volumes. We'll reassess our capital program as the year progresses and the current regulatory environment clearly stabilizes. Starting in 2011, we shifted our development program on focusing on conventional, nonconventional opportunities outside the traditional Elk Hills area. As you can see in the Investor Relations supplemental schedule, our traditional Elk Hills production on a BOE basis has declined 14% since we began this program. While the remainder of our California production, representing our conventional, steam and shale programs, has increased 30% during the same period. Essentially, all of the increase came from liquids.  Excluding the traditional Elk Hills, liquids production was about -- was up about 35% or about 17,000 barrels a day. As we have previously discussed, we are shifting our program to emphasize oil and liquids-rich production. We are starting to see the effect of this shift in the first quarter of 2012. We expect most of the California production growth in the near future to come from liquids. While the current environment -- while in the current environment, we don't expect to drill many gas wells. The new Elk Hills gas plant will possibly affect our operational efficiency and production in the back half of the year. In the Permian, the rig count at the end of the first quarter was 26, 3 higher than we were running at year-end 2011. We expect our rig count to remain at about this level during the year. As the attached Investor Relations supplemental schedule shows, we have significant acreage positions in a number of plays in the Permian basin that will give us ample opportunity for future growth.  Our total acreage position in these plays, broadly defined, is approximately 2.9 million gross acres or about 1 million acres net. Based on what we currently believe are the likely limits of these plays, our gross and networking interest are 1 million acres and 300,000 acres, respectively. We are currently operating 24 rigs in these areas. Additionally, 74 wells, in which we have a working interest, were drilled by third-party operators during the first quarter of 2012. We currently expect about 300 additional wells redrilled by those operators during the rest of the year We expect that our program and the third-party drilling will accelerate our Permian production in the latter part of this year. In the mid-continent and other operations, the lowest in our rig count was 13 at the end of the quarter, down from 14 at year end. We expect the rig count to be about 6 by the end of this year. As I mentioned in last quarter's conference call, we have shifted some capital from this area to California and the Permian. Natural gas prices in the United States continue at depressed levels. As a result, we have cut back our pure gas drilling. If the current low NGL prices continue, cutback in liquid-rich wells or gas rich wells, may be necessary. International operations, the Al Hosn Shah gas project is approximately 38% complete and is progressing as planned. This project made up about 10% of our total capital program for the first quarter. If spending continues at current levels, we will see higher anticipated spending for the remainder of this year. However, total development capital for the project is expected to be in line with previous estimates. In Iraq, the spending declined compared to the fourth quarter levels as a result of contract approval delays. However, recently, a number of major contracts were approved covering drilling and completion services, workovers and logistics support.  As we look ahead to the second quarter, we expect oil and gas production to be as follows: We expect domestic production to grow 3,000 or 4,000 barrels a day per month in the quarterly average of 455,000 a day, which would correspond to 6,000 to 8,000 barrels per day increase for the quarter.  Internationally, Colombia's first quarter production was reduced by 7,000 barrels a day resulting from increased insurgent attacks on the pipeline. Production should go back to normal levels assuming no significant insurgent activity. Production has been about normal levels so far in the current quarter. The Middle East region production is expected to be as follows: Production has assumed in our operations of Libyan and averaged 20,000 barrels a day in the first quarter, including entitlements in the post-2011 civil unrest period. We expect that second quarter daily volumes to be about 11,000 barrels a day. We expect production to increase gradually during the course of the year, reaching the historical levels of about 14,000 barrels a day by year end.  In Iraq, as I've previously discussed, production levels depend on capital spending amounts. We are unable to predict the timing of the capital spend. For Dolphin, a planned plant shutdown reduced production in January and February. Production increased significantly in March. We expect second quarter production to increase modestly over first quarter volumes. The remainder of the Middle East, we expect production to be comparable to the first quarter volumes.  We expect sales and production volumes in the second quarter of 2012 to be about equal, subject to scheduling of liftings. A $5 change in global oil prices would impact our production sharing contract daily volumes by about 3,000 BOE a day. Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about 125 million for seismic and drilling for exploration programs in the second quarter. Chemical segment or quarter earnings are expected to be about $175 million. We expect lower natural gas prices and improvements in exports of VCM and polyvinyl chloride to be offset by several planned maintenance turnarounds and anticipated slowdown in domestic PVC demand, following the unusually strong start in the first quarter. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the second quarter to decrease to about 41%. The decrease in the first quarter reflects lower Libyan liftings. So to summarize, we closed the quarter with an all-time record total company production and the sixth consecutive record domestic oil and gas production. As the largest liquids producer in lower 48, we increased our liquids production by 6,000 barrels a day from the fourth quarter, and by 35,000 barrels a day for the first quarter 2011. We increased our dividend rate by 17% to $2.16 per share. Our capital spending was $2.4 billion in the first quarter with the Shah gas project increasing to about 10% of the total spending. The business generated cash from operations of $2.8 billion in the quarter. I think we're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm going to go try a couple if I can, Steve. The gas fund, I guess, we've been waiting on this for quite a while. Can you just confirm the timeline of -- I think you'd originally said, major commissioning. But more importantly, can you help us understand what that does in terms of alleviating any bottlenecks particularly in the legacy Elk Hills field? And maybe help us understand what -- how can we quantify how much incremental production this is actually going to bring to you when the thing comes on stream? And I have a follow up, please.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. It's obvious. The plant's on schedule, and it's in the process of testing or whatever we want to call it currently. So there shouldn't be any delays. When we talked about the plant a couple of years ago, we talk thought we'll drill more gas and obviously to fill it up and whatever it is, $2 gas doesn't seem at all that interesting. The wells would be all right, but I think it's wasteful to produce gas at $2. We have a sizable inventory of gas to drill in California, would easily fill the plant and then some, but we'll probably defer that some. Exact increase, basically what will happen is you'll get a little more NGLs out of Elk -- out of the old plant or the old field and much more reliable gas production. And what exactly it will do, we'll be able to see in the third quarter, but it will be an improvement. And we'll see what will happen when the shift the gas, the high-pressure gas to the new plant and keep the low pressure gas in the old plant. So I can't predict that, and I don't want to predict it until I actually see the results.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My follow up is kind of a related question also to California. Your commentary around the permits, I think, is very much supported by the, at least that's what we see coming out of the state. My question is that, you've said in the past that you really were unable to plan because you didn't have line of sight on permits. Well now it seems that you're getting that line of sight and you've said you hold the rig count flat in the middle of the year. But can you just give us a bit more color as to how you're thinking about the operating team performing to your satisfaction, so to speak, you're prepared to allocate more capital? And if so, what can we expect in terms of the split between unconventional drilling and conventional exploration?
Stephen I. Chazen: The second part, I don't really know. They drill a bit -- the best as it builds up. I think I told almost everybody that a massive buildup in drilling rigs in California is probably counterproductive at this point. We expect to build the rig count in the back half of the year as the line of sight improves. It's obviously a lot better than it was, but we need to be able to plan to keep those rigs, because once you bring them into California, it's hard to get rid of them. We're effectively the only one drilling. So I think you just got to say that as the longer lead permitting progresses we'll build the count, and we'll see where we are at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the balance sheet management, can you just talk about buybacks? And you've mentioned the dividend increases.
Stephen I. Chazen: Because we're intermittent buyers of the shares, as we buy when they're cheap and when it's less clear, we leave it alone. Stock declined when we're in basically the closed window period. And so we really couldn't respond this month essentially. And we'll see -- we talked about the calculation a couple of quarters ago. And so that will be something that we'll be looking at very hard in next few weeks. The cash balance courses, and we're not exactly getting rich off the interest. And so we need to put the money to work one way or another. There may be some small acquisitions, but we're earning in spite of -- we earned 16% on equity. So if we can reinvest it and earn 16% on equity, that's probably in the shareholders interest. But if the shares reflect a different number, then we'll take a different tact.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, that's interesting. I think, obviously, the business model in the past has been acquisition at times. I think, I strongly sense your language is this bits and pieces perhaps that you've really got an organic opportunity here that you're going to pursues?
Stephen I. Chazen: I really don't need to do anything material. Some bargain comes up, that's a different story, but we're just not going to do anything material. Again, bargains are one thing but so far, I haven't heard of any bargains coming by. And we're actually not a real estate company. And so we're not actually -- a lot of the stuff that is for sale isn't exactly oceanfront property. And so we're pretty cautious about large-scale acreage acquisitions. So if they can steal it, that's fine. But right now, we have so much on our plate. I think I told you a couple quarters ago that the request from the units were essentially twice the approved spending level. So we got a big inventory. The opportunities that continues to grow both in California and in the Permian. And there's just no need to do something splashy.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. If we think about the balance sheet, is there an optimal level of leverage for you in this environment?
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't know. As you know, I'm a, debtophobe, so there's probably not, but we still have $3.8 billion of cash.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, the inefficiency of the cash is more than...
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes it's more efficient to cash than leveraging up. Commodity business is volatile, and that's not all that exciting. But 2% interest rate's always a little tempting. But right now, we've got a boatload of cash. And we would expect this year, even with a modest level of acquisitions and the growth of the solid gas, the capital spending will build cash this year. So we got to figure out the best way to put it to work.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then a follow up, which is the -- is there anything interesting to say as all there is about Oman? Any outlook there?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, Sandy is a Oman expert. He'll talk to you about it.
Edward Arthur Lowe: Yes, Paul, we're running 15 rigs in Oman right now, 10 of them in the north. And we're working the relatively new Block 62 and still working Block 9 and 27. We're revamping a lot of our facilities so that we can get consistent production over 100,000 gross barrels a day in the North. So I mean we see that as a place that still got a lot of opportunities ahead of us.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: What sort of growth should we look for from this earning?
Edward Arthur Lowe: What sort of gross or...
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Growth, growth.
Edward Arthur Lowe: In growth, we look at -- we're still going to -- we're going to get to about 110,000 gross barrels a day. We're running about 98 right now. Some of it, we actually have more capacity in the ground we have to fix and refurbished and add some facilities to few.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Chipman of Tudor Pickering Holt.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Couple questions. The first, just on the breakout you gave around permian acreage. Looks like 330,000 net acres was in the likely limits that you see...
Stephen I. Chazen: That we currently see.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: So what is the current breakdown, if you could, on the 24 rigs that you're running there currently?
Stephen I. Chazen: You mean by...
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just by location. Most of those were vertical Wolfberry rigs or were you spend the capital?
Stephen I. Chazen: Bill can answer that. We're not going to break it down for each play. We'll do it by basin generally.
William E. Albrecht: Jessica, yes. About half of our rig count is -- and half of the program for 2012 is going to be devoted to drilling Wolfberry wells. But we are active in not all of the plays that you see listed on the schedule but in a number of them. And just also, just as a reminder, we have 8 rigs currently running on our CO2 floods, building largely infill development wells.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. that's helpful. And then I've asked this before and I'll ask this again, could you give us an update just on well cost within the Bakken, the Permian, particularly on the horizontal side and then California?
Stephen I. Chazen: Horizontal side? The Bakken stuff is still not come down to the level that's appropriate, so we continue to reduce our current -- we have a lot more better places to put money right now than the Bakken, so we're reducing that count. The rest of the stuff doesn't seem to change very much. The rest of the horizontal -- I think our service costs are essentially flat.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then just thinking about the run rate of CapEx in Q1 was $2.4 billion. And I think you made a comment there are ways to bring that down over the year. In addition...
Stephen I. Chazen: Not ways, it's just will. There are things just roll off.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: So basically, decreasing Bakken rigs and then...
Stephen I. Chazen: And the buildings at the plants.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: So the $8.3 billion original spend that you outlined to the tune of...
Stephen I. Chazen: The only thing I would say that's really out of our control is the sour gas, because we had a lower number in there, and I think they'll spend more of that now, so the total will go up. The total over time is about $4 billion our share. And so if we spent between now and the end 2014, and just a matter -- you don't really know what year it will fall in, the total's okay. So we'll spend more this year and we'll spend less some of the year. So that's the only variable right now, unless we change the program.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Harrison of ISI Group.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Steven, international EMP and specifically in Iraq, I think you highlighted delays for permitting and contracts and infrastructure that you guys are reducing spending.
Stephen I. Chazen: We didn't reduce it, it's just sort of automatic. They don't get the permits, it's hard to spend the money. There's only so many dinners you can buy if you want.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So my question is, can you talk about that position, and how production's unfolding versus plant meeting? Not just for the next couple of quarters, which I realize is impossible because of what you said about the unpredictability of near-term spending? But has your outlook changed over the immediate term on that position or just cover a general update on how you think about that play?
Stephen I. Chazen: Sandy will be glad to answer that.
Edward Arthur Lowe: Yes, Doug. We are making progress on spending in addition to -- we just yesterday found out they've approved some new production facilities. So we will not only give us more spend, which leads to more introduction, but more gross production. There are some variables facing us with some common infrastructures that the Iraqis are working on. They fixed a lot of your issues on transportation, the terminal. We're still trying to get the water injections fixed. And the actual speed of ramp up of our own production will depend on how soon we can get more water in the ground.
Stephen I. Chazen: The gross, just to fill in, the gross is running 260 right now. These latest approvals on contract awards can get us up to 550, 600 over the next 2, 2.5, 3 years. So that's coming together. It hasn't gone as fast as he like to, we've had some recent progress.
Edward Arthur Lowe: But what was it when we took over?
Stephen I. Chazen: We took it over at 180. That gives you a feel for the growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Leo Mariani of RBC.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just curious on your U.S. gas production. I guess it picked up very modestly here in the first quarter? I guess, roughly 1 million a day over the previous quarter. You talked about pulling back on your gas activity recently here. When should we expect your U.S. gas production to do? Is that going to peak here in the first quarter of '12 and start declining? Just any color that will be helpful.
Stephen I. Chazen: I would argue, it's probably pretty flattish. It will vary, but I think pretty flattish. A lot of the gas, the bulk of the gas, overwhelming majority of the gas is associated with the oil production. And so -- but we're not -- we could size, we should have a huge increase in gas production as a company if we decided to drill wells. And basically that's what's -- at $2, it's just not going to happen, or $2.50 or $3. So that's really what we're saying is, we could have a very, very large increase in gas production if the prices were sensible. So you ought to expect sort of flatfish so all the growth in the business will come out of the oil business, which is a little easy -- a little harder than growing in the size of our portfolio, a little harder than growing gas. We grow gas a lot because it's a small base.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I guess in the Permian, you talked about participating in 70-something industry wells in the first quarter in a number of different areas. Any thoughts on what you guys are seeing as a result of those wells? Any particular area other than the Wolfberry that you're very active that has you guys excited at all?
Stephen I. Chazen: Most of it is doing pretty well, the oily areas. I think if you've got about 1/3 of your BOEs in oil, that's a stuff that sells for $100 a barrel, sort of. You have, I think, a pretty economic program. And those programs were, there's really no $100 a barrel stuff, all you have this NGLs and gas, I think they're economically challenged in the Permian. So some of the plays are so-called liquids rich if there's not about 1/3 of your stream are condensated black oil, I think those are economically challenged. From our perspective, somebody else may have a more limited opportunity set.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Any plans for OXY to get after some operated activity and some of those high oil cut plays?
Stephen I. Chazen: What do you think we're doing?
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm talking about how possible variables...
Stephen I. Chazen: How many rigs are we running -- how many rigs are you running in...
James M. Lienert: Today we've got 30.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, we've got total today so...
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. I guess, I was trying to refer to kind of outside your traditional CO2 floods...
Stephen I. Chazen: No, no. We've got -- how many -- you take out the Wolfberry wells, how many wells you have, rigs you have?
Edward Arthur Lowe: Without Wolfberry, we've got 17 running.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, 17 rigs.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And 8 of those are CO2, is that right?
Edward Arthur Lowe: It varies, 6 to 8. We do swap them between primary development and CO2 from time to time.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, got you. I guess -- so the remainder of those kind of spread out in different portions and maybe the Delaware and Midland Basin, if there's any color you kind of add around where the rest of the activity is?
Stephen I. Chazen: It's spread out. And whatever we told you today wouldn't be true a month from now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gammel of Macquarie.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: I have a few questions about Permian but have been answered, but I did want to at least ask you about the CO2 to operations. We continue to think of that as an operation that essentially runs a flattish production profile moving forward. And are you still able to secure the type of CO2 that you've been talking about in recent years? Just given some of the changes in century plant operation and that sort of thing? And then if I just get one more. I think it's been asked. I didn't quite catch the answer to it, are you actually drilling horizontally in the Wolfcamp formation in the Permian right now?
Stephen I. Chazen: Bill will answer the horizontal question. But on the other question is, we would expect that the CO2 production would grow, not be flat. And we have sizable amount of CO2 right now. We've covered the problem with the sand rich plant with some other way. And so I think we're in very good shape on CO2 and the production -- and the CO2 area is actually growing.
William E. Albrecht: Yes. And, Jason, did I answer your horizontal question? We do have a couple of rigs drilling horizontal Wolfcamp wells in addition to a couple of drilling some Bone Springs horizontals.
Leo P. Mariani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. Can I follow up just one more, Steve, just on the oil in Bakken. It is a play that you talked about being a little more challenged economically than a lot of the other liquids plays that you have. Is this still something that you're still going to essentially hold onto until economics improve? Or would you potentially be looking to exit that position?
Stephen I. Chazen: We don't plan to exit it. If you look at the United States, say where the oil is, the oil is in California, the oil is in the Permian and the oil is in the Bakken. The Bakken right now, if you think about it, there's labor issues that's basically overwhelmed the small place with the drilling activities. We're effectively looking if we can -- the right price to add to the position and build it out as a long-term resource. Right now, given the other 2 U.S. areas, it's just not -- it might be effective for somebody else to compete for capital, but it's not effective for us to complete for capital. That's why I'm slowing it down, because that money is much better used in either California or West Texas. But over time, it's the Willie Sutton discussion of why we're there because that's where the oil is. So that's real straightforward, and we're domestic oil producer fundamentally.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Sven Del Pozzo of IHS.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Just a couple of questions. On the non-operating wells that you've got in Permian, would you care to name perhaps the top 1 or 2 who's drilling is most likely to influence your overall results?
Stephen I. Chazen: No.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Okay. This question regarding client shale looking at your Slide 27. Is it too early to tell, or is there evidence of an eastward expansion of the play onto the eastern shale from where we've seen most of the industry success thus far?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think it's too early. It's -- I think it's fair to say it's -- at this point, it's interesting and doing reasonably well. To find the limits right now, it's pure speculation.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Okay. And then on that Slide 27, I'm not exactly sure what the likely limits it means...
Stephen I. Chazen: It means -- it's around whether it's production and people have been successful. We've provided 2 columns because our view is probably more conservative than the average on what the likely limits are. So we've given you sort of small E&P version on one set of columns and sort of the rational economic one on the second. But we would hope that some of the acreage would move over there. But right now, all you can really say that we would view as highly perspective.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Okay. And lastly, regarding NGL prices, at least relative to spot prices, your realization held up quite well comparing to the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter. So I'm wondering what are some of the reasons for that? And if they'll persist during the course of 2012?
Stephen I. Chazen: If you look at the pricing, we produce a moderate amount of NGLs here in California. California pricing is fundamentally better than the rest of the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake of Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Thanks for all the extra disclosure to be around the Permian. I guess 2 questions. One, within that, if you add in, say, current production of 139,000 in the Permian, add in 39,000 of NGLs, call it 180,000 barrels a day in Q1. As you add rigs and as the CO2 business grows, as you said, what scale do think that business could become in a few years, also the type of growth rate would you expect on the liquid side out of the Permian?
Stephen I. Chazen: I'm probably going to get in trouble if I speculate. But it's gone through another rejuvenation, maybe the fifth or sixth one in my life, maybe more, maybe 10 times, if I would really count them. And this is basically driven by not necessarily new technology or some of that, but really by higher product prices. If product prices hold somewhere in this area. This business is going to grow sharply. I mean every forecast I've ever made for this business, over the Permian over the last 5 or 10 years has been way too low. And so the business is a very large business, larger than a lot of companies, and it will continue to grow at a pretty decent phase, but you should remember that's a large business. And so the absolute growth for the U.S. economy kind of growth is going to be quite sizable. But on a percentage basis, it's not going to be impressive. As impressive as somebody who starts at 20,000 barrels a day. So I can't really answer it, but I would think that it will be commensurate with the growth of the U.S. business. That is to say, it is the core of the company's cash flow generation, so it will grow in line with our U.S. business.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And your comment there if all prices remain robust and the fact that Permian surprised you over time. When you're setting out your sort of overall 5% to 7% growth rate for OXY as a corporation, do you think that you're being conservative and therefore any surprise would be additive to that growth rate?
Stephen I. Chazen: Only I learned over the years, the oil businesses that the well making 2,000 barrels a day and might make 0 tomorrow, but it's definitely not going to make 4,000. And so you've got to be cautious about decline rates and stuff. But the Permian has really gone through a significant rejuvenation, and so we're well positioned to reap that.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And given it's a large business, is 500 million acres enough? I mean in the likely of 570 million, so I'm just doing the math.
Stephen I. Chazen: The actual acreage in Permian is much larger. And so that acreage is closer to 3 million for the whole basin. This is just in this area.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So your view is overtime, other areas perhaps could come into you economic...
Stephen I. Chazen: It is the same formation. I mean, they changed the names to protect the innocent, I guess. But these are the same formations that have been producing for a long time. They just changed the names to make them sound more interesting. And I would guess that over time, the basin has always been very good to us, but certainly very good for the U.S. industry. So I'm bullish on the basin. As you move towards New Mexico, it gets a lot gassier, you should understand. And a lot of people have big acreage positions out that way. And that depends really on your view about gas prices rather than oil prices. We're pretty much an oil company.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So your -- to summary, the 570 million here plus the overall position you have, you feel you can -- you've got enough inventory to grow the Permian, say, for the next 5 to 10 years?
Stephen I. Chazen: At least for the next 10 years. We'd continue to acquire more inventory when it's priced properly.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll hand the call back over for any closing remarks.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thank you very much. If you have any further questions, please call us here in Investor Relations in New York. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-25 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Edward Arthur Lowe - Vice President and President of Oxy Oil and Gas -International Production William E. Albrecht - President James M. Lienert - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher G. Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Neuhauser Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Stavros, you may begin your conference.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thank you, Christie, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Occidental Petroleum's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles are Steve Chazen, OXY's President and Chief Executive Officer; Lienert, OXY's Chief Financial Officer; Albrecht, President of our Domestic Oil and Gas operations; Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas business. And also listening in on the call is our Executive Chairman, Dr. Ray Irani. In just a moment, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Jim Lienert, who will review our financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2011. Steve Chazen will then follow with comments outlining our 2012 capital program and our outlook for our oil and gas production for the first half of this year. We'll conclude with a brief Q&A session after Steve's comments. Our fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings press release; Investor Relations supplemental schedules; and the conference call presentation slides, which refer to both Jim and Steve's remarks, can be downloaded off of our website, www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Jim. Jim, please go ahead.
James M. Lienert: Thank you, Chris. Net income was $1.6 billion or $2.01 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2011, compared to $1.2 billion or $1.49 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2010. Our consolidated pretax income from continuing operations in the fourth quarter of 2011 was about $2.6 billion, $2.02 per diluted share after tax, compared to approximately $2.9 billion, $2.18 per diluted share after tax, in the third quarter of 2011.  Major items resulting in the difference between the third and fourth quarter income included higher oil volumes and prices, which added $0.07 per diluted share after tax to our fourth quarter income; lower fourth quarter chemical and midstream income of $0.08 per diluted share; higher equity-based compensation cost of $0.05 per diluted share; higher exploration expense of $0.02 per diluted share; and higher fourth quarter operating costs of $0.08 per diluted share. Here's the segment breakdown for the fourth quarter. In the oil and gas segment, the fourth quarter 2011 production of 748,000 BOE per day was 9,000 BOE per day higher than the third quarter 2011 volumes of 739,000 BOE per day. Domestically, our production was 449,000 BOE per day, representing the highest ever domestic production volumes for the company, compared to our guidance of 442,000 to 444,000 BOE per day.  Our production costs rose by 13,000 BOE per day compared to the third quarter, with the Permian and California contributing the bulk of sequential increase in our overall domestic production volumes. Our better-than-expected fourth quarter domestic production reflected the effect of the ramp-up in capital spending, as well as higher levels of workover and well maintenance activity. In addition, the fourth quarter was relatively free of significant operational disruptions, which also contributed to the better-than-expected results. Latin America volumes were 31,000 BOE per day. Colombia volumes increased slightly from the third quarter, while both periods included pipeline interruptions caused by insurgent activity. In the Middle East region, we recorded "1,000 BOE per day" production in Libya. In Iraq, we produced 9,000 BOE per day, an increase of 5,000 BOE per day from the third quarter volumes. The higher volume is a result of higher spending levels. Yemen daily production was 23,000 BOE, a decrease of 5,000 BOE from the third quarter. The decrease reflected the timing of cost recovery and the expiration of Masila field contract in mid-December.  In Oman, the fourth quarter production was 76,000 BOE per day, a decrease of 3,000 BOE per day from the third quarter volumes. The decrease was attributable to downtime from operational issues. In Qatar, the fourth quarter production was 76,000 BOE per day, an increase of 3,000 BOE per day over the third quarter volumes.  In Dolphin and Bahrain combined, production decreased 6,000 BOE per day from the third quarter volumes. Dolphin volumes declined 9,000 BOE per day because, during the quarter, they reached annual maximum volumes allowed under its contract. Our fourth quarter sales volumes were 749,000 BOE per day compared to our guidance of 740,000 BOE per day. The improvement resulted from the higher domestic production. Fourth quarter 2011 realized prices were mixed for our products compared to the third quarter of the year. Our worldwide crude oil price -- crude oil realized price was $99.62 per barrel, an increase of 2.5%. Worldwide NGLs were $55.25 per barrel, a decrease of about 1.5%, and domestic natural gas prices were $3.59 per MCF, a decline of 15%. Realized oil prices for the quarter represented 106% of the average WTI and 91% of the average Brent price. Realized NGL prices were 59% of WTI and realized domestic gas prices were 98% of NYMEX. Price changes on current global prices affect our quarterly earnings before income tax by $38 million for a $1-per-barrel change in oil prices and $8 million for a $1-per-barrel change in NGL prices. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices reflects -- affects quarterly pretax earnings by about $31 million. Fourth quarter operating costs were about $130 million higher than the third quarter, as a result of higher workover and well maintenance activity, driven by our program to increase production at these higher levels of oil prices. Oil and gas cash production costs were $12.84 a barrel for the 12 months of 2011 compared with last year's 12-month costs of $10.19 a barrel. The cost increase reflects the higher workover and maintenance activity I mentioned earlier. Taxes other than on income, which are directly related to product prices, were $2.21 per barrel for the 12 months of 2011 compared to $1.83 per barrel for all of 2010. Fourth quarter exploration expense, which included the impairment of several smaller leases, was $73 million. Chemical segment earnings for the fourth quarter of 2011 were $144 million compared to $245 million in the third quarter of 2011. The drop in income was a result of seasonal factors. Midstream segment earnings of $70 million for the fourth quarter of 2011 were comparable to the $77 million in the third quarter of 2011. The significantly higher year end OXY stock price, compared to the distressed levels at the end of the third quarter, affected the quarterly valuation of equity-based compensation plans, reducing fourth quarter pretax income of the company compared to the third quarter by $80 million. The worldwide effective tax rate was 37% for the fourth quarter of 2011. Our fourth quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the Investor Relations supplemental schedule.  Let me now turn to Occidental's performance during the 12 months. Core income was $6.8 billion or $8.39 per diluted share, compared with $4.7 billion or $5.72 per diluted share in 2010. Net income was $6.8 billion or $8.32 per diluted share for the 12 months of 2011, compared with $4.5 billion or $5.56 per diluted share in 2010. Cash flow from operations for the 12 months of 2011 was $12.3 billion. We used $7.5 billion of the company's total cash flow to fund capital expenditures and $2.2 billion on net acquisitions and divestitures. We used $1.4 billion to pay dividends and had a net cash inflow from that activity of $0.6 billion. These and other net cash flows resulted in a $3.8 billion cash balance at December 31. Looking at overall cash flow simply, our total debt, net of cash, was $2.1 billion at December 31, 2011, compared to $2.5 billion at December 31, 2010, representing net cash generated by the company of $0.4 billion. During this period, we returned $1.7 billion to our stockholders in the form of $1.4 billion of dividends and $275 million of stock buybacks. Over 2 years, our net debt at December 31, 2011, was $0.5 billion higher compared to the $1.6 billion at December 31, 2009. During this period, we returned $2.9 billion to our stockholders in the form of dividends and stock buybacks, while executing an $11.5-billion capital program and spending about $6.9 billion on acquisitions. Capital expenditures for 2011 were approximately $7.5 billion, of which about $2.6 billion was incurred in the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter higher capital partially reflected the gradual ramp-up of our capital program during 2011. The increases were mostly at Williston domestically and Iraq, Oman and Qatar internationally. The fourth quarter capital also included spending for several midstream projects such as the Elk Hills gas processing plant, which will drop significantly during the first half of 2012 as these projects are completed. Total year capital expenditures by segment were 82% in oil and gas; 14% in midstream and the remainder in chemicals. Our net acquisition expenditures in the 12 months were $2.2 billion, which are net of proceeds from the sale of our Argentina operations. The acquisitions included a South Texas purchase; properties in California, the Permian and Williston; and a payment in connection with the signing of the Al Hosn gas project in Abu Dhabi, which is the gas development of the Shah Field. This payment was for Occidental's share of development expenditures incurred by the project prior to the date the final agreement was signed. The weighted-average basic shares outstanding for the 12 months of 2011 were 812.1 million and the weighted-average diluted shares outstanding were 812.9 million. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 13%, a decline of 1% from the end of last year. Our return on equity for 2011 was 19.3% and the return on capital employed was 17.2%. Oil and gas DD&A expense was $11.48 per BOE for 2011. We expect the oil and gas segment DD&A rate to be about $14 per barrel in 2012. The total chemical and midstream DD&A expense is expected to be about $650 million for 2012. We expect the operating cost per barrel to be about $13.75 in 2012. The 2012 expected costs reflect higher levels of workovers and well maintenance activity. However, significant and substantial product price changes and changes in activity levels and inflation resulting from product prices may affect this cost estimate during the course of the year.  Copies of the press release announcing our fourth quarter earnings and the Investor Relations supplemental schedules are available on our website or through the SEC's EDGAR system.  I'll now turn the call over to Steve Chazen to discuss our 2012 capital program, year-end oil and gas reserves, and provide guidance for the first half of the year.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Jim. We finished a strong year in terms of the 3 main performance criteria that I outlined last quarter. Our domestic oil and gas production grew by about 12% for the total year to 428,000 BOE per day. Fourth quarter domestic production of 449,000 BOE a day is the highest U.S. total production in OXY's history, reflecting the highest ever quarterly liquids volume of 310,000 barrels per day, the second highest quarterly volume for gas. Total company production increased about 4% for the year. Our chemical business delivered exceptional results for the year, achieving one of their highest earnings levels ever. Our return on equity was 19% for the year and our return on capital was 17%. We increased our annual dividends by $0.32 or 21% to $1.84 per share. We expect to announce a further dividend increase after the meeting of our Board of Directors, the 2nd week of February.  I will now turn to the 2012 capital program. As I mentioned last call, we have ample legitimate opportunities in our domestic oil and gas business where we could deploy capital. We have tried to manage the program to a level that is realistic at current prices and as a result, have deferred some projects that would otherwise have met our hurdle rates. We continue to have a substantial inventory of high-return projects to fulfill our growth objectives. We're increasing our capital program by about 10% in 2012 to $8.3 billion from the $7.5 billion we spent in 2011. About $500 million of this increase will be in the United States, mainly in the Permian basin, and the rest will be spent in the international projects, including the Al Hosn sour gas project in Iraq. The program breakdown is 84% oil and gas, about 11% in midstream and 5% in chemicals. We will review our capital program around midyear and adjust as conditions dictate. The following is a geographic overview of the program. In domestic oil and gas and related midstream projects, development capital will be about 55% of our total program. In California, we expect to spend about 21% of our total capital. We expect the rig count to remain constant in the first half of 2012 to 31, same as what we were running at the end of the year.  We are seeing improvement with respect to permitting issues in the state. We have received approved field rules and new permits for both injection wells and drilling locations. The regulatory agency is responsive and committed to working through the backlog of permits. We expect to maintain our capital program at current levels for about the first half of the year, which will enable us to grow production volumes. We will reassess our capital program when the number of permits in hand allows it. The Permian operations, we expect to spend about 20% of our total capital program. The rig count at year-end 2011 was 23. We expect the rig count to ramp up during the year to around 27 rigs by year end. Our CO2 flood capital should remain comfortable to 2011 levels. In our non-CO2 operations, we are seeing additional opportunities for good-return projects. As a result, we have stepped up their development program, and our 2012 capital will be about 75% higher than 2011 levels. In the Midcontinent and other operations, we plan to spend about 14% of our total capital. In the Williston, we have increased our acreage in 2011 from 204,000 acres to 277,000 acres. We expect that our rig count will be about 6 at the end of 2012. Additional capital that could reasonably be deployed here has been shifted to higher-return opportunities in California and the Permian. This may also encourage Bakken well costs to decline. Natural gas prices in the United States are -- it's written here, "horrible." I think that's probably an understatement. As a result, we are cutting back our pure gas drilling in the Midcontinent, South Texas and the Permian.  With regard to international capital spending, our total international development capital will be about 30% of the total company capital program. The Al Hosn Shah gas project will continue to increase spending in 2012 as originally planned, making up about 7% of our total capital program for the year. The rest of international operations capital will be comparable to 2011, with modest increase expected in Iraq and Libya.  In Iraq, the planned spending level should generate about 11,000 barrels a day of production. Each additional $100 million in spending, incurred evenly through the year, would generate about 2,700 barrels a day of production at current price levels. Exploration capital should increase about 10% over 2011 spending levels and represents 6% of the total capital program. The focus of the program domestically will continue to be in California and the Permian and Williston basins, with additional activity in Oman and Bahrain. With regard to our oil and gas reserves, we haven't completed determination of our year-end reserve levels. Based on preliminary estimates, our reserve replacement levels from all categories are somewhat over 100%. In the Middle East/North Africa, the highly profitable Dolphin project does not replace its production because of the nature of its contract. The makes overall reserve replacement for the Middle East/North Africa region very difficult. Despite this fact, the 2011 program, which includes only the reserve carry or its extensions to discoveries and improved recovery, covered about 70% of the region's productions.  Oil price increases, which under the production sharing contracts, reduce our share of the reserves; and non-fundamental factors in Libya and Iraq, essentially negated the reserve adds to the program. As the program progresses, we expect that Libya and Iraq reserves will be restored. In the United States, the results of 2011 program and acquisitions replaced around 250% of production with both elements contributing about equal amounts. After price and other adjustments to prior year estimates, U.S. reserve replacement was well over 150%. As we look ahead to 2012, we expect the oil and gas production to be as follows: During the first half of 2012, we expect our domestic production to grow 3,000 to 4,000 BOE a day per month in the current quarterly average of 449,000 BOE a day, which would correspond to a 6,000 to 8,000 BOE a day increase per quarter. As Jim noted, fourth quarter of 2011 was relatively free of significant operational disruptions, resulting in better-than-expected domestic production. A more typical experience with respect to such issues could moderate the growth somewhat in the first quarter of 2012. If the production growth rate continued at a comparable pace in the second half of the year, our year-over-year average domestic production growth would be similar, between 8% to 10% this year. Internationally, Colombia production should be about flat for the year compared to 2011. In the first quarter of 2012, volumes should be about 3,000 barrels a day higher than the fourth quarter of 2011, although insurgent activity has picked up recently. The Middle East region is expected to be as follows for the first half of the year. Production has resumed in our operations at Libya. And at this point, we expect about 5,000-barrel equivalent a day of production with further growth to come later in the year. At this point, we reasonably expect the total year production to be about half the level that existed prior to cessation of operations. In Iraq, as I discussed previously, production levels depend on capital spending. We are still unable to reliably predict the timing of spending levels, but we expect production to be similar to the past quarter. In Yemen, as we previously disclosed, our Masila block contract expired in December. Our share of the production at Masila was about 11,000 a day for the full year. Our remaining operations in Yemen typically have higher volumes early in the year due to timing of cost recovery each year, which will partially offset the loss of Masila barrels in the first half of 2012. As a result, we expect our total Yemen production to drop slightly from the fourth quarter 2011 levels in the first half of the year. The remainder of the Middle East, we expect production to be comparable to fourth quarter volumes. At current prices, we expect total first quarter sales volumes to be comparable to fourth quarter 2011 volumes, depending on the scheduling of liftings. A $5 change in global oil prices would impact our production sharing contract daily volumes by about 3,000 barrels per day. Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $100 million for seismic and drilling for our exploration programs in the first quarter.  The chemical segment first quarter earnings are expected to be about $165 million with seasonal demand improvement expected in the second and third quarters. We expect that lower natural gas prices and the continuing improvement in the global economy will have a positive impact on our chemical business margin, which is to be expected -- which is expected to be offset partially by higher ethylene prices. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate the first quarter of 2012 to increase to about 40%. The increase from 2011 reflects a higher proportional mix of international income with higher tax rates, particularly from Libya. To summarize, we closed 2011 on a solid note with high domestic oil and gas production in the fourth quarter, which is ahead of our guidance. We continued to generate strong financial returns, well above our cost of capital. We enter this year raising our capital program by 10% compared with last year in order to prudently pursue our substantial inventory of high-return growth projects. The business continues to grow and generate free cash flow after capital, which should allow us to consistently grow our dividend at an attractive rate, further boosting the total return to our shareholders. I think we're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Steve, I'm going to go very general on the questions, actually. First of all, I wondered if you could observe how you expect the U.S. natural gas market to rationalize itself, whether we've got an issue with associated gas production. Obviously, a very low price relative to the full cycle cost of production and so on. I just would be quite interested to hear what your latest views are on that.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, most -- the bulk of our gas is associated gas, so it comes off with oil. There's not much I can do about cutting that back. I don't think the gas -- I mean I think currently, we're -- the current price is clearly not sustainable. I don't think anybody's pure gas drilling works at whatever it is, $2.50, $2.60. I think we need to wait for the U.S. economy to improve. I just -- all these other fixes people talk about are much longer term. But if the U.S. economy improves, we'll use more natural gas and hopefully bring the prices up. But I think $2.50 for a rational person in drilling pure gas wells, no matter what they say -- maybe they hedged it or something for next year. It's just not a sensible price and is significantly below any rational replacement cost. We can't do much about ours to reduce it because we just don't drill that many pure gas wells. We're not going to shut any in because, again, most of the gas is associated. It has -- you have to have -- in order to make this work, you have to have a reduction in gas drilling and improvement in the U.S. economy. And frankly, the costs to drilling the wells have to come down. We're obviously not, --despite what some people think, we're obviously not going to be in a $10-per-MCF gas price environment anytime soon. And so we need to bring the cost of drilling of gas wells down to rational levels. Some of that will come from efficiencies and some of it will come out of service companies.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the second very general one is on M&A. Firstly, specifically to OXY, whether you're seeing the potential for more deals or whether you're happy with your organic growth rate as it stands today. And also, industry-wide would be interesting as well, the M&A trend for 2012.
Stephen I. Chazen: Most of the stuff that's for sale is pretty gassy right now. And the prices that people are talking about don't reflect rational, current or even the strip in gas prices. We try to buy things for inventory, that is to say drilling 3, 4, 5 years from now. Not trying to buy current production. So I think the organic in the United States is fine. And I think we'll be fine overall. So I'm not really in any hurry to spend a lot of money on some acquisitions, especially a very capital-intensive one. A lot of the things that are being done are extraordinarily capital-intensive. On a good day, the cash flow equals capital. And so, that's just not what we want to build. So I'm really reluctant to enter one of these capital traps.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Understood. And then very finally, on California, post-regulatory change, have you had a notable change?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, I think I say that in the remarks that clearly, we've gotten some permits, some injector permits. It's the first time in a long time we got that. And clearly, a change in attitude. And so I -- the question is really where you get the permits, not necessarily exactly how many. But I think as we approach midyear, we'll have a sizable opportunity based on current trends. So I think we're -- we feel pretty good about this at this point, especially -- it may be that you were being hit in the head with 2 hammers, now only 1 and you feel better. But right now, we feel pretty good about this.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, and the guidance last time we spoke was 5 rigs added every 6 months, constrained by...
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, I think once we get rolling and the permits come at a more normal rate, the rig count will pick up. But right now, we'll wait until the permits are in hand.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I got a couple as well, if I may. I wanted to just pick up on Paul's final point there. It looks to us that you got about a couple hundred permits in the last few months of the year. As you say, a pretty significant step up. Can you give us an idea of how that's being split between unconventional -- or sorry, I guess the rate of unconventional drilling and the new conventional exploration program? And I've got a couple of follow-ups, please.
Stephen I. Chazen: Most of the permits are within fields. So they were within existing fields, because those are some ways the easiest permits to give. So I think that's the best way to say it, so within current field boundaries, because those are the easiest thing to clear. And so there's no way to tell you what the split is, but it's really within the existing fields.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, well, maybe my second question is really on the conventional exploration program. Because I think when we last spoke, Steve, you suggested that's where your preference for incremental capital would be. Are you actually done delineating the original Gunslinger [ph] exploration discovery? Or are you basically done with that and moved on to new exploration targets? In which case, can you give us an update on progress?
Stephen I. Chazen: We're in a development phase on the -- there will be more wells drilled this year in that. And while it may not be perfectly delineated, it'd be delineated through a development phase, not an exploration phase. We basically moved on to look for other opportunities, so that's really -- that program has moved out of exploration.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Go it, okay. And then my final one is, in 2010, you suggested that you could double your midstream earnings to about $1 billion. And I think a large part of that was predicated upon the increased steam flood at Mukhaizna. Can you just give us an update as to where both of those things stand? And then I'll leave it at that.
Stephen I. Chazen: Most of the -- and Mukhaizna doesn't generate any midstream earnings. Most of it was different gas processing projects around California and the Permian and the Al Hosn gas processing. So that's where a lot of it is. There's other pieces around our pipeline business. The pipeline business actually did -- is doing pretty good. So that's growing nicely and we're putting more effort in the pipeline business, because we think there's more money to be made there, so -- and the additional tariffs in Dolphin also is another area of significant growth, as they're moving more gas and we're getting -- we may not get credit for barrels but we're getting a fair amount of fee income. It's not -- Mukhaizna uses gas but don't make money on gas.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, I guess what I was referring to, Steve, was the incremental steam flood on the mid -- I was under the impression that you had some control of the pipelines over there and that would generate some revenue for the gas.
Stephen I. Chazen: As they use more gas, the gas will have to come from Dolphin, and there'll be more fee income from that. I guess that's the way to think about it.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Well, maybe just to clarify and then I'll jump off. The Mukhaizna steam flood expansion, has that been permitted and approved? Or what is the status of that?
Stephen I. Chazen: Maybe Sandy can answer that.
Edward Arthur Lowe: The permitting is up to about 680,000 barrels of steam per day and we're running about 430,000, so we're just about to bring on quite a bit more this year. In fact, most of it comes on this year. We're now looking at the practicalities and possibilities of a third phase of steam flooding as we further understand this reservoir.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Chipman from Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: First question just quickly, could you please give us an update, Steve, on current well cost really in the Bakken, the Wolfberry and the Bone Springs?
Stephen I. Chazen: Bakken well cost hasn't really changed from the third quarter. It's still too high for what you get relative to our other projects. Somebody else may have a different hurdle rate than we do. So we've cut back. I don't think we've had any real inflation and -- Bill?
William E. Albrecht: Just on the Wolfberry, we're looking -- depending on where you are in the basin, $2 million to $2.5 million completed well costs there. And in the Bone Springs, those long-reach horizontals are somewhere in the $6-million to $7-million per well range.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then in the Bakken, I think the last update was $8 million to $8.5 million, so that's...
William E. Albrecht: It's still a good number, Jessica, yes.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. Then just my second question. Your comments around the acquisition potential and to be a capital trap even sort of as a segue into this question. So OXY has ramped activity pretty significantly recently and CapEx is increasing as a percent of total cash flow. 2011 looks more like 2/3 of cash flow whereas historically, Oxy was more in the 45% to 50% range. The question is just, in general, how you think about capital efficiency as OXY allocates spend from long-dated international projects to more capital-intensive drilling in the U.S.
Stephen I. Chazen: The long-dated projects are just that. The returns will be good, just a few years before the production starts. In the United States, you can't really ignore the fact that the price of oil is not $40 anymore, which is the way we used to budget it, but some other higher number. The objective of the exercise is that we spend about 25% of our money on finding and development; about 25% on lifting cost, production taxes, that sort of thing; giving us 50% gross pretax margins. So as oil prices go up -- and we got a lot of oil in place around both in California and the Permian. As oil prices go up, we're going to spend more on -- to basically raise the bar. It won't raise the capital, and I don't think it will hurt the capital efficiency over time. But you got -- you just have to -- you can't just assume the price of oil is going to be $40, nor can you say, "Well, what I'm going to do is I'm going to -- not going to spend the money and store the oil in the ground." So just a balance between returns and growth, and we've tried to have a system where we're sort of in between. We're not trying to spend all of our capital for sure, and we're not trying to also deplete the business. You can cut the capital and get whatever you want, but your returns would go up but the business would deplete. We could spend a lot more money and have a lot more growth. And we wouldn't have the high dividend, the growth rate that companies enjoy and will continue to enjoy. I don't know how else to answer it.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Then just 2 very, very quick ones. Going forward, will you then target a certain plowback ratio in terms of capital as a percent of cash flow? And...
Stephen I. Chazen: No. It's totally driven by the opportunity set. And so it's not driven by some formula. It's driven by an opportunity set to -- and it depends on oil prices. Even our workover program is really an oil-price-driven program. If you get your money back real quick, we'll spend more money on workovers. Oil prices decline, you won't get your money back so quick, we'll spend less. It's really that simple. It's not very -- these are short-term programs to some extent. The stuff that's drilling in the Permian, a lot of oil there and I think capturing oil at $100 a barrel, probably a pretty good business.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And just last, will you provide an update sometime this year on the long-term growth rate of 5% to 8%? Is that still what you're targeting for 2012?
Stephen I. Chazen: That's still a long-term target. We've had a variety of reasons, mostly outside of our control. We had a tougher year in the Middle East than we'd anticipated. But I mean, when that gets back on track, pretty straightforward to make the growth rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Westlake from Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess in the past, shale has not been as much of a priority given, I guess, the returns that you have in California in the Permian, and your CO2 floods. But I guess you're increasing rig counts. You've given the cost, just announced to that previous question, for the Wolfberry and the Bone Springs. But I mean, is it encouraging progress on recoveries, EURs and IPs that's encouraging you to spend more? Or is it the oil price?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it's both. If oil were $30, the higher recoveries wouldn't be any good, so it's oil price. I mean we're driven by this 25% F&D sort of margin thought, or 50% including all our costs. And we don't use the $100 oil but we're sure not using $40 to do this. And it's a relatively straightforward -- there where we have a large inventory, we can either spend a lot more or a lot less. It's really in our control. We're going to ramp the program up or down based on how we -- based on the returns that we see looking at these margins. These margins will generate, by the way, very substantial returns on invested capital. The accounting type, not the IRR things people talk about, which I could have pressed you with those but I don't think they're really meaningful.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And on the mix in terms of the increase, more Wolfberry wells or more Bone Spring wells, just in terms of sort of like...
Stephen I. Chazen: They're more Wolfberry, aren't they, Bill?
William E. Albrecht: Yes, the preponderance of our program -- development program, is Wolfberry in the Permian for 2012, Ed.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Good. And just on California, obviously you increase 5 rigs, say, every 6 months from the middle of this year. Any thoughts on where you see the sort of the maximum rig counts for California, driven by obviously internal constraints, say, organizational and maybe external constraints?
Stephen I. Chazen: No, I don't have any idea. We'll find out -- as the program boosts, we'll see where it takes us. It's relatively people-intensive, so you have to build your organization as you go. It's not just a bunch of guys, hopefully with -- hopefully, it's not a bunch of guys just fooling around on a computer. So you have got to build the organization as you go and you have to -- the people have to get more experienced. So you want to do it in a way you're not wasting money. The resource isn't going away. As we own the minerals -- we either own the minerals or we have very long leases, the resource isn't going away. So we got a lot of flexibility on when. And I really don't have any idea because the program always has surprises. Some of them are good surprises; some of them are not. But the program always has surprises. It's very difficult -- especially in California, it's very difficult to predict some maximum rate.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: A final question for me. You said most of the permits are within fields when we're talking about the increase in permits. Any progress on sort of geologically and doing the EA, environmental assessments, to sort of define some new field areas within the acreage?
Stephen I. Chazen: Oh yes, we're doing that. We'll get the permits eventually. This is just where we are right now. Because the state -- it's easy to clear permits within a field. I mean, it's easy in theory. They weren't doing it before. So that allows us to have a decent program and a predictable program. But there's a fair amount of progress. There's always issues in California, environmental issues that they're rightly concerned about. So are we. So I think there's always going to be something that isn't perfect for us. But we're pretty encouraged the way things are going now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sven Del Pozzo of IHS Herold.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: I know you've got the royalty advantage in California. I'm wondering if on your Permian acreage, you have similar advantages because you've had the acreage for a long time.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think our royalty interests are significantly below average. And if you went over the whole thing, compared to current things, it's not as great an advantage as in California for sure, because a lot of ranchers still own the underlying minerals. I'm going to guess it's sort of 9 to 10 points of average against new leases that somebody might take.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Okay. And some Permian E&Ps, talking about the Wolfberry again, with the inclusion of some other interbedded [ph] zones -- perhaps it's varied from area to area -- we're talking about a 25% increase in EUR compared to a couple of years ago that the reservoir engineers are giving them. And a little bit less than that on IP rates, but I was wondering whether you're experiencing similar performance given the application of new hydraulic fracturing techniques.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we need to hire their reservoir engineers, as they have different numbers than we do.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Okay. Then just for clarification, in the Bone Springs, are we talking Avalon Shale or the Bone Springs sands? How is the program weighted?
William E. Albrecht: It's definitely more weighted to the Bone Springs sands because, as you know, that's an oily play, whereas the Avalon is mainly gas.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Okay. Any interest in vertical stacked pays in the, say, Wolf, Bone or drilling vertically on your acreage at this point in Bone Springs now?
William E. Albrecht: Yes, we're looking at that as well.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Okay. And then last question. Could you just give me a general impression of John Laird, what you know about him historically and what you've seen most recently? What you like?
Stephen I. Chazen: Who?
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: Secretary of Natural Resources that's been appointed by Jerry Brown, the new guy?
Stephen I. Chazen: That's a lot higher than -- we're sort of nuts and bolts people working with people giving permits. Policies are best left to more sophisticated people than us.
Sven Del Pozzo - IHS Herold, Inc: So it's bottom-up kind of bottlenecking you could say that's helping things along.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's right in the agency that generates permits, which is basically an engineering discussion about things. It's not about California environmental policies, which is way above my pay grade.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Neuhauser of Livermore Partners.
David Neuhauser: My question is a little bit macro. I wanted to see or give some thought into some of the headwinds that are currently facing the company as you look out this year and the next few years. I mean, we've had hard asset, hard commodity prices that actually fall overall this past year with the strengthening dollar. But at the same time, we've seen recoupling between WTI and Brent crude. So I wanted to see if you think the prices will remain stable in this band or what your current thoughts are on the landscape.
Stephen I. Chazen: For planning purposes, we're always more conservative than the current pricing. We're not very good at predicting this, you should understand. We were conservative at $25 oil too. So as a matter of running the business, we're always conservative about how we manage the business and what we expect for product prices. Having said that, I think globally, it costs more to find a barrel of oil -- I'm talking about oil, not gas -- than it did a few years ago. And it doesn't make a difference where that is. The overall finding costs are rising. And I think it's very likely that, that will continue to push prices higher over time. But just for planning purposes, we're always conservative about it. There's always a bearish argument for oil prices. There's always some explanation of why it's going to go down. And there's also the sort of the wacky extreme arguments it's going to be $200 a barrel in an hour. So I think it's almost impossible to ever -- I'd [ph] accept a general view that over time, it will rise with costs and to be, I think, conservative on a short-term basis.
David Neuhauser: Okay. And what about opportunities in general? I know you touched on a bit of M&A activities out there today and that you're seeing a lot of gassy assets. But are there areas out there or areas that you'd like to focus on where you could see increasing your footprint it, would be more advantageous to do so with an acquisition?
Stephen I. Chazen: We're basically not, as a rule, company buyers. There's always properties around. And we added in the Bakken basically not by buying companies, but by buying assets. We'll continue to do that. I wouldn't expect to see some new areas, if that's the question. But we'll see. I'm always surprised at what shows up in the course of a year. My ability to predict this is even less good than my ability to predict oil prices.
David Neuhauser: Okay. And my last question is, what are some things -- I mean, you seem again to be hitting on all cylinders for the most part on the year. And I guess my question is, what are some of the things that you're most not happy with, with the company's performance today that you would definitely like to see...
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we can get more efficient. I think there's always improvements in efficiency that are around. I think we're on an efficiency drive, but I think that's always something that we're looking for. You never get -- the problem with the goal is you never get to perfect. And even if you did, we'd move the goalposts. So not much chance at getting to perfect. So we look for that, and I'm always unhappy about some of the physical breakdowns. The infrastructure in the United States needs work. And so we get more breakdowns in infrastructure than you might like, so the full potential of the business really never shows up in any quarter. Those are the main things I'm concerned about. I can't do anything about the oil prices. No sense at being worried about it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from John Herrlin of Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Just some quick ones, Steve. In terms of your California spend, what would the breakdown be conventional versus unconventional, or shale versus your normal business?
Stephen I. Chazen: Probably about half, about half. I wouldn't take that number to the bank. It's probably -- it's about right. And it changes from month to month, as you can imagine.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. That's fine. In terms of your midstream spend, how much of that is going to be in California and the Midcontinent?
Stephen I. Chazen: Most of the spend in the midstream is the gas plant in -- right now in the Al Hosn gas plant. So that big number there is pretty much that. The gas plant in California will be done. This one -- this plant will be done -- the spending will be pretty much done by midyear for sure, most of the remaining spend in probably this quarter. And then, there'll be some gas plant spending in the Permian on CO2 plants and stuff, but a much lower level. But the big number you see there is the finishing up in the California plant and the gas plant and the Al Hosn gas plant.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Last 2 for me. What's water disposal running per barrel in the Bakken in terms of cost?
Stephen I. Chazen: That's definitely something I don't know. We'll find that.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: And the last one, any issues with proppants since you're doing a lot of exploitation?
Stephen I. Chazen: With what?
Stephen I. Chazen: Proppant.
William E. Albrecht: No, we haven't had any supply issues.
Stephen I. Chazen: You're asking about supply issues?
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Correct.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, no. No.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Steve, just want to go back to, I think, some of your comments on Iraq and Libya. The spending level in Iraq, you talked about, about a "11,000 barrel a day" sort of number for the year, I believe. How confident are you in that number? Are things kind of -- are things getting done on the ground there to be able to keep that spending level fairly consistent?
Stephen I. Chazen: Sandy will answer that.
Edward Arthur Lowe: We've had a series of meetings in November and December with the procurement committees in Iraq. And they've recently approved a number of drilling-related contracts, and indeed the main drilling contract got a letter-of-intent approval. This will get all the drilling started. The facilities that will be needed for the increasing production are under bid right now, and they're coming through the committees in the first and second quarter. So we are seeing an opening up of procurement, which of course drives our production.
Stephen I. Chazen: So to put it in sort of financial terms, I think we feel okay about the 11,000, but it's certainly not the most solid number. On the other hand, if it worked right, it would be more.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And in Libya, what's the situation on the ground with you guys right now? How confident are you that you can bring back those volumes to a level that you outlined in your prepared remarks?
Stephen I. Chazen: Sandy can answer that.
Edward Arthur Lowe: Right now, the gross production in the fields where we have an interest are about 65%, 70% of what they were before the conflict started. We are continuing -- and our Libyan partners are continuing to repair and improve, and they still have a small drilling program going. So I think that we'll be back up to normal later this year, probably in the third quarter. We're still working with an interim government, so we're currently meeting with our counterparts in Libya every day to discuss how to go forward and how to increase production even further.
Stephen I. Chazen: We try to be conservative in the estimate for that, understanding things don't work perfectly.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And last question. In Bahrain, any updates on -- I think, is it the exploration of the deep gas sort of rights that you guys have?
Stephen I. Chazen: We're doing it with the wells this year. Yes, a well will be drilled this year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: How many, Steve, sorry?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think it's supposed to be -- it's one deep and a couple of others. Whether they get all done this year is a different issue. But the drilling will start this year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Any operational issues in Bahrain following some of the civil unrest?
Stephen I. Chazen: Sandy?
Edward Arthur Lowe: It's a little more difficult place to work. We have trouble with our contractor sometimes, but it's been relatively quiet recently. We're watching the anniversary of the initial problems there. But it's affected our production only a few hundred barrels on a per-day basis over the year. Things are reasonably okay.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's growing. It's probably a little behind where we thought we'd be, but it's actually growing and doing fine.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Quick question about Colombia. Given that it's one of the very few assets you have outside the Mid East and the U.S., of course, any interest in monetizing that?
Stephen I. Chazen: No. If you ask a short question, you got a short answer.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: No, it makes a lot of sense. And just one more, if I may, about California. You've talked about permitting getting sort of tentatively better. Are there any catalysts that you envision to meaningfully accelerate the change in permitting approach of the administration there?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think generally, they're going back to a version of their historic rules, and they have a sizable backlog from us and others, I'm sure, to clear. And so, what they have to do is work through to get back to their historic rules. And again, the easiest ones to clear are the ones within the fields. I think they'll get to some version of the historical rules. There'll be other rules that won't be quite historical, but I'm not really concerned. As long as we understand the rules, we'll abide by them. There isn't really a long-term problem. It's just that the rules have to be clear to us, that's all.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Is it fair to say that in the last 12 months since Brown came into office, there has been a systemic change in how they approach it versus the...
Stephen I. Chazen: The governor is very pro-jobs, -industry, whatever you want to say, and has been someone who understands that businesses generate jobs. That or a fair number of jobs here in California, we continue to. And I think the governor understands that and is appreciative of that. And it's a very -- he's very interested in this and very interested in employment here in the state, and we're pleased with the governor's involvement.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And just one last quick one. Did you book any reserves in Iraq in 2011?
Stephen I. Chazen: 2011? We booked some in 2010 based on the program that was approved. Unfortunately, the program, because of a variety of reasons -- and the program is only approved through 2013. For a variety of reasons, we didn't achieve the program in 2011, mostly because we didn't spend the money and we couldn't. So the net result was that the reserves were negatively affected by the program. Those reserves will come back once the -- you can't book reserves beyond where the program has been approved by the government. So once they give us approval beyond 2013, those reserves will come back. As a technical matter, those reserves came off. Chris?
Christopher G. Stavros: Thanks for joining us, everyone. And if there's further questions, please call us here in New York. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Edward Arthur Lowe - Vice President and President of Oxy Oil and Gas -International Production James M. Lienert - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher G. Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ann L. Kohler - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Christopher Stavros. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thank you, Christie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Occidental Petroleum's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles are Steve Chazen, Oxy's President, Chief Executive Officer; Jim Lienert, Oxy's Chief Financial Officer; Bill Albrecht, President of our Domestic Oil and Gas operations; and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas business. In just a moment, I'll turn the call over to Jim, our CFO, who will review our financial and operating results for the third quarter and first 9 months of 2011. Chazen will then follow with some comments on Oxy's strategy and outlook for the fourth quarter, and we'll conclude with a brief Q&A session. Our third quarter earnings press release, Investor Relations' supplemental schedules and the conference call presentation slides, which refer to both Jim and Steve's remarks, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Jim Lienert. Jim, please go ahead.
James M. Lienert: Thank you, Chris. Core income was $1.8 billion, or $2.18 per diluted share, in the third quarter this year compared to $1.2 billion, or $1.48 per diluted share, in the third quarter of last year. Net income was $1.8 billion, or $2.17 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2011 compared to $1.2 billion, or $1.46 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2010. The small difference between net and core income is due to discontinued operations. Here's a segment breakdown for the third quarter. Oil and Gas segment earnings for the third quarter of 2011 were $2.6 billion, the same as the second quarter of 2011 and compared to $1.8 billion in the third quarter of 2010. Higher volumes this quarter compared to the second quarter of 2011 resulted in flat quarter-to-quarter income despite lower prices. The improvement in 2011 over the same period in 2010 was driven by higher production in liquids prices. The third quarter 2011 realized prices increased on a year-over-year basis by 34% for crude oil, 41% for NGLs and remained about flat for domestic natural gas. Sales volumes, which are different than production volumes due to timing of liftings. We're 743,000 BOE per day compared to 713,000 BOE per day in the third quarter of 2010. Our production was 739,000 BOE per day compared to 706,000 in the third quarter of 2010, which included production from Libya. This represents a greater than 4.5% increase year-over-year, reflecting our continued focus on production growth. The third quarter production was also more than 3% higher than the second quarter 2011 volumes of 715,000 BOE per day. Domestically, our production was 436,000 BOE per day, representing the highest-ever domestic production volumes for the company compared to our guidance of 430,000 to 432,000 BOE per day. Our production in California rose by 6,000 BOE per day compared to the second quarter and contributed a large portion of the sequential increase in our overall domestic production volumes. Latin America volumes were 30,000 BOE per day. Columbia volumes decreased from the second quarter due to pipeline interruptions caused by insurgent activity. In the Middle East region, we recorded no production in Libya. In Iraq, we produced 4,000 BOE per day. Yemen daily production was 28,000 BOE, slightly ahead of our guidance. In Oman, the third quarter production was 79,000 BOE per day, an increase of 3,000 BOE per day over the second quarter volumes. In Qatar, the third quarter production was 73,000 BOE per day, an increase of 5,000 BOE per day over the second quarter volumes. The increase reflected the results of the development program, as well as maintenance issues that affected the second quarter volumes. In Dolphin and Bahrain combined, production increased 3,000 BOE per day from the second quarter volumes. Our third quarter sales volumes were 743,000 BOE per day compared to our guidance of 725,000 BOE per day. The improvement resulted mainly from the higher domestic production and the timing of liftings. Third quarter 2011 realized prices declined for all of our products from the second quarter of the year. Our worldwide crude oil realized price was $97.24 per barrel, a decrease of 6%. Worldwide NGLs were $56.06 per barrel, a decline of 3%, and domestic natural gas prices were about flat at $4.23 per MCF. Differentials improved in the quarter, resulting in realized oil prices representing 108% of the average WTI and 87% of the average Brent price. About 60% of Oxy's oil production tracks world oil prices, and 40% is indexed to WTI. For example, in California, our realized price was 114% of WTI and 91% of Brent in the third quarter. In Oman, our average price was 117% of WTI and 93% of Brent. Price changes at current global prices affect our quarterly earnings before income taxes by $38 million for a $1 per barrel change in oil prices and $7 million for a $1 per barrel change in NGL prices. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices affects quarterly pretax earnings by about $34 million. Oil and gas cash production costs were $12.36 a barrel for the first 9 months of 2011 compared with last year's 12-month cost of $10.19 a barrel. The cost increase reflects higher workover and maintenance activity, driven by our program to increase production at these higher levels of oil prices. Taxes other than on income, which are directly related to product prices, were $2.29 per barrel for the first 9 months of 2011 compared to $1.83 per barrel for all of 2010. Total exploration expense was $39 million in the quarter. Chemical segment earnings for the third quarter of 2011 were $245 million compared to $253 million in the second quarter of 2011 and $189 million in the third quarter of 2010. The improvement in third quarter results on a year-over-year basis reflects higher margins across most product lines. In addition, during the third quarter of 2011, we temporarily idled certain production in our Texas plants and sold power to the grid during the power shortage, resulting in an increase in the quarter's earnings. Midstream segment earnings for the third quarter of 2011 were $77 million compared to $187 million in the second quarter of 2011 and $163 million in the third quarter of 2010. The decreases from the second quarter and prior third quarter earnings were due to losses from our Phibro unit, both for the quarter and year-to-date, partially offset by higher pipeline income and increased power sales to the grid during the third quarter. The worldwide effective tax rate was 38% for the third quarter of 2011. Our third quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the Investor Relations' supplemental schedule. Let me now turn to Occidental's performance during the first 9 months. Core income was $5.2 billion, or $6.37 per diluted share, compared with $3.4 billion, or $4.14 per diluted share, in 2010. Net income was $5.1 billion, or $6.31 per diluted share, for the first 9 months of 2011 compared with $3.3 billion, or $4.07 per diluted share, in 2010. Cash flow from operations for the first 9 months of 2011 was $8.6 billion. We used $5 billion of the company's total cash flow to fund capital expenditures and $1.5 billion on net acquisitions and divestitures. We used $1.1 billion to pay dividends and had a net cash inflow from debt activity of $600 million. These and other net cash flows resulted in a $4 billion cash balance at September 30. Capital spending was $5 billion for the first 9 months, of which $2 billion was spent in the third quarter. Year-to-date capital expenditures by segment were 83% in Oil and Gas, 14% in Midstream and the remainder in Chemicals. Our net acquisition expenditures for the first 9 months were $1.5 billion, which are net of proceeds from the sale of our Argentina operations. The acquisitions included the South Texas purchase, properties in California and the Permian and a payment in connection with the signing of the Al Hosn gas project in Abu Dhabi, which is a gas development of the Shah Field. This payment was for Occidental's share of development expenditures incurred by the project prior to the date the final agreement was signed. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the first 9 months of 2011 were $812.6 million, and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $813.3 million. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 14%, the same as the end of last year. During the third quarter of 2011, Oxy issued senior notes of $1.3 billion due in 2017 and $900 million due in 2022 at a weighted average interest rate of 2.3%, which brought the company's average effective borrowing rate down to 3.2%. Our annualized return on equity for the first 9 months of the year was 20%. Copies of the press release announcing our third quarter earnings and the Investor Relations supplemental schedules are available on our website at www.oxy.com or through the SEC's EDGAR system. I'll now turn the call over to Steve Chazen to discuss Oxy's strategy to maximize total shareholder return and provide guidance for the fourth quarter.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Jim. This morning, I want to spend a few minutes discussing Occidental's overriding goal to maximize total shareholder return.  We believe this can be achieved through a combination of: first, growing our oil and gas production by 5% to 8% a year on average over the long-term; second, allocating and deploying capital with a focus on achieving oil above cost of capital returns; and finally, consistent dividend growth. I'd like to give you an update of our progress year-to-date. Oil and gas production, the impact of our capital program and increase in drilling activity started to have a visible impact on our domestic oil and gas production volumes. Compared to the second quarter, our domestic production increased about 6,000 BOE per day per month compared to our guidance of 3,000 or 4,000 BOE per day. This increase resulted in domestic production of 436,000 BOE a day for the third quarter compared to 430,000 to 432,000 BOE a day guidance we gave you. Third quarter 2011 domestic production is the highest U.S. total production in Oxy's history, reflecting the highest-ever volumes for liquids. Compared to the prior year, total company third quarter production of 739,000 BOE a day was affected by a 7% decline in our international production. This reduction was a result of disruptions in the Middle East and North Africa and the impact of higher prices on our production sharing contract. On a year-over-year basis, our domestic production volumes increased by 15%. In our operations, we experienced disruptions affecting our production. Examples of such events in the third quarter of 2011 included the Elk Hills gas plant shutdown due to mechanical issues, mechanical issues with plants, compressors and pipelines in the Permian and Qatar and insurgent activity in Colombia that caused a significant portion of our production to be shut in for about 10 days. Without these events, our production would would've been 10,000 to 15,000 BOE a day or higher, which is more representative of our assets' current theoretical productive capacity. Some of these constraints have been removed, and we expect others removed over time. Others are not within our control and will reoccur. We believe our capital program will yield higher production growth and reliability over time. Turning to returns. Our return equity, as Jim pointed out, for the first 9 months was 20%. Our return on capital employed annualized for the first 9 months was 18%. We will continue to manage our capital program and acquisition strategy to yield well above cost of capital returns. Dividend growth is an important part of our total return to shareholders. Our ability to pay dividends is indicated by our free cash flow generation. Free cash flow after interest, taxes and capital spending but before dividends, acquisitions and debt activity for the first 9 months of the year, was $3.7 billion. Oxy's annual dividend rate is currently $1.84 per share, or about $1.1 billion for the first 9 months of 2011. Oxy has increased its dividends 10x in the last 9 years, resulting in a compound annual dividend growth rate of 15.6%. Keeping with our philosophy to raise the dividend on a consistent basis, the Board of Directors is expected to consider a dividend increase at the February meeting. Turning to a topic which I know is favored among at least some of you, share repurchases. The policy on possible share repurchase remains essentially unchanged. We do not do share repurchases as an alternative to dividends. We believe that dividends are given directly the shareholders while the effects of share repurchases on the stock price is at best murky. Therefore, you should not expect a program of regular share repurchases set to offset any shares issued on our employee programs. These share issues tend to be very small. If there's continuing excess cash, it will be used to boost the dividend rate. We do consider using the shareholders' capital to buy shares when the stock is trading at discount for the results we can expect from our capital acquisition program. To assist you in determining this, the analysis we employ is as follows: the value of the chemical and midstream assets that are not directly related to our production is determined. This is done on a very conservative basis. The debt and cash levels of the company are netted. The current capital program finding the development cost for each of oil and of gas are estimated. We use only proved reserves in the calculation, not probable or possible reserves, and we don't consider the value of acreage. The result of this analysis is not the value the company, but rather determination of whether the next dollars should be spent on capital or share repurchases. Normally, this results in a decision to invest in the business rather than a decision to buy in shares. When we do repurchase shares, we will make only the required public announcements in order to minimize what you pay for the stock, thereby enriching the remaining shareholders and not assisting the exiting ones. This approach eliminates our natural bias to think the stock is always undervalued and makes the calculations pretty straightforward. We have sufficient authority to purchase significant number of shares. Form 10-Q filings will show if any shares were purchased, at what price and how many shares remain authorized. Small repurchases are indicative of employee plan activities. We value the company's financial flexibility, especially in times of stress. It would be a disservice to our shareholders to impair that flexibility to achieve some theoretical short-term advantage. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter of the year, we expect oil and gas production to be as follows: Domestic volumes are expected to increase by about 3,000 to 4,000 BOE per day per month in the current quarterly average level of 436,000 BOE per day. This should result in a fourth quarter production of about 442,000 to 444,000 BOE per day. This would constitute a year-over-year domestic production growth rate exceeding 10% and about 6% a year production growth rate going forward. In terms of review of our major domestic assets. In California, for the year, we expect to drill and complete 154 shale wells outside of Elk Hills compared to the 107 wells we had indicated at the beginning of the year. Including Elk Hills, we expect to drill 195 shale wells for the year. We expect to drill and complete a total of 42 shale wells during the fourth quarter. Our experience has been the 30-day initial production rate for these wells, depending on areas between 300 and 400 barrels of oil equivalent per day. With respect to shale wells outside of Elk Hills, about 80% of the BOE production is a combination of black oil and high-value condensate. The cost of drilling and completing these wells has been running about $3.5 million per well, and we expect this to continue to decline over time. Our conventional drilling program is progressing somewhat better than planned. There has been no significant change in the -- of permitting issues in the state from our last call. We expect the current permitting levels to allow us to have our program go forward at these levels and enable us to continue to grow our production volumes in the state. We expect the production rig count to remain at the same 29 rig count, although we're likely to add a 30th rig by the end of the year based on a current outlook. In the Permian operations, our CO2 flood production is progressing according to plan. We expect our rig count to be about 24 in the fourth quarter. Our non-CO2 operations have stepped up their development program. This will not show significant production growth until next year. In the Williston, we are pursuing a development program with about 13 rigs expected to be running in the fourth quarter. Our production is growing as a result of the development program, and we expect the growth to continue. Natural gas prices in the United States continue to be, it says here weak, but I think, poor. As a result, we are considering cutting back our pure gas drilling in the midcontinent and possibly elsewhere. Internationally, we believe that once the current uncertainties are behind us, including the resolution of situations in Libya, the achievement of a sustained development program in Iraq, we will achieve production growth similar to our domestic operations. We expect that our fourth quarter international production to be about the same as the third quarter production, 4% higher than the second quarter of this year, which represented a low point of volumes following the situation in Libya. Colombia volumes should be modestly higher than the third quarter assuming no further pipeline attacks. The Middle East region is expected to be as follows in the fourth quarter: At this point, we expect no significant production from Libya. Our joint venture partnerships are currently in the process of resuming production, but production ramp-up will be hampered in the near term by lack of vehicles and personnel to address operational problems in the prolonged shut-in. In Iraq, we expect production to be similar to the last quarter. Going forward, we are still unable to reliably predict spending levels which determine production. In the remainder of the Middle East, we expect production to be comparable to third quarter volumes. At current -- at quarter end prices, we expect total production to increase to about 745,000 BOE a day as a result of the 3,000 to 4,000 BOE a day per month coming from the domestic production. We expect sales volumes to be around 740,000 a day to the timing of liftings. A $5 change in global oil prices would impact our production sharing contract daily volumes by about 3,000 BOE a day. We expect our total year capital expenditures to be about $7 billion. Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $100 million for seismic and drilling for exploration programs in the fourth quarter. Chemical segment fourth quarter earnings, which is historically the weakest quarter, are expected to be about $100 million. This reduction in the third quarter is due to seasonal slowdowns in many markets as construction, consumers' efforts to minimize inventories and the slowdown in exports. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the fourth quarter to remain at about 38%. So to summarize, our third quarter income of $2.18 was about 12% higher than the consensus estimate. Our third quarter oil and gas earnings of $2.6 billion were essentially unchanged to the second quarter despite a $6 per barrel decline in our average oil realizations. Our annualized return on equity was 20% for the first 9 months of 2011. Our total oil and gas production of 739,000 BOE a day during the third quarter. We had more than 3% compared to the second quarter. Domestic oil and gas volumes grew to 436,000 a day in the third quarter, 2% increase the second quarter and above our earlier guidance of 430,000 to 432,000 BOE a day. Domestic volumes are expected to further increase by about 3,000 or 4,000 BOE a day per month in the fourth quarter. I think we're now ready to take your questions as long as they're brief.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Steve, one on the Bakken actually. Your activity levels there seem very aggressive relative to your acreage. Can you just talk more about how you're seeing that play?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, at the end of the year, I think we had 171,000 acres, and we may have picked up some more acreage during the year. The wells are actually doing very well. Some of the small piece we had outside of the stuff we bought the end of last year has yielded some surprisingly positive results. Costs are a little high up there, but they seem to be coming down. So I...
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Would you mind putting some numbers around some of those comments?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, the wells vary from where they are. So maybe Bill could answer the question on the well cost.
William E. Albrecht: Yes, Paul, as Steve said, the costs are coming down. We're somewhere in the $8 million to $8.5 million range, drilling complete, but the trend is down.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, and the results?
Stephen I. Chazen: We started the year I think at 2,500 a day? 3,000? And we're running sort of around 7,000 or 8,000 currently. With a little walk, we'll exit closer to 10,000.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And would you be looking to buy more acreage up there, Steve, based on that?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think I told you that every day, somebody shows up with some acreage to buy. So if we were open on Saturday and Sunday, we could have it 7 days a week. So there's really plenty to buy, and we're sort of picky on where we buy it. So if it's additive to what we have and something we understand, we'd probably pick up some acreage. We're not interested in company acquisitions at all.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got you. Steve, you gave away almost all your midstream profitability, but you get it back in marketing and trading. One thing of service that -- that segment seems to performed very poorly when oil equities have a bad quarter, which I would have thought exacerbates your volatility to the downside as a stock. Can you just talk a little bit how you're seeing that segment now and whether -- where we go from here?
Stephen I. Chazen: The segment's fine. There's certainly volatility in Phibro's results and just depends on what day you choose to measure it. You measured it today, you probably made up all that you've lost for the whole year and maybe then some. So it's pretty volatile. I mean, it wasn't intended as a hedge. It's really long oil, and so are we. So I'm not interested in hedging the company's outcome. I'm sort of long-term modestly bullish on oil prices. Not as bullish as Phibro, but modestly bullish. So I'm not really bothered by this. I think over time, we're a pretty decent-return business. It turned out to be not so decent return. It's pretty easy to exit. So I'm really not bothered by the volatility. I know you might be, but the volatility -- being long oil is sort of where we are.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, but I don't understand, though, is you said that it's actually long oil, but it seems to have the worst quarters when it's the oil equities that go down a lot. I mean, I'm thinking post-Macondo was a bad one, and then it doesn't seem the rate of change in oil was quite as bad as this result would've suggested unless...
Stephen I. Chazen: He was investing in some equities, and he's not doing that anymore.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Ah, okay. And so far, this quarter, if we stopped here, things are going well in that segment?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. But again, this is the NBA game problem. No sense in tuning in till the last minute. Or a Michigan State, Wisconsin problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Chipman of Tudor, Pickering.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions on the California side. First, just California liquids have grown nicely after bottoming really Q4 of last year. How should we think about splitting growth going forward between conventional and unconventional drilling?
Stephen I. Chazen: We cut back on our conventional so we could think about it some more since it requires a little more thought than the shale drilling. And I think that's had a positive effect on our results. I think we're more thoughtful, and we're getting better results. So we'll do the conventional when we -- it'll pick up as we get better results. But the results in the last quarter conventionally were pretty good. So I don't have an easy answer for you. So it just depends on how things go. Basically, the base growth comes from the shale drilling. And every so often, you'll have a successful conventional thing, which will boost -- you get an unusually high boost.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And you did have some of that this quarter?
Stephen I. Chazen: It sure looks that way, don't it?
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. The second question, just -- you expect to drill, I think, and complete 154 shale wells outside of Elk Hills. How many of those are actually going to be hooked up in terms of sales?
Stephen I. Chazen: Virtually all of them, probably. The way we count them is -- they don't count till they're actually flowing into the line. Complete includes hooking them up. Otherwise, you get some odd results. We're trying to get the time down between completing and hooking up. So we're only -- for your purpose, all we're doing this counting when they get hooked up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Steve, I'm sorry, a couple if I may. Updates on the gas funds for 2012, just the timing of commissioning and given your comments on how weak I think you said are up here, gas prices are. How's your appetite for getting that thing done as quickly as perhaps we might [indiscernible].
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, the plant's really handled by a contractor. I mean, he has a date, he's got to deal with it by so. It's going to be on roughly May 1. It doesn't make a difference what I think about gas prices.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. And so will we -- should we all think about 2012 as being a lumpy year for production? In terms of growth?
Stephen I. Chazen: Every year is lumpy. I don't think you hadn't noticed. So yes, it could be lumpier than normal. I'm still concerned about giving away gas. Even California gas a little higher, but at $4. Even though the conventional wells have a significant amount of condensate in them, but seems wasteful to sell gas for $4.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just a couple on the shale if I may. Why is the growth of 6,000 barrels a day per month obviously beat your prior guidance? Why is it going to slow back to 3,000 to 4,000?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think I actually answered it in the last question. The 3,000 to 4,000 is for the whole domestic business. It turned out that we got it all in California, and the rest of the domestic business sort of equaled it. But I'm using the shale wells to drive the 3,000 to 4,000. And if I get lucky -- the conventional wells are significantly more profitable than the shale wells. In the case of maybe a shale well, you might take it 90 days to get your money back, and a conventional well might take 2 weeks. But it's less predictable. So you see, we're giving you the predictable number, and every so often, we'll do a little better, or if there's some mechanical problem, a little worse. But that's really what we're trying to do is give you something you could can count on. If we do a little better, we'd do a little better.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Last one for me is I think a few months back, I attended a dinner, you were speaking at obviously, and you said your kind of first base target was to drill about 300 wells a year on the California shale. So I'm curious where do you stand in terms of pushing forward the permit process? And do you think that's still a reasonable first base target? If so, when do you expect to get there? I'll leave it at that.
Stephen I. Chazen: I really think at this point the program we have is all we can really count on from state permitting. Whatever portion of the 30 rigs that we're going to run in California is related to that. As the permitting process that we hope improves, then we'll get there. Predicting what somebody in the State of California might do is way -- makes predicting oil prices easy. And so I think you got to say that right now, this is sort of where we are, and I don't know -- I can't really give you a realistic number. I think as a practical matter, we could get there if we had the permits. The permitting process -- I mean, the difficulty is -- I mean, there's 2 elements of it. First, it makes it really hard to plan because while you got a visible supply of permits, it does depend on getting more, and it used to be that you sort of have an infinite supply. Second thing is if you find something, it makes it really hard to follow up because you might not have a permit for the next lease or something. So it makes the program significantly more inefficient than you might like it to be and makes it hard to plan. The other issue in the permitting, which probably has very little really effect on us currently is the injector wells. A lot of -- most of the production in California is not ours but generally, is from either steam or something or some kind of injector program. And the state is studying that more carefully now. So that has a significant impact on people who are mostly steam generators in the state as steam-based oil production. And the state is pretty tight on that, has -- the only place it's affected is [indiscernible] given long enough, it might, but -- and is in Long Beach. And it's a small effect, and it really just affects the income the way the contract works, the income of the state, the city, and the port of Long Beach. So I guess, by not making the injector wells, they like the lower level of income.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gammel of Macquarie.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: Steve, I just wanted to ask about your permitting operations, and appreciate you said that you don't expect the development program outside the CO2 operations to show a production growth until next year. But I just wanted to ask about the rig count of 24. How many of those rigs are actually being devoted to that development program? And are you primarily drilling Wolfberry and Wolfcamp-type wells with those rigs?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, Bill will answer that.
William E. Albrecht: Yes, Jason. We've got -- we're expecting a range of somewhere between 14 and 16 of those rigs working the development side of the Permian. And of those rigs, we're going to probably run 9 to 10 in the Wolfberry.
Stephen I. Chazen: Again, note that these are -- remind you that these are our operated, and we have a whole bunch of other activity where somebody else is operating. All we're giving you is our operated.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: Understood, understood. If I can just shift internationally, the production in Oman continues to show a steady uptick. I assume that is discontinued affects from the Mukhaizna steam injection program. How much more do you have to go on, on Mukhaizna, Steve? Is there something that is still a multi-year growth? Or are we starting to near the plateau there?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it's really caused by 2 elements, and Sandy can cover that. But the old traditional stuff is actually doing very well in the north, and Mukhaizna's doing well. So I'll let Sandy answer your question.
Edward Arthur Lowe: Yes. Mukhaizna today is running 120,000 barrels a day gross. And during 2012, we're adding another 200,000 barrels a day of steam injectability. So that will ramp us up to around 150,000 barrels a day at the end of 2012 or maybe first quarter 2013. As Steve said, the northern Oman is running 99,000 100,000 barrels day gross, which is the highest it's ever sustained in our 25 years. So both looking good.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: And Sandy, would there be any further injection phases after that one? Or is that something that you should be studying now?
Edward Arthur Lowe: We're planning to have 600,000, 625,000 barrels a day of steam. There's possibility of adding more later, but it's not yet in the plan.
Stephen I. Chazen: These plans are approved in stages by the government and other people. So you don't give them a 30-year plan, sort of a 30-month plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, you have an update on the non-shale California exploration program?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, that was the conventional I was referring to. So I think you can see the -- again, the base guidance roughly or -- if you thought about maybe 1/2 of the growth or a little more, that we'd tell you the 3,000 to 4,000 a month is from the monotonous shorter shale drilling. The rest of it -- if you see an odd number, it comes from that program. So I think you should view it that way. The other way to view it, just to be honest, when we give you our exploration expense, it's not worth a darn every quarter, but on a cumulative basis for the year. It's basically done by risking each of the wells. So we say, well, this is a 15% chance of success. This is a 30%, and we add that up and that's what we give you as the exploration expense. When we continually are lower, you should assume we're having more success than we planned. And a lot of that would be in California, some in Colombia and some in Oman.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And I guess, a few years ago, you announced the larger Kern County discovery. Presumably, you've not had one of that size, or we might have heard about it. Any...
Stephen I. Chazen: You might have.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: We might not have.
Stephen I. Chazen: That's right.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's fine. A follow-up on the Bakken. You've always described it as a science experiment. These slides I think are easily the most positive you've ever been on it, by your standards at least...
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. It's like gas.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Is it still like you need to do a bigger transaction to step up here? The prices are obviously high. There was a recent big transaction. Do you just patiently wait out the next downturn? Or how -- I mean, how do you think about scaling your Bakken? Just patience?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think I said earlier, this recent price that some national oil company paid for some stuff, is not reflective of what we're paying for acreage with the tax basis. And so I say there's a lot of -- I mean, whatever number of acreage you want to have, given a year or 2, you can get. So somebody's here, I'm not kidding, virtually every day with some deal to buy 7,000 or 8,000 or 12,000 or 15,000 acres. If it fits our business model, we look at it. If it doesn't, we don't. But there's no real shortage of opportunity. The leases expire. They roll over. There's really a lot going on. The prices are not -- I don't think that the recent transaction is reflective of the market. I think that was a special deal for national oil companies.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right. So the kind of nagging concern some have that we should be braced for some inevitable big transaction [indiscernible] Yes.
Stephen I. Chazen: The purpose of an acquisition is to make the company better, not worse. We're not -- we have plenty to do in our current portfolio, so we're looking for ways to make the company better or stronger. We're not looking for ways to dilute the outcome.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just a final quick one, Steve, any early thoughts on 2012 CapEx?
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't really know where I am. We've got a lot of uncertainty about the level in Iraq. The Shah gas field, some uncertainty there. We don't know what we're going to have to spend going into Libya, something, I presume, at least for trucks. So there's at least some expenditure in Libya. The U.S. business has a huge opportunity set of high return, relatively high-return projects in aggregate, probably beyond what I would be willing to commit to next year. So we'll push that off a little bit. So I really don't know where I am. We're not going to negative cash flow, that's for sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Terreson of ISI.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, I have a couple of questions on Bahrain. First, there seems to be some movement over there on the changes to the natural guys price regime in that country and also, there seems to be movement on approval for your deep gas exploration plan. So I wanted to see if we could get an update on the status of those 2 items to the degree possible?
Stephen I. Chazen: The deep gas -- I mean, the government's approved the deep gas drill. So some time, there's a seismic -- there appears there's some seismic, and I assume the well to be drilled as soon as we get -- as soon as we can. Might be -- probably going to be next year at this point. I don't know anything about gas, Sandy doesn't know anything either, so I don't know what's going on there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sven Del Pozzo of IHS Herold.
Sven Del Pozzo: Late 2010, I think you guys made some comments regarding what point we are in the life cycle of your CO2 floods in Texas. And then I wonder if we can tie -- if you could make similar comments this time around and perhaps tie it into the 5% to 8% long-term production growth rate?
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, the CO2 floods normally, you have a period of increased gas injection, and then it takes 2 or 3 years for the results to show up. So the increased injection began, say, early this year, maybe middle of this year. So it'll -- you'll start to see the effects of it a couple of years from now.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. So a similar kind of question on California shales -- no, no, just, sorry, total California production as a whole. In the past, you guys mentioned it would grow to equal that of Texas by 2013, I believe, was the year, correct me if I'm wrong. How's that tie into the 5% to 8% production growth rate long term?
Stephen I. Chazen: It obviously does. It's growing -- the domestic production's growing so that if you use the 3,000 to 4,000 a month, it's growing 6% a year. So eyes on pretty good I think.
Sven Del Pozzo: So is there a chance -- it might sound like things might be getting better. I mean is there...
Stephen I. Chazen: You got to watch this quarterly stuff. You can have a good quarter and a bad quarter. So, maybe they're getting better, but on the ground, it's better, but there's always interruptions and stuff which make one quarter or some other quarter look good or not so good. So right now, on the ground, we're doing fine, both in the Permian and in California, and we're pretty confident about the growth over time. So I don't think there's much problem with the growth per month that we've said, and it could do better I suppose. But I mean, over time, I think it will, but probably not. It's just not that predictable quarter-to-quarter.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. And then in the Midstream, I did see a pretty big jump year-over-year in terms of the Midstream CapEx. What's that related to? And if so, how much of that relates to your E&P business?
Stephen I. Chazen: It's gas plants.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Herrlin of Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Steve, when you look at your growth going forward, you said you're going to do less gas. We assume that's going to be more like 2/3 liquids, crude and liquids versus 1/2 and 1/2, because your current growth has been kind of split.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: In the U.S.
Stephen I. Chazen: I mean, where we're going to cut back easily is in the mid-continent where the gas is real dry. No sense in drilling. So you might see -- if you could see it, you might see a decline in something like the Hugoton or something like that where the gas is dry and wells are cheap. And it just drives you nuts to give it away for $3.50. You may make money at that, but I'd rather defer it.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. With respect to California, your split in terms of sequential buying growth was also 50-50, liquids versus gas.
Stephen I. Chazen: This goes back to the conventional. If you have a conventional -- conventionals are -- the Kern County-type discovery is a gas condensate reservoir. And if you happen to hit one of those, you're going to get a lot of gas and a lot of condensate. The gas is just gas, and the condensate really pays for the whole well.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Got it. With respect to your black oil, sequential line growth in California was 2,000 barrels sequentially. How much was that from your conventional operations versus the new shale type plays?
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't really know. But my guess is the conventional added a fair amount to it.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Last one for me. You mentioned earlier with exploration expenses that when you miss on the plus side, so to speak, it's because you're having more success...
Stephen I. Chazen: More success than the risking would have generated.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Correct. And essentially, you had overestimated by 50% basically.
Stephen I. Chazen: And if you go back and do the -- I wouldn't focus on a single quarter because it could be just delays. But if you look at the 9 months, I think if you went back and looked at what we said and what we actually did over the 9 months, you'll find that we're pretty far below.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. And then last one for me, you said of the chemical ops that you opted to sell power, how much net income did you make off that? Just...
Stephen I. Chazen: $40 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: But just a small one on the shale, well cost, the $3.5 that include hook-up? I mean what's the total cost?
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. We don't do what the small producers do and just give you. That includes the site -- well, let's build out the site, hook up the completion. It's not just some part of the cost.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then any update on Yemen?
Stephen I. Chazen: We really don't know anything. I think it's fair to say. It's hard to negotiate with the government there since it's hard tell what's going on. Sandy, anything?
Edward Arthur Lowe: The only -- one of our fields is down for a while, another insurgency. But the production's holding well. Our share's well up to what we predicted, and we just don't know anything about the Masilla block yet.
Stephen I. Chazen: Masilla's about 8,000 a day, by the way, just so you have scale for it out of the total.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then on the overall, I mean what you pick up as you walk around, some people are concerned about CO2 availability and then other people are concerned about competency in shales. I mean, these are just things that it would be interesting to hear your thoughts on?
Stephen I. Chazen: We don't know. A lot of the discussion of the CO2 is about small producers who have different issues. Our competency, well -- I think the answer comes from the production. If we make our production that grows, you'll assume we're competent. And if we don't, you'll assume we're incompetent.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess the question is linked back to Arjun's question earlier on the Bakken is that when I'm talking about shales, I'm talking about shales outside your corer assets.
Stephen I. Chazen: Oh, Bakken?
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. And...
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we have some -- we've undergone some learning clearly in the beginning. This isn't exactly state secret up there. We got always vendors who are reasonably experienced. So I think we've come up learning curve nicely. We have some more to learn for sure. But I don't think there's any -- our productivity, because we benchmark ourselves, is the same as other people in the same area, sometimes better but sometimes a little worse. But I think it's pretty much the same, so we don't have a productivity issue whether we're competent or not up there. We'll know here in the next couple of years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just one quick one if I may. Other than shortage of vehicles and other logistical issues, are there any legal or political hurdles at the moment to you resuming operations in Libya? Sanctions or something like that?
Edward Arthur Lowe: Our operations in the fields where we have interest have slowly started coming back on by the operators themselves. We actually have a management team going in there this weekend to visit with all of the government entities that we normally deal with. And I would say that we don't expect any surprises but I wouldn't want to really bet on that until after we have some meetings with them. But indications are that they're willing and happy to have us come back in and resume where we left off.
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't think there's any U.S. issues, if that's the question.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Do you expect the fiscal terms to be in line with what they were under the previous government?
Edward Arthur Lowe: All indications are that they're going to honor the contracts that are -- that were in existence when this war started.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Kohler of CRT Capital Group.
Ann L. Kohler - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Just in looking at the Libyan situation following on to that question, do you think that there are opportunities, and maybe too early, but additional opportunities that the new government might like to expedite additional work? Or is it not -- is it too early...
Stephen I. Chazen: I think it's just too early to talk about that. It just depends on how they want to manage their industry. Right now, they have to put up half the capital. And whether they want to do that in the future or not really determines they want continue to invest their path to capital. If they don't want to, then there'll be other opportunities. Just hard to say, because you don't really know what it'll look like a year from now.
Ann L. Kohler - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just on the acquisition side, if you could just give us sort of an update. A year ago, you indicated that you didn't expect that you'd have a lot of action or acquisition, and then you certainly did step things up the very end of the year. Could you just provide us a little update and color on the types of opportunities? I would assume that -- I guess in the last couple of calls, you've indicated that you really weren't interested in necessarily just adding acreage in California, and it sounds as though you would be selective in looking at opportunities within the Bakken?
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't know if I would interpret my remarks that way. We always look for stuff in California that fits our business. So I don't think it's like we always add something to California. As far as the Bakken is concerned, we look at a lot of fairly small opportunities. I'll repeat what I said before, we're not interested in a large corporate-type acquisition.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Dietert, Simmons.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Sorry to go back on California shale, but wanted to ask a pretty substantial increase in the number of shale wells expected to be completed, the 154. Could you talk about how that -- if the pace is accelerating, maybe what -- that looks like in third quarter and perhaps in fourth quarter as far as number of wells completed?
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we actually give you -- I gave you the fourth quarter in my remarks. But as the well cost come down, that's basically reflecting the -- it's reflecting the fact that I'm getting more for my money and therefore, I'll drill more wells. If we started at the beginning of the year and we thought the wells were going to cost $4.5 million, we would have said some number of wells because that's how long it takes, but we're shorting the time. So the costs come down and you drill more wells in the year. So that's what's really going on here, I think, right now. This is pretty much what we have planned as far as the rig count.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Steve, I wanted to go back to your prepared remarks. You are not, by any chance, signaling a change of view in share buybacks with your commentary on that. Could you maybe just give us some clarity as to exactly what you were kind of signal there in terms of your share buybacks rank, given how much cash flow you're throwing off right now?
Stephen I. Chazen: I'll read the relevant parts from the remarks, if you'd like, if that's helpful.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess.
Stephen I. Chazen: I'll edit out the irrelevant portions. We will not have some kind of regular program in lieu of dividends, which is what some companies do. We think dividends are more effective. We've had this discussion over the last decade. So that's what we think. What we are saying here is that when the -- I'll just make up a number. If we're trading below what I think our F&D is or what I could acquire assets for, which is roughly the same, then we'll shift the money from the capital program or from our free cash or from the acquisition program into share repurchases. And that's actually -- in recent times, that's happened. So that's what we're saying. So you shouldn't expect every quarter we're going to spend $1 zillion no matter what the price is. But if the price -- if our capital program isn't -- can't add value compared to buying shares, then the shares will be repurchased.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Is there an operational limit on your capital program though? In other words, what you're capable of actually dealing with, relative to the cash flow you're throwing off? Has this become a governor for managing your balance sheet?
Stephen I. Chazen: From a point of view, I could spend a lot of money on share repurchases. We're sitting on $4 billion of cash, I don't know if you missed that. And we don't really have -- I bought -- I took the cash because it was cheap and provide some insurance for the volatility that's in the market. But we got plenty of flexibility to repurchase the shares if they don't reflect -- if it reflects essentially below replacement cost of the reserves. So if I think that the price replacement cost or our finding and development costs, however you want to describe it, is $2 a barrel, and the stock is trading for $1 a barrel. I'll take all the money we have and dump it into the share repurchase, because it gives a better outcome for the shareholders. Other hand, if our finding and development cost is $2 and the stock is trading for $12 a barrel, the shareholders are better off us investing in the business because you've got the multiplier. This is a complicated way. This is exactly what Warren Buffett said actually, except that he tied it to book value. The book value isn't a very useful measure for us, so I'm tying this to replacement cost. So if the stock is cheap enough, the company will repurchase it because that helps the remaining shareholders. But we're also going to do it in a way that doesn't -- trying to reward the remaining shareholders, not assist the exiting ones.
Operator: Your final question comes from John Herrlin of Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: One final for me, Steve. In terms of your production growth this year, how much of it's been in the U.S. acquisition versus accelerated spending?
Stephen I. Chazen: The only -- in the U.S., the Williston started out I think at 2,000 or 3,000 a day. So you can decide for yourself. We bought the acreage obviously, but we didn't buy a lot of production. South Texas is -- was bought, although there's been some growth. And we bought $20 million a day of gas in California. 10 showed up in the last quarter and 10 more in this quarter because it's only a partial quarter. So there really isn't very much of it that's -- where we bought production. Now we bought acreage or opportunity, and we drill it up. But it just depends on how you want to describe, get a -- If you want to go back long enough, Elk Hills was bought too.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Are there any closing remarks?
Stephen I. Chazen: No, that's fine.
Christopher G. Stavros: Thanks, and if there's any further questions, call us here in New York. Thanks for listening everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations Stephen Chazen - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James Lienert - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG Katherine Minyard Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc. Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Duane Grubert - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Stavros, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Stavros: Thank you, Christy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Occidental Petroleum's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles are Steve Chazen, Oxy's President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Lienert, Oxy's Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Executive Chairman; and Bill Albrecht, President of our U.S. Oil and Gas operations.  In a moment, I will turn the call over to our CFO, Jim Lienert, who will review our financial and operating results for the second quarter and first 6 months of 2011. Steve Chazen will then follow with some guidance and an outlook for the second half of the year. Our second quarter earnings press release, relations supplemental schedules and the conference call presentation slides, which refer to Jim and Steve's remarks can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Jim. Jim, please go ahead.
James Lienert: Thank you, Chris. I'll discuss the second quarter results for the company and Steve Chazen will follow with guidance for the second half of the year. Core income was $1.8 billion or $2.23 per diluted share in the second quarter this year compared to $1.1 billion or $1.32 per diluted share in the second quarter of last year. Net income was $1.8 billion or $2.23 per diluted share in the second quarter of this year compared to $1.1 billion or $1.31 per diluted share in the second quarter of last year. Here's the segment breakdown for the second quarter. Oil and Gas segment earnings for the second quarter of 2011 were $2.6 billion compared with $1.9 billion in the same period of 2010. The improvement in 2011 was driven mainly by higher commodity prices. The second quarter 2011 realized prices increased on a year-over-year basis by 39% for crude oil, 31% for NGLs and 2% for domestic natural gas.  Sales volume for the second quarters of 2011 and 2010 were flat at 705,000 BOE per day. Production volumes were 715,000 BOE per day in the second quarter of 2011 compared to 701,000 BOE per day in the second quarter of 2010. The production guidance assumptions we gave you on last quarter's conference call were at a $95 WTI average price assumption. The actual average second quarter oil price of $102.56 reduced our production volumes by about 5,000 BOE per day. Domestic production volumes were 424,000 BOE per day compared to our guidance of 425,000 BOE per day. The higher crude oil prices reduced Long Beach volumes by about 1,000 BOE per day. Latin America volumes were 33,000 BOE per day. In the Middle East region, we recorded no production in Libya consistent with our guidance.  In Iraq, we produced 5,000 BOE per day. The decline from first quarter volume was due to the timing of development spending. Yemen daily production was 23,000 BOE compared to 33,000 BOE in the first quarter. Civil unrest and operational issues reduced our daily production by 3,000 BOE and higher prices and lower development spending rates reduced daily volumes by 7,000 BOE. The remainder of the Middle East had production of 230,000 BOE per day compared with 235,000 BOE per day in the first quarter. Qatar production was lower by 7,000 BOE per day mainly due to planned maintenance and mechanical issues. Our second quarter sales volume guidance, which assumed a $95 WTI oil price was 725,000 BOE per day, which translates to about 720,000 BOE per day at the higher actual prices for the quarter.  Our actual volumes were 705,000 BOE per day. The lower volumes resulted mainly from the lower production in Yemen and Qatar and the timing of liftings in Oman and Qatar.  Second quarter 2011 realized prices improved for all our products over the first quarter of the year. Our worldwide crude oil price was $103.12 per barrel, an increase of 12%. Worldwide NGLs were $57.67 per barrel, an improvement of 10% and domestic natural gas prices were $4.27 per MCF, an increase of 1%. The second quarter of 2011 realized oil price represents 101% of the average WTI price for the quarter.  Oil and Gas production costs were $11. Cash production costs were $11.88 a barrel for the 6 months of 2011 compared with last year's 12-month cost of $10.19 a barrel.  The cost increase reflects more work over and maintenance activity and higher support costs. Taxes, other than our income, which are directly related to product prices were $2.36 per barrel for the first half of 2011 compared to $1.83 per barrel for all of 2010. Total exploration expense was $62 million in the quarter. Chemical segment earnings for the second quarter of 2011 were $253 million compared to $219 million in the first quarter of 2011. The second quarter results, one of the highest ever reported for the Chemical segment, reflected higher margins and volumes across most product lines.  Midstream segment earnings for the second quarter of 2011 were $187 million compared to $114 million in the first quarter of 2011 and $13 million in the second quarter of 2010. The increase from first quarter earnings was mainly due to higher marketing income and improved margins in the gas processing business. The worldwide effective tax rate was 38% for the second quarter of 2011. Our higher proportionate domestic income brought us closer to the U.S. statutory rates.  Our second quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the Investor Relations supplemental schedule.  Let me now turn to Occidental's performance during the first 6 months. Core income was $3.4 billion or $4.19 per diluted share compared with $2.2 billion or $2.67 per diluted share in 2010. Net income was $3.4 billion or $4.13 per diluted share for the first 6 months of 2011 compared with $2.1 billion or $2.61 per diluted share in 2010.  Cash flow from operations for the first 6 months of 2011 was $5.6 billion. We used $3 billion of company's total cash flow to fund capital expenditures and $1.2 billion on net acquisitions and divestitures. We used $685 million to pay dividends and $1 billion to retire debt. These and other net cash flows resulted in a $2 billion cash balance at June 30. Free cash flow from continuing operations after capital spending and dividends, but before acquisition and debt activity was about $1.8 billion. Capital spending was $3 billion for the first 6 months, of which $1.6 billion was spent in the second quarter.  Year-to-date capital expenditures by segment were 85% in Oil and Gas, 13% in Midstream and the remainder in Chemicals. Our net acquisition expenditures in the first 6 months were $1.2 billion, which are net of proceeds from the sale of our Argentina operations. The acquisitions included the South Texas purchase, a payment for the cost already incurred for the Shah Field development project and properties in California and the Permian.  The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the first 6 months of 2011 were 812.5 million and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $813.3 million. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio declined to 11% compared with 14% at the end of last year. Oxy's annualized return on equity for the first half of 2011 was 20%. Copies of the press release announcing our second quarter earnings and the Investor Relations supplemental schedules are available on our website at www.oxy.com or through the SEC's EDGAR system. I'll now turn the call over to Steve Chazen to discuss the guidance for the third quarter.
Stephen Chazen: Thank you, Jim. As we look ahead to the back half of the year, our average oil price is about $95 WTI. We expect the back half of the year in Oil and Gas production to be as follows: Domestic volumes are expect to increase by 3,000 to 4,000 BOE per day for each month compared to the previous month. This should result in average third quarter production of about 430,000 to 432,000 BOE a day; Latin America volume should remain comparable to the second quarter.  The Middle East region production is expected as follows: Consistent with the second quarter we expect no production for Libya; in Iraq, we are still unable to reliably predict spending levels, which have related impact in cost recovery barrels; in Oman, production is expected to grow from our current gross production of 210,000 BOE a day to a year-end exit rate of 230,000 BOE a day, which should result in about a net of 2,000 BOE per day for quarter growth; in Qatar, we expect to gradually regain the production rate lost due to planned maintenance and mechanical issues resulting in about 3,000 BOE per day growth rate each quarter in the second half of the year compared to the second quarter average; in Dolphin and Bahrain, production is expected to be similar to second quarter levels; In Yemen, forecasting production volumes remains difficult, although currently Oxy operated production has been partially restored. We expect the range to be between 23,000 and 27,000 BOE a day. We expect the lifting in Iraq in the third quarter of about 600,000 barrels of oil. Including this lifting, we expect sales volume to be about 725,000 BOE a day at $95 West Texas Intermediate. A $5 increase in West Texas Intermediate would reduce our production sharing contract daily volumes by about 3,500 BOE a day. Our total year capital expenditures remains at $6.8 billion, same as the guidance we gave you last quarter. With regard to prices, at current market prices, a $1 per barrel change in oil prices impacts quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $37 million. Second, the average second quarter WTI oil price is $102.56 per barrel. A $1 per barrel change in NGL prices impacts quarterly earnings before income taxes by $7 million. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices has a $34 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes. The current NYMEX gas price is around $4.40 per MCF. Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $80 million for seismic and drilling for our exploration programs in the third quarter.  The Chemical segment earnings is expected to moderate to about $225 million, mostly due to seasonal factors. The third quarter segment -- Chemical segment earnings are expected to reflect continued strong export demand and overall good supply and demand balances across most products, offset by some seasonal factors and turnarounds. Historically, the fourth quarter is typically the weakest quarter and generally earnings are about half of that in the third quarter. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the third quarter of 2011 to remain in about 38%. As far as our activity is concerned, in California we expect our current drilling programs to result in more predictable production growth going forward. The status of permitting is generally unchanged from the prior quarter. We've obtained enough permits to allow us to prosecute the program at the current pace until year end. However, there remains some uncertainty around future permits, particularly related to injection wells. Our overall rig count in the United States has gone from 38 at the end of 2010 to our current rate of 59. This is expected to grow to 74 at the end of the year. This will represent a 25% growth in our total rig count's current levels. The growth will be in the Permian, the Williston Basin and South Texas. This program leads to continued growth of production into next year. I think we're ready to take your questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from David Heikkinen of Tudor, Pickering.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Steve, just thinking about your production targets and the monthly sequential growth, can you give us where you were in June domestically by region, just so we can kind of build from there?
Stephen Chazen: We don't report that way. And so what you have to do is use the average because that's the way it will be reported. So if you take the average, which is the 424 number, and so if you say, okay, that was the average so it will be average to average when you do the -- numbers actually come out. So if it's -- it will be up 3,000, up 6,000, up 9,000. If it's 3, then you average that out, you wind up with 6,000 of growth for the average for the quarter. Because if you start at the end of the quarter, you don't actually see the exit rate for the quarter.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And then kind of the regionalization of your domestic, kind of how you see that 3,000 to 4,000 barrels a day of growth? How much of that is the California, Permian, Williston, any idea of that would be helpful.
Stephen Chazen: Well, we risk these numbers. So the number that we use might be, is a risk number as opposed to the maximum number that could come out or the worst number. So probably misleading to say exactly where. Clear that there is going to be, the bulk of it, the overwhelming majority will come out of California. And there'll be some growth in the Williston, the Williston is small anyway, and some in the Permian. So I think if you look at the third quarter, you'll see the bulk of the growth out of California with smaller amounts out of the rest as you go into the fourth quarter. Because of the ramp up in drilling in the Permian, you'll see a little more growth in the Permian, but continued pretty strong growth in California as the wells come on. And that's sort of what it looks like. But to actually give you how we figured it out, I'd have to start with our risk numbers and I don't want to give those kinds of numbers out.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then on the California permitting side, you talked about injection wells, being some uncertainty. Can you just walk us through any color around what that means? Is that just water disposal availability and we become limited as far as total oil volumes by that injection capacity?
Stephen Chazen: At some point, we will. I don't think we're up against it now. Where it will affect more than anything is actually THUMS. More than it will kill [ph] of the other places is probably enough for a while. But THUMS, they've got some -- that's really water injection for their process. So I think you're going to -- that's probably where you'll see it, but the numbers are real small for this year. Certainly within the noise of the rest of the numbers.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And how do you think about opportunities for additional acreage acquisition and kind of where things are currently in the market?
Stephen Chazen: Well, I don't know how much more there is in California. I probably don't want to buy land underneath the building here with the drill. So I think California will probably -- probably not much. Permian, we continue to buy some small partials of acreage for Wolfberry drilling primarily. And then the Williston, there's a lot of acreage for sale. If we were open 7 days a week, there'd be 7 guys here that sell us acreage. So a lot in the Williston and we're pretty picky about what we do. So there may be a small amount of acreage acquisition there. I don't see a large deal flow in the back half of the year, although I think I said that last year at this time, was shown to be completely wrong.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Steve, can we just go back to the new disclosure on the rig count? What's the outlook beyond 2011 for those various counts? Do you think...
Stephen Chazen: The California one depends on the permitting. I mean, if we had better -- more visibility in the permitting, we'd lay more rigs on to the back half, the fourth quarter. Right now, this is the visibility we have and that's why it's showing the way it is. Once we get more visibility, we'd probably raise the count.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: That would be a raised count just for 2011, you mean exit rate?
Stephen Chazen: Yes. But I mean, yes, your exit rate and so it would -- you got to get the rigs on before you get the end of 2012. So we'd start contracting for the rigs. So you'd see a higher exit rate. But right now, this is all the visibility we really have. We're looking at the Permian and I'm trying to figure out what the right level is. But more likely, than not it [ph] will go up so more, and maybe even sizably more depending on how we can figure it out. I think South Texas is about the same and there'll be some growth in the Williston, but I think a high probability of the Permian. And if we can get the permitting issues worked out in the next 6 months, you'll see significantly higher rig counts in California. Right now, I can't -- I just don't have a basis to raise that rig count in California. What we're doing now will generate a fare amount of production growth. So I'm not really concerned that this is going to be bad, but we could do some more. But right now, I just can't. I don't have enough confidence in the permitting process.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: This level of rigs in California would generate growth through 2012? Or is it the kind of pace that you're talking about?
Stephen Chazen: Oh, yes.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Which seems to me about 2,000 barrels per month.
Stephen Chazen: Somewhere in that. We gave you the 3,000 to 4,000, so some of that will be California and maybe in some quarters all of it. So it's just hard to say exactly what it is again, I use risk the numbers so...
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Understood. If we look at the year-over-year, you're flat looking backwards, obviously over 2010 to 2011 for Q2-to-Q2.
Stephen Chazen: That's on, yes, sales, I think.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: I understand, yes, it's on sales and I understand obviously that net there's been a negative, basically from Libya, but all the other movement. But from here forward, are we looking again back to the 5% to 8% if we ask you again in a year's time? Are we going to be in that 5% to 8% volume growth range that you've talked about in the past?
Stephen Chazen: At least back because I think the domestic businesses, you're going to be surprised but I could be wrong. But I think the 3,000 to 4,000 a month for the domestic business is pretty solid for a while. And maybe we could do a little better, but I think that's a good risk number for us.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks, Steve. If I could ask you about Phibro, the training administering business, this looked like a good number and we've been expecting a headwind from Phibro.
Stephen Chazen: There was a small headwind.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, so Phibro wasn't that negative and what I'm thinking about is whether the run rate of your Midstream business is just structurally higher now as a function of Permian activity and piping and whether we should think rolling forward of a higher through the cycle or even growing, I guess, Midstream profitability.
Stephen Chazen: Well, we break it out because that's the most volatile and we have a hard time predicting it. I think the way to think about it is that the volatility and price volatility, oil price volatility, and wide differentials between, say, pushing and world prices generates generally higher numbers. It might generate lower numbers too, but it reduces the predictability a lot. So if I were to look at it and I'd say what's the average, I'd average the first and second quarter to get sort of an average number.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, and again, just going back to Phibro and I seem -- forgive me if I garble this number, but I think you said that the range historically would be a minus $0.08 to a plus $0.12. Was that range of Phibro profitability or loss?
Stephen Chazen: I can't remember any more, but that the -- he was ahead for the year at midyear. So he had a spinoff depending on how you view modest, a modest loss in the second quarter. But for the year, he's ahead and he's well ahead now. But again, I think I've told you this before, no sense in watching it. It's like an NBA game. You may as well turn in the -- tune in the last 30 seconds and forget the rest.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Fair enough. And then forgive me if I misheard, this is the last one for me. I kind of missed the Iraq guidance. I think 5,000 of production with no sales in Q2, is that the correct? And then did you say 7,000 a day of production?
Stephen Chazen: I don't think we said for production in Iraq. The field is doing fine. The field is doing fine. The gross is really doing fine. Our nets may be 6,000-ish, but it really depends on the investment which has slowed up considerably. So I don't really know. We do have a sale, we know of 600,000 barrels this month. So we'll have some actual sales this month.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And I assume given the spending slowing that you will -- the outlooks and mix here on Iraq, volumes is difficult?
Stephen Chazen: I don't know how to do it because it reacts so quickly to the spending. Because if we spent more, production would go up immediately. So I just don't know.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: What is the spending constraint?
Stephen Chazen: There's a lot of issues, I think, with the operator and that sort of thing, getting permits approved, or not permits, but contracts approved.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: Steve, just on California, you've spoken in the past about trying to get these large areas permitted because then you can progress it a little bit quicker once you actually get the permit through and that means you get probably more effective capital. Could you talk to us in terms of have you got one of these larger permit areas 2, 3? When did you put those permits in and when, given they might take 12 to 18 months, you might get a larger area permitted?
Stephen Chazen: I don't really know we could go into that. I don't know how helpful it is. We put a number of them in for large areas, a fair, a sizable number. And we just don't know what the process is. It's not exactly transparent.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: So at this stage, you don't really have a feeling for how long it's going to take for one of those larger areas to actually...
Stephen Chazen: I think it's a nontransparent process.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: Right, okay. Maybe then switch to the increase in rig count, 3 to 4 monthly sequential increase over the second half of this year, but also your rig count is increasing as you go through the second half. So as you look into 2012, would it be fair to think that, that would accelerate a little bit?
Stephen Chazen: Yes, let's say we just spud a well today, doesn't make a difference where. We spud a well today. It will have a small effect on the production in the fourth quarter because it takes, say, 90 days or so. You hook it up and then you get a partial quarter. So what you're seeing is a wedge or the stuff pushing into next year. So our exit rate going into next year ought to be fairly attractive with a pretty high backlog of production. So it just takes -- you just lose sight of how long it takes from today, which has been the drill today to when you actually get a meaningful measurement of production. So I think we're on good track now and I think we'll have an attractive exit rate in the United States as the year ends.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: And then final question is around realizations, maybe any strategies to perhaps, or any changes we should be aware of to try and sort of get away from WTI inland pricing towards more international pricing across the portfolio?
Stephen Chazen: We're not trying to solve the industry's problems in this. We're just trying to solve ours. And so I just as soon not comment on our strategies, but to point out that for example, California, basically gets world prices.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: I'm mainly thinking perhaps in the Permian.
Stephen Chazen: In the Permian, some of that could fall to the Midstream rather than into Oil and Gas.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Steve, at the beginning of the year, you suggest that you may get 107 shale wells drilled this year, what's the way to...
Stephen Chazen: Sorry I missed you.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: At the start of the year, I believe you suggested that you would drill about 107 wells, so what's the latest estimate?
Stephen Chazen: Bill can answer that.
William Albrecht: I think right now we're looking at somewhere between 150 and 175 shale wells to be drilled in California for the year.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: And how many did you complete, Bill, in the second quarter? You gave us the first quarter number, I think it was 26. How many did you complete in the second?
William Albrecht: It was 55.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Completed?
William Albrecht: Correct.
Stephen Chazen: But not necessarily hooked up.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: That's what I was going to say. So they were -- so your backlog is building basically?
William Albrecht: Yes, it is.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Steve, at dinner about, I guess, a month or 6 weeks ago you suggested that your kind of first base target was to get to drill around 300 wells a year. To what extent -- I mean what is it going to take to get there and how engaged are you with the state government in trying to achieve that objective?
Stephen Chazen: We're engaged with the state, I just as soon not go into our state relations. I think we're making some -- we're making physical progress where we can and I think the state -- eventually, I think the state will come around. It just, it takes longer, that's all.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess a couple of other quick ones, if I may. The production from the shale is obviously what we're all focused on in terms of how quickly that can ramp up. Are you prepared to give us what the current production is from that particular part of the portfolio and how you would expect given your declined curves and the rate of drilling, how you'd expect that to progress, let's say, within the next 18 months?
Stephen Chazen: I don't think we're -- I'm not willing to give you a forecast because, again, the forecast, the overall forecast I give you is a risk number and the bottoms up numbers are essentially sort of unrisk. But I think Bill can give you some numbers on where we are.
William Albrecht: Doug, right now in terms of current shale production in California, we're running about 45,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, and given the pace of the potential pick-up spill, where would you expect that to exit the year?
Stephen Chazen: I think we're not into the forecasting of that again because I think you'll be mixing a risk and unrisk numbers on the totals.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right, the final couple for me, again related to the same thing. Steve, the status of the gas plant, please, I believe, after the maintenance in Q1, I guess, we should have been expecting some recovery there. And finally the Rosetta acquisition, how much of that was included in Q2? And I guess...
Stephen Chazen: Very little because it didn't -- it closed in pieces during the quarter, so it was a really a small number.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, and the plant status?
Stephen Chazen: The plant is ready in April, is that what you're thinking?
William Albrecht: Yes, that we're targeting April of 2012 and actually we're currently running a little bit ahead of schedule on that.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Sorry, Bill, I was talking about the existing plant.
Stephen Chazen: The existing plant is an old plant that's not fairly reliable.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gammel of Macquarie.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: A few more on California, if I could. Of the 29 rigs that you have running in California, and Steve can you talk about how many of those are actually pursuing the unconventional objectives you have? And then out of that number, how many are looking to de-risk further acreage versus drilling in the, I believe, 200,000 acreage that you said you thought you had de-risked on the first quarter call?
Stephen Chazen: Bill, can answer that.
William Albrecht: Jason, right now of the 29 rigs we have running in California, fully 20 of those are drilling unconventional plays or horizons. And of that 20, roughly 4 to 5 are in the process of de-risking additional acreage.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: Is the 200,000 acres still a reasonable number for us to be thinking about in terms of de-risking?
Stephen Chazen: I think that's not plenty for now.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: Yes, agreed. Then one more, if I could. It's probably too early to talk about this, but I'm going to try it anyway. Anything on Khuff [ph] curves, initial production rates, what you expect ultimate risk to be, et cetera?
Stephen Chazen: I think as we look at this if we went back to what we said roughly a year ago or a little more than a year, I think we're a little more optimistic on the verticals and a little more pessimistic on the horizontals.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: Steve, can you remind me what you're expecting on the verticals, of that 300 barrels a day, accurate, 400?
William Albrecht: Jason, right now we're averaging about 370 and that's BOE, that's equivalent per day.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research: And then just one more, if I could. Of that 370 or just on an overall mix of production of the unconventionals, how much would you expect to be gas versus black oil versus condensate?
William Albrecht: It's about 60-40, 60% oil and about 40% gas.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: On the 3,000 to 4,000 barrels per month domestic production growth at the end of the year, how much of that is Gas and Oil?
Stephen Chazen: Because of the way it was computed, there are no particular easy way to tell. I would guess the bulk of it 75%, 80% would be oil.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, got you. And in terms of...
Stephen Chazen: Oil, meaning real oil. NGLs is an oil just so we're clear what we're talking about. NGLs are something between Oil and Gas.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, fair enough. And then looking at the overall domestic natural gas, dry gas production portfolio, is that production kind of expected to remain flat through the end of this year? Or do you expect declines to take place?
Stephen Chazen: No, I think it will probably grow. Sometimes when you -- especially in California, you drill it -- sometimes, it's a little misleading because if you drill a shale well, you might take it down to the deeper zone, slightly deeper zone, and the slightly deeper zone tends to be gassy. And you may not have drilled the well for that purpose. But all of a sudden, you got some gas. And so our ability, and so as we take what was designed as a shale well down a little bit further, you can wind up with a gas zone and so you get a little more volatility in the number, which is not a bad thing, by the way. But so you're predicting the stuff. You might get lucky and find the big gas zone, so our gas might go up sort of by serendipity.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Is that gas able to be produced into the market or is there infrastructure required to bring?
Stephen Chazen: It depends on where it is, but the answer is we, so far, we've been able to manage it.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, fair enough. My last question is on the Permian Basin. In terms of your rig count kind of going up in that basin, how much of that is split between the Delaware and the Midland Basin?
Stephen Chazen: Bill?
William Albrecht: I would say looking forward, Faisel, is that what you're asking?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Yes, sir.
William Albrecht: I'd say, probably 70% or so is going to be devoted to that delta. That incremental rig count is going to be devoted to the Delaware Basin as opposed to the Midland Basin.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: The delta kind of where we are today versus where we'll be at the end of the year.
William Albrecht: Right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sven Del Pozzo of IHS.
Sven Del Pozzo: With that new disclosure on the rig on the back page, is that gross operated rig, on a net basis, are the increases similar?
Stephen Chazen: Yes, there's a whole bunch of non-operated activity also, especially in the Permian, the Permian really. So we don't have any way of sort of predicting that.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay, and the overall increase in the rig count in the U.S. going from 38 to 59, does that -- are those conventional drilling rigs or are there workover rigs there included?
William Albrecht: No, that's just strictly drilling rigs.
Stephen Chazen: We got a very large number of workover rigs, so they would just obscure the numbers if we include the workover rigs.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. The IP rig you mentioned, the 370 for the California shale well, that's the 24-hour rate?
William Albrecht: It's actually longer than that. It's generally -- what a stabilize rate would be over, say, a week's time because these wells have to clean up before they stabilize. So it's really over a week or even longer period of time.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. How did your operations team deal with the flooding in North Dakota? I mean, you're farther away from the river. So I'd assume there is less flooding where you guys are, but I'm not sure.
Stephen Chazen: It really didn't affect us at all given where we operate.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. I'm seeing an increase in NGL production from the U.S. in the second quarter over the first quarter, is that correct? I mean, a substantial one?
William Albrecht: NGL production?
Sven Del Pozzo: Yes, I might be wrong. Let me see. Forget about that one. In the Permian, Apache was mentioning the application to modern drilling and completion techniques, horizontal application to their CO2 flood and also water floods. I'm assuming whether you guys see a similar upside.
Stephen Chazen: We don't have a basis compared with what Apache is saying, I don't know what that's about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Duane Grubert of Susquehanna Financial.
Duane Grubert - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: On the CO2 team, we've had others in the sector see CO2 supply as a constraint. I think you guys have been pretty proactive in telling us why it's not a constraint. Can you talk to us about how you think of allocating capital in the Permian to non-CO2 versus CO project and the CO2 available is a factor in that allocation?
Stephen Chazen: We have [indiscernible] with supplier about half of our own CO2 and we have ways to increase that. So the fact that some smaller operator has a problem getting CO2 doesn't surprise us the market is fairly snug. It's a very profitable business. We allocated and sort of we have a 5-year plan for putting CO2 in the ground and we just go ahead and do it. It's a very profitable business to see. We spend all the capital, really.
Duane Grubert - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: And then jumping over to one of your recent acquisitions, the heavy oil stuff in California, do you have any early read on your enthusiasm for your heavy oil project?
Stephen Chazen: It's a one-off thing. I don't think we're interested in more heavy oil. This was a pretty good opportunity. It was an undrilled field and 5 years from now it will be a pretty good result for us.
Duane Grubert - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay. And then you have been buying a lot of what appeared to be one-off things that pretty have legs [ph] domestically. I'm sure people also pitched to you international assets. Do you have any appetite to be shopping internationally?
Stephen Chazen: We always look for opportunities internationally, but in places we understand of course. So I don't think we'll be drilling much in the Arctic or anything like that. So we're looking for places we understand and where we can make substantial returns. You don't want to go to international just to produce empty barrels.
Duane Grubert - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: And then to follow on to an earlier comment you guys made on California. You said, I think, unconventional wells, you got about 20 out of 29 rigs more or less developing and 4 or 5 de-risking. Can we really think of that whole program as being in a development stage now or are there certain aspects of it like infrastructure, sizing or maybe where the footprint is that you're still in less of a development stage and more of a figuring out what you want to do stage?
Stephen Chazen: We're always figuring out what we want to do, I think. I think we always are looking to expand and figure out new opportunities. There's different plays that are around that we haven't talked about publicly. So we're always looking for different things to do, trying to figure out where to build the next gas plant. There are a lot of things we do and so we're trying to figure out what the program will be over the next decade. So that requires a certain amount of, it's not high-risk exploration but significant step-out activity just to figure out where we're going.
Duane Grubert - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: And then with the current sector environment, with the higher oil prices and the ability to do a lot of work in domestic areas that didn't frankly exist 5 or 10 years ago, can you remind us of your philosophy of cash use and maybe how the current environment might be influencing or changing that if at all?
Stephen Chazen: Cash use has always been the same. I think I have the same slide for the last 15 years. Number one use is maintenance capital, second use is dividends, third use is growth capital, the fourth is acquisitions and the share repurchases are last.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Herrlin of Societe Generale.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: A bunch of quick ones for you, Steve. For your volume growth domestically in the second quarter, was the bulk of that South Texas?
Stephen Chazen: Maybe somebody will look at the numbers. I don't know whether there was a bulk of it or not.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay, next one, California...
Stephen Chazen: No, I don't think so.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Okay, with California you said that the lion's share of the rigs currently running are unconventional, what would have been it a year ago just to give some perspective?
Stephen Chazen: It was more conventional. A year ago, we were probably even 50-50 and then we shifted because we said we were going to do that.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Year end, should we assume that there's no Yemeni volumes?
Stephen Chazen: No. I think a good case at Yemen. We think that there's a reasonable chance that the -- first of all, half the production isn't really covered by that. It's other fields that have longer contracts. And it looks to us that there's at least a reasonable chance that the government will always allow Nexen to continue to operate in Masila field while it figures out what it's going to do. So I think there's a reasonable chance the stuff in Yemen will continue for a while at the full rate. No guarantees of that obviously, but about half of the production is unrelated to that and has been pretty much unaffected by this.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. For the properties the Nexen is operating, would you expect then to pay a sizable upfront bonus?
Stephen Chazen: We don't know. I think right now there's really nobody to negotiate with. I assume that what will happen is that they'll just let it go for a while until there's a clarity in the government there.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. All right. That's fine. In terms of the property acquisition marketplace, you're full in California, you said there's a lot of for sale in the Williston, there's always dribs and drabs in the Permian. Are you considering any sort of new areas?
Stephen Chazen: In the United States?
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Yes, correct.
Stephen Chazen: No, not really. I mean, we tire kick a lot of stuff so we understand what's going on. But I don't see any, and certainly not this year.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: But you're accruing a lot of cash, and so would it be reasonable to assume that you would focus on more dividend growth or potentially a share buyback, which I know you don't particularly like, but is that a consideration?
Stephen Chazen: We like dividends better than share repurchases.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. That's fine. Last one for me, we're seeing a lot of gratuitous, divorces these days in the public marketplace, disintegrations, whatever. Would the board ever consider maybe doing a split of Oxy between domestic and international?
Stephen Chazen: You just have to come to conclusion that, that actually creates value rather than just some sort of something to entertain investment bankers. So we never say never, but I think right now there's a lot of synergies between them. Very difficult for the international business to have anything less than a single A credit rating to get new contracts. And so it's just improbable if that would create new value to split them off that way.
Operator: Your next question is from David Heikkinen of Tudor, Pickering.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Bill, just had a follow-up question, thinking about the vertical well split around, talking about 60% oil, 40% gas, that's for all the wells drilled including the Elk Hills, primary wells but your guidance is reflecting more oil growth. Can you talk us through kind of what are the kind of current well splits for the wells you're drilling on the vertical unconventional?
William Albrecht: David, most of them are vertical wells in terms of the unconventional wells. Nearly all are drilling vertical wells as opposed to horizontal, just speaking to the unconventional.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: I'm trying to understand the 60% oil, 40% gas and the average of all the wells drilled versus the guidance that most of the growth is oil.
William Albrecht: Yes, what I was referring to was the 60-40 split was just solely on unconventional shale wells.
Stephen Chazen: That's an average rather than sort of the outcome. If they look at it, that's what they're sort of doing because when you produce the oil, you get a fair amount of gas with it. The wells are oil wells. They just have -- they have associated gas. It's just hard -- most of the growth is oil, but I think you asked about really a -- the answer to a very narrow range of wells.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. So out of your total, what's your conventional development program heading forward and how do those wells look like?
Stephen Chazen: Those wells are basically oil wells with less gas. Nothing wrong with the gas, I mean you get $4 and they have high rates and so you get your money back pretty quick. But we think most of the growth for this year will be oil because we're trying to bias it that way. Although occasionally, we have this issue with you drill a little bit deeper and you wind up in a gas zone.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And the properties acquired, that was kind of 30 million to 35 million cubic feet equivalent a day primarily?
Stephen Chazen: I think it was less. I think it's less than that. We're the largest gas producer in the state and that's an old field, been around a long time, it's in different part of the state. And I think we could probably market a little different than maybe the predecessor.
Operator: Your next question comes from Katherine Minyard of JPMorgan.
Katherine Minyard: Quick question on your comments on California and some of the permits. You talked about there being some uncertainty around future permits particularly related to the injector wells. Was just curious as to whether there's something about the nature of the injection wells that's holding them up or is it their location?
Stephen Chazen: No. It's an industry issue, not necessarily related to us.
Katherine Minyard: Okay. And then Just in light of that, how much of your growth forecast in California depends on successfully permitting the injection wells and then does that change over time?
Stephen Chazen: It's a long-term problem for us rather than a short-term problem. The only place it affects us in the sort of intermediate term is a little bit under 1,000 barrels a day at THUMS, but other than the rest of it. Ultimately you need to dispose of the water, so it's hard to produce oil without producing saltwater. So we're going to have to ultimately have more injection wells and so it's an issue. But it's more an issue for people in steam-like business, which for some large players out here in California that have I think a much bigger issue than we do.
Katherine Minyard: Okay. All right, thanks. And then can I just switch quickly to Latin America. It just looks like the production that's being reported from Colombia is kind of trending downward. I'm just curious as to whether that's a price-related impact or whether it's project delays?
Stephen Chazen: Basically, there is a kicker to the Colombian government on price.
Operator: Your next question comes from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: So going to cannibalize the front of your conference call, at least for some folks. I'll give you a break on the California questions.
Stephen Chazen: We thought we'd run out of counties.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: I thought so. But on the Permian, my question is, are wider differentials impacting the way you think about capital allocation and potentially away from the Permian at least on operating level, at least until this normalize and move in to another part of your portfolio?
Stephen Chazen: At $100 oil, which is the WTI price, you could drive a truck through the margins on a cash basis or a reported basis or whatever. Historically, $100 is a pretty decent price. And so the fact that somebody says, well, maybe it should be on some basis of $106. Yes, it's true but this is still $100. Given a very oily portfolio in the Permian, I mean, this is enormously profitable. I mean, you should get -- I mean just say -- well, you should get some more, I don't know if we should get some more now, but I don't know about a year from now. So I think we'll take the money and run.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Well, I mean that's -- I guess the second question, and clearly respect that, that's very profitable, do you think of changing any kind of hedge position into 2012 if you have...
Stephen Chazen: We're not hedgers, we don't know. The Phibro guys are bullish on oil forever, so I guess we're not hedgers in that sense.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay, so nothing to protect any TILOS exposure?
Stephen Chazen: The reason we keep sort of a debt-free balance sheet is so we don't have to protect our downside, so we don't have to buy basically insurance for downside. We're not good speculators on product prices.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that's fair. Just maybe last question on Iraq. I apologize if I missed it early, you mentioned it on your last call, did you begin liftings in the second half of '11?
Stephen Chazen: Lifting will be this month, first lifting is this month.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Steve, sorry for the follow-up. I just wanted to get clarification on a couple of things. You've said in the past that your shale wells were predominantly oil, meaning north of 90%, has that changed?
Stephen Chazen: No.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So what's the 60-40 then, I'm confused?
Stephen Chazen: It's just, 60-40 is related as to whether it's called oil well or gas well.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So what is the majority of the wells you're drilling, are they 60% oil or 90% oil?
Stephen Chazen: Closer to 90%, but we may occasionally -- you should understand that sometimes you drill a little deeper and you wind up with a pretty gassy well.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Sure. I understand that. But predominantly, if we're talking about completing 150 to 175 wells this year, what proportion of those would you say were in the 90% range than in the other range because it makes a heck of difference to the value obviously?
Stephen Chazen: Probably not as much as you think because the gas wells will have a lot of liquids with them.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Right. The IP rates, again, going back to Bill's comments. Previously you've said sort of 350 reserve was a good run rate as an IP rate. But you described that as longer than 30 days, which is a bit different from Bill saying 7 days. So can we get some clarification on that also, maybe just reiterate how you see the decline curve as we compare to what you gave us a year ago?
William Albrecht: Doug, just to clarify really, when I was talking about 7 days, I was talking about time for the wells to clean up. That 370 BOE a day number really is a 30-day stabilized IP number. That's an average.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So how would I think about that in terms of let's say a month, underlying 30-day average, is that a good number or...
William Albrecht: That's a good number, Doug, yes.
Stephen Chazen: I think what he was trying to say is as opposed to just the IP rate like the Haynesville well, which is sort of one day or something, what he's trying to say is it takes them a week or so to clean up the well. It stays at this 370 for a month or so and then the decline will begin.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: All right, great. And the final one is previously $3 million of well was kind of the number to drill, complete and hooked up, I guess, that you've given us. Can you just talk a little bit about what's happening to service cost in the state and what about -- those results were still a good run rate that we should be thinking about in terms of the CapEx, and I'll leave it at that.
William Albrecht: Doug, I think $3.5 million to $4 million is really a good range drill, complete and hooked up to sales. We are seeing some inflation on pressure pumping obviously just as the whole industry is. But that's still a pretty good number, $3.5 million to $4 million.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: You're not frac-ing these wells, Bill?
William Albrecht: No, there's a few that we do fracture stimulate, but the majority are just acidized.
Operator: And your final question comes from Sven Del Pozzo of IHS.
Sven Del Pozzo: Sorry, Just returning to the NGL question from our view. In fact if things go up, just wondering are you -- is that part of the South Texas acquisition, is that rich gas, is that why -- I'm looking at the end, the domestic NGL production looks like...
Stephen Chazen: The additional NGLs from last year, from a year ago, come from South Texas and in the Permian.
Sven Del Pozzo: So are we going to see in the future similar ramp up in NGL production sequentially quarter-over-quarter?
Stephen Chazen: No.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Stephen Chazen: Thank you.
Christopher Stavros: Well, thanks very much for joining us today on the call and if you have any questions, feel free to call us here in New York. Thanks again and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations Edward Lowe - Vice President and President of Oxy Oil and Gas -International Production Stephen Chazen - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Joseph Stewart - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum 2011 First Quarter Earnings Release Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Stavros, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Stavros: Thanks, Christy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Occidental Petroleum's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Chazen, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Bill Albrecht, President of Oxy's U.S. Oil and Gas operations; and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas business. Our first quarter earnings press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedules and conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com.  I'll now turn the call over to Steve Chazen, who will review the first quarter financial and operating results. Steve, Please go ahead.
Stephen Chazen: Well, thank, you, Chris. I hope you can hear me better than I can hear you. Thank you, Chris. Core income was $1.6 billion or $1.96 per diluted share in the first quarter of this year compared to $1.1 billion or $1.35 per diluted share in the first quarter of last year. Non-core items amounted to a net after-tax charge of $44 million. Non-core items included pretax gains of $225 million from the sale of the Argentina operations and a $22 million gain from the sale of our interest in the Columbia pipeline. Non-core pretax charges included $163 million related to the early redemption of $1.4 billion face value of debt, $35 million write-off, the entire accumulated estimated cost of exploration properties in Libya and nonrecurring out-of-period charges for state and foreign taxes, $62 million.  This resulted in net income of $1.5 billion or $1.90 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2011 compared to $1.1 billion or $1.31 per diluted share in the first quarter of last year.  We reorganized our Permian operation to 2 business units this quarter. One unit will hold the CO2 flood assets and the other will operate the conventional production. In connection with these, we've moved the production from Southwest Texas, which was previously part of the Midcontinent and other, into the Permian. The Midcontinent and other includes production from the recently acquired South Texas and North Dakota properties. Natural gas liquids account for about 10% of our Oil and Gas volumes and sell at a discount to crude oil. Starting this quarter, reporting NGL and crude oil production and sales volume separately as opposed to the previously disclosed combined liquids volumes. Please see the Investor Relations supplemental schedules for the 2010 quarterly realized prices and production and sales volumes reflecting these changes. Here's the segment breakdown for the first quarter. Oil and Gas segment and core earnings for the first quarter of 2011 were $2.5 billion compared to $1.9 billion from the first quarter of 2010. Realized prices increased 24% for crude oil in 2011 and 11% for NGL prices on a year-over-year basis, but domestic natural gas prices declined 25% from the first quarter of last year. Sales volumes to first quarter of 2011 were 728,000 BOE a day, a 6% increase compared to 685,000 BOE a day for the first quarter of 2010. The production guidance we gave you in last quarter's conference call was 740,000 to 750,000 BOE a day, was an $85 average price assumption. The actual first quarter oil price reduced our production volumes by about 10,000 BOE per day, including 1,000 BOE a day at THUMS in Long Beach in California.  As we previously disclosed, our Iraq production was lower by about 9,000 BOE a day due to less than planned spending levels as we are in the startup phases of operations. Inclement weather, mainly in Texas, caused an additional reduction of about 7,000 BOE a day. These reductions were offset by less-than-expected production loss from the Elk Hills maintenance shutdown and operational enhancements, providing higher-than-expected production in Colombia, Yemen and Qatar as well as the new assets resulting in production of 730,000 a day. Please see the production and sales volume reconciliations schedules in the Investor Relations supplemental schedules. First quarter production of 730,000 a day was higher than the fourth quarter 2010 production of 714,000 a day. First quarter volumes compared to the prior fourth quarter included 25,000 barrels a day from the new domestic acquisitions in South Texas and North Dakota. Sales of 728,000 a day, which is higher than our initial guidance of 725,000 a day, differ from production volume to the timings of liftings principally caused by Iraq, where liftings are expected in later half of 2011. First quarter 2011 realized prices improved for all our products over the fourth quarter of 2010. Worldwide crude oil realized prices $92.14 a barrel, increase of 15%. Worldwide NGLs were $52.64 a barrel, improvement 7%; and domestic natural gas prices were $4.21 per MCF, increase of 2%. Oil and Gas production costs were $11.30 a barrel for the first quarter of 2011 compared to last year's 12-month cost of $10.19 a barrel. The increase reflects increased workovers and maintenance activity and higher cost for energy. Taxes, other than non-income, which are directly related to product prices, were $2.25 a barrel for the first quarter of 2011 compared to $1.83 for all of last year. Total exploration expenses are $84 million in the quarter. This amount include the Libyan write-off of $35 million, which is included in non-core items discussed earlier. Chemical segment earnings in the first quarter of 2011 were $219 million, which were greater than our earlier guidance. These results are among the best ever reported for the Chemical segment's first quarter of operations which is historically a weak quarter due to seasonal factors. First quarter operations were positively affected by strong export demand and improved supply-demand balances across most products, resulting in higher margins including higher demand for calcium chloride resulted in severe winter storms in the Northeast and Midwest sections of the United States. Midstream segment earnings for first quarter of 2010 were $114 million compared with $202 million for the fourth quarter of 2010 and $94 million in the first quarter of 2010. The decrease from the fourth quarter earnings were mainly due to lower marketing and trading income. The worldwide effective tax rate on core income was 40% in the first quarter of 2011, which was in line with our guidance. Capital spending for the first quarter of this year was $1.3 billion, about 88% was in Oil and Gas, 10% in Midstream and the remainder in Chemicals. We're currently operating 16 rigs in the Permian and 24 rigs in California compared to 5 and 11 rigs, respectively, in the first quarter of last year. Cash flow from operations the first 3 months of 2011 was $2.2 billion, which includes a build in our accounts receivable of about $1 billion from the fourth quarter. In addition, we received $2.7 billion in proceeds from the sale of assets and use $1.3 billion from the company's cash flow to fund capital expenditures and $3 billion on acquisitions. We used $310 million to pay dividends and $1.5 billion to retire debt. We borrowed $1 billion at the end of the quarter for short-term needs, which has now been repaid.  These and other net cash flows reduced our $2.6 billion cash balance at the end of last year by $500 million to $2.1 billion. Free cash flow from continuing operations after capital spending and dividends, but before acquisition and debt activities, was about $500 million. Acquisition expenditure in the first quarter was $3 billion. These acquisitions included the previously announced South Texas purchase and properties in California and the Permian. Excluding the South Texas purchase, these properties did not materially impact the first quarter volumes. During the second quarter, we will make a payment of about $500 million in connection with the signing of the Shah Field Development Project. This amount represents development costs incurred by the project prior to the effective date for our participation. Future development costs reflected in capital expenditures. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the first 3 months of 2011 were $812.6 million and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $813.4 million. Our debt-to-cap ratio declined to 12% compared to 14% at the end of last year. Our remaining outstanding debt has an average interest rate of 3.7%. As we look forward to the current quarter, first quarter average oil prices are about $95. Expect the second quarter Oil and Gas production volumes to be as follows. Domestic volumes are expected to increase to at least 425,000 BOE a day compared with the first quarter daily production of 404,000 BOE a day. Latin America is expected to be comparable to quarter one volumes. In the Middle East region, where an overwhelming majority of the value using either the SEC standardized measure or income, comes from Qatar, including Dolphin and Oman, where the operations are running smoothly.  With regard to second quarter production in Middle East region, we expect no production for Libya. Production levels in Iraq are not easily predictable due to volatile spending levels at this early stage of that project. This is caused by the nature of the contract, which allows at anywhere near current oil prices immediate recovery of expenditures through cost recovery barrels. As a result, the level of development spending in any given period has an immediate impact on volumes for that period. In Yemen, almost all of our reduction comes from concessions operated by others. In addition, the Masila Field contract, which produces net to us about 11,000 barrels of oil a day is approaching expiration at the end of 2011 and capital spending is being phased down. These factors make a forecast in the production volumes from this area to be very difficult. For the remainder of the Middle East, we expect production to be comparable to first quarter volumes. Total sales volumes are expected to be 725,000 BOE a day, which should not include any volumes from Iraq or Libya. A $5 increase in WTI would reduce our production sharing contract daily volumes by about 3,500 barrels a day. We are increasing our total capital spending program to $6.8 billion, with about $500 million of the increase related to Shah Field development program, subsequent to the effective date of our participation, and the remainder principally in California spending attributable to additional permits being obtained. At current market prices, $1 per barrel change in oil prices impacts quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $34 million. First quarter WTI oil price was $94.10 per barrel. $1 per barrel change in WTI prices affects NGL quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $4 million. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices has a $34 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes. The current NYMEX gas price is around $4.25 an M. Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $85 million for seismic and drilling for our exploration program. The Chemical segment earnings are expected to be comparable to the first quarter. We expect continuation in the first quarter trends with sufficient gains from strong exports and seasonal demand improvement to offset the reduced contribution from the calcium chloride business. We expect our worldwide tax rate in the second quarter to be about 39%. In California, we are continuing the program I discussed in the last quarter's conference call, which is progressing with satisfactory results. Permitting, especially exploration permits, are still an issue but we recently obtained some permits that make us optimistic about increasing our second half capital spending plan. Governor Brown has been working to speed up the permitting process. We expected that his effort will be successful, which should enable us to increase our activity and add more jobs to the state. In the first quarter, we drilled and completed 26 shale wells outside of the Elk Hills Field. Copies of the press release and the Investor Relations supplement are available on our website or to the EDGAR system. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from David Heikkinen of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: First, want to talk about your Permian operations, with the division of CO2 flood assets and conventional production, can you give us what the current production is for each of those assets?
Stephen Chazen: You're actually breaking up, so we couldn't actually hear the question.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: So Permian operations, the CO2 flood assets and the conventional production, can you give us production amounts per each asset gain?
Stephen Chazen: Bill, I think, can rough it out. We're not going to report that separately because it's a little confusing. But we can give you an idea for it.
William Albrecht: Yes, David, on the CO2 side, it's about 140,000 or so BOE per day and on the primary development side it's around 60,000 to 65,000 a day.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then on Shah gas, the $500 million payment prior to participation, how is that communicated or was that expected because we didn't have that in our expectations?
Stephen Chazen: The first $500 million is related to basically historical costs because I think they've been working on it for 3 years. They're working on it for 3 years. That's the historical cost. We treated it as effectively a bonus payment but it's really related to the cost and some of it is actually accrued. The remaining $500 million is our estimate of what the capital will be for the remainder of the year.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And as you think about the total cost of the project now, do you have any update as far as what that will be?
Stephen Chazen: Sandy?
Edward Lowe: $10 million is still a good number. And we're currently reviewing all the engineering procurement contracts with the Shah team and $10 million or $10.2 million looks good to me right now.
Stephen Chazen: And we own 40% of that, just to remind you. So including the sunk, because the sunk's in the $10.2 million, so we're talking about a $4 billion net to us, $500 million we've essentially already paid. We expect that $500 million will be either paid or accrued this year, another $500 million.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Steve, can we just stick around in California a little bit more and try and work out really by the 3 elements that you've got going on there, how the satisfactory progress is going and where we'll go from here. Can you talk more about Kern County going forward, about other California, if you like? And then I noticed you said that you've got 26 shale wells drilled and completed, can you talk about the production from those?
Stephen Chazen: Yes. Thank you. The exploration program is slightly stalled from the permitting process. We hope at the back half of the year, we can catch up. That's the pure exploration. I think we're doing very well on the shale exploration development and that's actually progressing well and the wells are -- we basically have caught up to where we needed -- where we thought we'd be and we're continuing to progress. We're getting a little better results from the completions than we were historically because we probably figured out how to do it better. The Kern County discovery basically, I don't think it will change much until we move -- until we start drilling more of the deeper wells, which won't happen until we get closer to have the new gas plant.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And what's the latest on that?
Stephen Chazen: So fundamentally, we're shifting to an oilier, more predictable outcome for this year.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess just looking backwards, the gas plant is back up from the turnaround of gas and we then get to wait and see to develop the second one, which I guess is still...
Stephen Chazen: That's right. It's back up but, no, it's not exactly brand new.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Right. And the next one? Latest...
Stephen Chazen: Next one I think is about in the first quarter of next year.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And can you put some volumes around the shale, exploration and development in terms of any sort of additional data you can give us on what you're finding?
Stephen Chazen: I'd really like to wait another quarter if I could because I got some preliminary results now but having been burned on this in the last year I just assumed we'd be cautious about. I got some good results currently but we'll see if they continue for the next few months. But it's been -- it's really picked up nicely and I think our completion techniques have improved, so I think we're doing better. But I'd like to put off a more detailed discussion for another quarter if I could. But there's nothing in here that's negative. If anything, it's slightly positive.
Operator: The next question comes from John Herrlin of Societe Generale.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Some quick ones, Steve. With Yemen, would you opt to try to renew that PSC?
Stephen Chazen: I'm sorry I -- you wanted to...
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: With Yemen, would you...
Stephen Chazen: We'd like to but it's hard to exactly find somebody to negotiate with right now.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: True. That's fair. I was just curious whether you want to stay there. That's all.
Stephen Chazen: No, it's a very profitable small operation and really has created very little problems for us over the years. But right now, you actually need a government on the other side to be signing. So I think once the thing stabilizes, we'll be trying to do that.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay, that's fine. With the Permian, there's been a big ramp up in activity. Given the price realizations, would you try to accelerate there at all or you just keep to your normal program?
Stephen Chazen: No, I think we've accelerated materially already. You can see the rig count change from a year ago.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: No, I meant beyond now. Beyond what was reported.
Stephen Chazen: I think we'll continue to accelerate it. I think that you'll see it certainly by the end of this year. Another by the end of the year, see a much higher rig count in the Permian for us.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay, great. And you didn't mention anything about the Bakken, you bought yourself a little exposure there, any news for you there?
Stephen Chazen: We've sort of just taken over. It's still what it was supposed to do but it's still pretty small at this point. Once it becomes more sizable, we'll talk more about it. But right -- it's doing what it's supposed to do. We really just took over. There's nothing really here that's either surprising, good or bad.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Last one for me...
Stephen Chazen: We were surprised to find out it was cold there.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: It's very cold there in the winter time, yes. How about on the M&A front, are you seeing ridiculous prices on packages or are the big gaps now between buyers and sellers in terms of what you are seeing?
Stephen Chazen: Yes, we've had obviously a big first quarter in M&A, which you can see in the numbers. The pipeline now is pretty thin and there's a lot of expensive-looking stuff floating around, especially in the shale plays. So I'm guessing right now that the rest of the year will be pretty -- or the next couple of quarters for sure -- will be pretty inactive for us, except for some small deals maybe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Let me do and try a couple please, if I may. Obviously, the discussions you appear to have had with the Governor in California. Can you give some indication as to what commitments you may have given in terms of your activity levels? Obviously it seems to be a highly politicized situation over there right now? And what was really behind my question, is that when we look at the Permian [ph] conservation data, Steve, it's looking like you got a lot of permits issued in March, like of the order of more than 90. And I just want to get a feel as to are we really starting to see a ramp up there? And what commitment have you made to basically raise your own activity levels obviously in the unconventional?
Stephen Chazen: The governor is focused on jobs in California and so we've indicated that job creation as the permits come, which is fairly obvious. Not something that's hard to figure. The permits that you're looking at there, a lot of those are development permits, which are sort of normal course of business things which we counted on. We did get some for an extension, not an exploration, but extension of a discovery and some permits to drill there, which I think will be good. So we're encouraged but we really have a long way to go. We still have a nine-month backlog, roughly. So the boost there, a lot of that was the normal development stuff within the field, which is not as contentious. And so I'd like to wait another quarter before we say that the tide has really turned.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a quick follow-up on that. The run rate up until March was about 10 or 12. It looks like maybe 10 to 15 if we're lucky. And you did say in the last call, you had about 107 permits to drill on the shales this year, can you say, 1, was that run rate was about right? So is that step-up correct? And second, is the 107 still a good number or is that moving higher?
Stephen Chazen: I think it's likely to move higher as the back half of the year comes. I mean, we've indicated we're going to put more money in so I think we'll probably be higher at the back. I'm hoping it'll be higher at the back -- I'm hoping it'll be higher at the back half of the year. There are some issues floating around here that are sort of technical issues, but I think that big jump up in the early part of the year was drilling within fields and then there's some on this extension, which were look very positive because we focused with the Governor, others on this field extension which is very important to us.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: My only follow-up, Steve, is can you talk a little bit about the Lost Hills acquisition. Looks like a steam flood but my understanding this was also historical well data to suggest there is some deep similarities with discovery you had in southern Kern County. So a little bit, if you could elaborate on that and I'll leave it there.
Stephen Chazen: It's a relatively small amount of production. We have -- sort of a special situation, we own the minerals under a slug of it. So we could get significantly better economics at almost any price level than somebody else might. So, and there's obviously some other opportunities there. But right now, I don't think it'll add a lot until for several years. So it'll be a slow buildup and then I think it'll do fine. Obviously, we got a lot. We're, by far, the largest gas producer in the state and some cheap gas, to turn it into oil, strikes me as okay trade right now, although we're not bearish on gas over a multi-year period.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: But nation's petroleum, we're talking 35,000 barrels a day within 4 to 5 years, is that about the right number?
Stephen Chazen: I think what you picked up was -- I don't know what they call it, the advertising numbers rather -- I think that was the baked sort of numbers. I think the real numbers are more modest than that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Just you guys reported a full quarter of production in Libya and I guess what I'm trying to understand is what was the contribution to segment earnings from Libya in the quarter? Just so I can understand...
Stephen Chazen: Almost nothing. It has a very small contribution and I don't have the number in front of me. But sales number -- so we actually reported what we actually listed. We didn't report any -- so in the Q, I think we'll report the earnings rate of Libya, but it might be $0.01 in the earnings.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, understood. And then if I'm looking at the Permian Basin view, and of course you guys control a lot of the pipeline systems in and around that area, how are you using your logistics assets to move some of that crude to market? And are you seeing any sort of significant discounts to that crude? Or are you able to get higher realizations because of the assets you own?
Stephen Chazen: I think the answer is, yes, we're doing, I think, better than the average there. We're not interested in solving the whole industry's problem with pushing. We're just interested in solving ours. So I think we're doing better. Our realizations, company-wide, are very good and likely to improve into the second quarter.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Is there a way to quantify the kind of uplift that you guys got in the quarter from the domestic oil price realizations from point of assets?
Stephen Chazen: Not really because they pass it back to the -- they don't keep it in the Midstream. They pass it back to the oil companies so we can pay royalties on it. So pretty hard to come up with a number. Generally speaking, our basic marketing business does about, putting aside the current situation, does about $1.50 a barrel better than a small producer would. It's clearly a lot wider than that now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Stewart from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joseph Stewart - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: First, Stephen, in response to an earlier question, you said that you guys are just kind of climbing up the learning curve on the completions in the California shale wells, could you please comment, are you using more acid jobs now or are you moving towards hydraulic fracs?
Stephen Chazen: Why don't you let Bill answer that?
William Albrecht: Yes, Joe, it's mainly acid-jobs driven and we're just simply treating these wells in larger intervals with more acid.
Joseph Stewart - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. And what are the average lateral links running on your horizontal wells?
Stephen Chazen: California has hardly any horizontal wells.
William Albrecht: Very few in the shales, if that's what you're referring to, Joe?
Joseph Stewart - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Yes. Yes, in the shales.
Stephen Chazen: Well, actually, we drilled vertical wells.
Joseph Stewart - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay, got it. And then second question for you, Steve, thinking about NGLs, last week Dow announced that long-term contract for ethane supply, what do you think the potential is there globally for similar contracts for you guys?
Stephen Chazen: We're looking at the future oversupply NGLs. We're trying to figure out how our Chemical business can reap some of the benefits from that. So we'll probably have some kind of announcement here in the next quarter about how we're going to deal with it.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Just getting back to the, I guess, the 2 approaches here on California, bottom up or top down. I think on the top-down basis, you've made a couple of statements about where volumes are expected to go. Firstly, I believe you said that California will be bigger than the Permian for the full year 2012 and I think in the past, I haven't seen recently the improvisation [ph] you've talked the...
Stephen Chazen: '12, '13, I think, was probably a better -- I think I said in the next couple of years. So I think made a '12, '13 area.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And that would, I guess, mean 200,000 a day barrels of oil equivalent plus?
Stephen Chazen: That's right.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And then in the past you had in your presentation words to the effect of unconventional oil in California would achieve a similar level. I think it was to be the biggest business unit within, I think, it was 10 years?
Stephen Chazen: Yes, that's right.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: So that would mean unconventional oil in California you're allowing would be more than 200?
Stephen Chazen: That's -- yes. Our biggest business unit's the Permian, combined Permian. I didn't split it in 2 so could I make it easier now.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Is there any other long-term statement to that kind that you can help us with again just from a top-down point of view for getting our arms around it?
Stephen Chazen: I think those are pretty conservative statements. I think pretty easy for us to see how we could achieve that if -- we had a little bumps in the road, as you're aware. But I think once we get by, whatever you want to call it, the issues here in California, I think you'll see a pretty good growth certainly in the shale production for sure. So I think that because we were focusing on that now because it's fairly predictable. We may not know what 2 wells will do, but we certainly know what 100 will do. So I think we've got a pretty predictable program for the year or so. It'll allow us to build a base and then we can do some more exotic things, if you will.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Can we back in recently to an activity level from your higher CapEx? I mean an increase, how would I do that?
Stephen Chazen: Yes, you could figure some amount per well.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: What would you figure that to be?
Stephen Chazen: About 3.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, okay. And then just...
Stephen Chazen: I mean it might be some that are less, sometimes more. But if you just stick to an average, around $3 million. That's real complete and hook-up, not just drilled.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, and then we can move forward on the CapEx number that you've given us for California. What's the kind of word going forward on that?
Stephen Chazen: I'd like to spend more. Just so you understand. This isn't -- we're not limiting them. This is just an estimate for you so you can see what we think sort of what we think we can do. But we would like to spend more if this moves along faster.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And how much would each well produce, Steve, approx?
Stephen Chazen: A reasonable guess, and there's some variance around it, but on the average, around 400, mostly oil.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: 400 barrels a day, right?
Stephen Chazen: No. It's about 400 equivalent, Paul, but heavily skewed to the oil side.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And then I guess the obvious question to follow that up is, what kind of declines would it then show?
Stephen Chazen: I think we're trying to get to the ultimate recovery, I think we're somewhere between 400,000 and 500,000.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: If anyone else is doing a follow-up, I figured I would as well. I think what we're really all trying to get, Steve, is real simple. Let me try a couple here and see if you can frame it. Are you still comfortable with your 10-acre spacing? And if so, how much of the acreage on your current 12-rig drilling program do you believe that you've de-risked out of the 1.6 million acres? And if you could just do the math for us and help us hold our hand a little bit on it, ultimately, when you talk about 200,000 barrels a day of unconventional production, in a conservative statement, what resource are we talking about in the context of supporting that? If you could just try and help us a little bit what ultimately what you see...
Stephen Chazen: I'll try to do it without going nuts. The 10-acre spacing, I think, is fine. It's possible, it could be less but we'll say it's 10. Less meaning a number below 10. We're pretty comfortable that we got more than 200,000 acres, that's fairly safe.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So we're talking about 20,000 more locations.
Stephen Chazen: Yes.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: With 500,000 barrels per location. I'm sorry...
Stephen Chazen: Yes. 400,000 to 500,000, whatever you want to use then, yes.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So what was -- is it only the permits then is stopping you putting more money to work?
Stephen Chazen: Permitting and people. You got to get the rigs and you don't want to destroy everything. But it's a combination of all those things. But that's sort of where we're headed over the next few years.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great. One final follow-up if I may, completely unrelated. Wolfcamp activity, could you maybe just give us a little bit color as to what you're doing there in the context of your overall Permian business? And I'll leave it there.
Stephen Chazen: You're talking about the berry stuff?
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Stephen Chazen: It's a different berry everywhere, so Bill will answer that.
William Albrecht: Yes, Doug, just to give you a flavor. Of the 16 rigs that we have currently running in the Permian, right now 6 of those are drilling Wolfberry wells, which as you know is that interval between the Spraberry and the Wolfcamp. So we've got nearly 50% of our Permian development program designated to drill Wolfberry wells.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: And can you give kind of any characteristics around the wells, Bill?
William Albrecht: Yes, I mean they make good returns. General IPs are somewhere around 150 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Its ultimate recoveries of 200,000 or so BOE per well.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Is there multiple horizons that you're targeting in terms of -- I hear talk of like 7 different recompletions in some of these wells. Is that something you are seeing or, again, if you could just elaborate on how you see the potential, that would be great.
William Albrecht: Yes, Doug, I mean it's a thick interval, as you know, and so we're doing multistage fracs on these intervals. So frankly, we're not leaving a whole lot behind in terms of recompletion potential. We like to open the whole thing up.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Heikkinen of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: I think Doug Leggate covered me.
Stephen Chazen: Good. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn the call back over for closing remarks.
Christopher Stavros: Well, thank you very much for participating in today's call and if you have any other questions, feel free to call us here in New York. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-26 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Ray Irani - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Dividend Committee Christopher Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations Edward Lowe - Vice President and President of Oxy Oil and Gas -International Production Stephen Chazen - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc. Joseph Stewart Steve Marr Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Stavros, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Stavros: Thank you, Christy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Occidental Petroleum's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Chazen, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Albrecht, President of Oxy's U.S. Oil and Gas Operations. Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas business, wasn't able to join us for today's call as he is currently traveling in the Middle East.  In a moment, I will turn the call over to Dr. Irani for some opening remarks and comments regarding some of our recent transactions and new project announcements. Steve Chazen will then review our fourth quarter and full year 2010 financial and operating results. Our fourth quarter earnings press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedules and the conference call presentation slides, which refer to Steve's remarks, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Dr. Irani. Dr. Irani, please go ahead.
Ray Irani: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. In a few minutes, Steve Chazen will provide details on our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2010. But first, I want to mention some key developments of the last week and of the past quarter that we believe are significant to continuing Oxy's success in 2010 and beyond.  Last week, we announced that the government of Abu Dhabi selected Oxy to participate in the development of the Shah gas fields, one of the largest natural gas fields in the Middle East. Oxy will hold a 40% participating interest in a 30-year contract, with Abu Dhabi National Oil Company, ADNOC, holding the remaining 60%. We're indeed pleased that the Abu Dhabi government has chosen Oxy to participate with them in this major project. This is another important step in the implementation of our growth strategy in the Middle East and in our relationship with the Emirates of Abu Dhabi.  You will recall that in 2007, Oxy submitted a bid on the Shah project and was not selected. However, development of the field under the agreement announced last week provides an exciting opportunity to create value for the people of Abu Dhabi and, of course, for Oxy stockholders. We expect it to provide similar returns to Oxy as our traditional Middle East properties. Working in close partnership with ADNOC, we will apply our expertise in this technically challenging project to develop high sulfur content reservoirs within the Shah field. The project is anticipated to produce approximately 500 million cubic feet per day of sales gas, providing net to Oxy in the range of 200 million cubic feet a day. In addition, the project is expected to produce about 50,000 barrels per day of condensate and natural gas liquids, which we expect to yield in the range of 20,000 barrels per day net to Oxy.  ADNOC is already in the process of developing the field, and the majority of its [indiscernible] and procurements and construction contracts have already been awarded. Production from the field is scheduled to begin in 2014. Capital expenditures for the entire project are estimated to be in the range of $10 billion, with Oxy's share proportional to the ownership.  Another key development for Oxy and very exciting, which we announced last month, was the strategic adjustments we have made to our asset base in order to improve the company's performance and profitability. While selling our Oil and Gas operations in Argentina, which have not performed to our expectations, the subsidiary of Sinopec had expected after-tax proceeds to be about $2.5 billion.  We have made acquisitions and new producing areas for Oxy, North Dakota and South Texas, which we believe have solid potential for growth. We expect the combination of these transactions to immediately improve our earnings, return on capital employed and free cash flow. The North Dakota acquisition has already closed, and we anticipate the Argentina and South Texas transactions to close by the end of this quarter.  Two years ago, we went into North Dakota with a modest amount of acreage in the oil-rich Bakken and Three Forks Formation of the Williston Basin. Now we have expanded our position in the area to over 200,000 acres by purchasing about 180,000 net contiguous acres from a private seller for about $1.4 billion. We expect to grow our production in the Williston Basin from these properties to about 30,000 BOE per day over the next five years. The South Texas acquisition from Shell for about $1.8 billion gives us properties which have over 320 billion cubic feet of gas equivalent, improved and developed reservoirs and are liquid-rich with a solid inventory of building opportunities. Oxy's already a major producer in Texas, and East South Texas assets further expand our footprint in the state. We anticipate the new U.S. assets to immediately yield reasonable earnings and produce good free cash flow even at current gas prices. As gas prices improve in the future and we optimize overall area opportunities, these properties will fit well with our overall presence, performance and continued growth in the United States.  The U.S. acquisitions, together with those we made in the third quarter of last year, will replace our production from Argentina with better profits, return on capital employed and free cash flow.  And as evidence of our confidence in Oxy's performance with the addition of our new U.S. assets, Oxy's Board of Directors has announced its intention to increase our common share dividend rate by 21% to an annual rate of $1.84 effective with the April 15 payment. This will mark Oxy's 10th dividend increase since 2002, bringing the compounded annual growth rate over the period to 15.6%. In 2011, we will maintain our focus on delivering value to our shareholders and partners as we continue improving our asset base, while growing production and reserves.  I'll now turn the call over to Steve Chazen to report on Oxy's financial performance during the first quarter and full year.
Stephen Chazen: Thank you, Ray. The core income was $1.3 billion or $1.58 per diluted share in the fourth quarter this year compared to $1.1 billion or $1.35 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of last year. Net income was $1.2 billion or $1.49 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to $938 million or $1.15 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2009.  As required by accounting rules, Argentina has been classified as discontinued operation. Therefore, Argentina's results have been excluded from continuing operations net of tax for all periods. What this means is everything about Argentina has collapsed into a single line. Details of Argentina's operating results for the years 2008 and '09 and by quarters in 2010 are included in the Investor Relations supplemental schedules. Argentina has not been profitable for the last four years.  The 2010 fourth quarter also included after-tax non-core charges of $175 million for impairments predominantly of gas properties in the Rockies, and an $80 million benefit related to foreign tax credit carryforwards. The fourth quarter 2010 core income included $110 million higher pretax expense compared to the third quarter or $70 million after tax or $0.09 per diluted share from equity and related compensation programs, mostly due to the effect of the steep rise in the company's stock during final quarter. Here's the segment breakdown for the fourth quarter. Oil and Gas segment earnings for the fourth quarter of 2010 are $1.7 billion. Realized crude oil prices increased 11.5% in 2010, but domestic natural gas prices declined 5.5% in the fourth quarter of 2009. Production volumes in the fourth quarter 2010 were 750,000 BOE a day, a 5% increase compared to the 717,000 BOE a day in the fourth quarter of 2009. Fourth quarter production of 753,000 per day was slightly higher than third quarter's production of 751,000 BOE per day.  Fourth quarter volumes compared to the third quarter were negatively impacted by 10,000 BOE a day from the effects of our production-sharing contract, 6,000 BOE a day due to strikes in Argentina and inclement weather in December, which impacted our California production.  In California, oil production was higher by 2,000 barrels a day in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. It was offset by 1,000 barrels a day decline resulting from higher oil prices, affecting the production-sharing contracts at our THUMS operation, and by 3,000 barrels a day of lower natural gas liquids volume resulting from lower gas production.  Excluding Argentina, worldwide oil and gas production for the fourth quarter was 714,000 BOE a day. Third quarter production would have been 716,000 BOE a day if Argentina were excluded. The fourth quarter sales volumes were 751,000 BOE a day. Sales volumes differ from production volumes due mainly to the fourth quarter lifting in Argentina, which slipped from the third quarter, partially offset by Iraq production, which will be sold in 2011, and a lifting in Colombia, which was sold at the beginning of this year. Exploration expense is $54 million in the quarter. Chemical segment earnings for the fourth quarter of 2010 were $111 million and in line with our earlier guidance. Midstream segment earnings for the fourth quarter of 2010 were $210 million compared to $163 million in the third quarter of 2010 and $81 million in the fourth quarter of last year. The increase in earnings was mainly due to higher trading and marketing income. Worldwide effective tax rate was 38% for the fourth quarter.  Now let me turn to Oxy's performance during the last year. Core income was $4.7 billion or $5.72 per diluted share for the 12 months of this year compared to $3.2 billion or $3.92 per diluted share for the full year of 2009. Net income was $4.5 billion or $5.50 per diluted share for the 12 months of 2010 compared with $2.9 billion or $3.58 per diluted share for the same period of 2009. Income for the 12 months of 2010 included $134 million of charges net of tax and 2009 included $277 million net of tax for the items noted on the schedule reconciling net income to core results. Oil and gas cash production costs, which exclude production and property taxes, were $10.19 a barrel for 2010, excluding Argentina. Last year's 12 months costs were $8.95 a barrel on the same basis. The year-over-year increase reflects $0.32 a barrel and higher CO2 costs due to our decision to expense 100% of injected CO2 beginning this year and higher field support operations workover and maintenance costs.  Taxes other than on income were $1.83 a barrel for 2010 compared to $1.67 per barrel for all of 2009. These costs, which are sensitive to product prices, reflect the effect of higher crude oil and gas prices in 2010.  Capital spending for the fourth quarter was about $1.4 billion and $3.9 billion for the 12 months, excluding Argentina. Capital expenditures by segment were 80% Oil and Gas, 13% in Midstream and the remainder in Chemicals. Cash flow from operations for the 12 months of 2010 was $9.1 billion, excluding Argentina. We used $3.9 billion of the company's cash flow to fund capital expenditures; $4.7 billion on acquisitions and $225 million on foreign contracts. These investing cash flow uses amounted to $8.8 billion. We issued $2.6 billion of debt in the fourth quarter. We also used $1.2 billion to pay dividends and $310 million to retire debt.  Argentina's net cash flow for the year was a negative $125 million after spending $415 million for capital expenditures and contract extension payments. These and other net cash flows increased our $1.2 billion cash balance at the end of last year by $1.4 billion to $2.6 billion at December 31. Free cash flow from continuing operations after capital spending and dividends, but before acquisition activity and debt retirements, was about $4.3 billion. Our acquisition costs in the fourth quarter were $3.1 billion, which included the previously announced purchases of Oil and Gas bolt-on properties, mainly in the Permian. We expect to close the purchase of several additional properties and the sale of Argentina in the first quarter of 2011. During the year, we spent $4.1 billion on Oil and Gas acquisitions, of which about 50% was on unproved properties.  On a preliminary basis, our 2010 reserve replacement ratio was about 150%. Approximately 1/3 of the current year reserve adds came from acquisitions. We will provide additional details regarding reserves as soon as the information is available. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the 12 months of 2010 were 812.5 million, and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 813.8 million. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 14% at the end of the year. Our 2010 return on equity was 14.7% and return on capital employed of 13.2%. As we look ahead in the current quarter, our first quarter 2011 production will be impacted by the following factors. First, we will no longer report Argentina production. Second, the timing of completion of the new acquisitions, while the acquisition the Oil and Gas properties in North Dakota closed at year end, the acquisition of the South Texas properties is yet to close.  We have a planned one-month maintenance and production shutdown at Elk Hills and Dolphin. The impact of the Elk Hills shutdown, which will only impact natural gas and liquids production, will be about 8,000 BOE a day for the first quarter of 2011. The impact of the Dolphin shutdown will be about 5,000 BOE a day for the quarter.  We expect the first quarter Oil and Gas production volumes to be between 740,000 and 750,000 BOE a day and fourth quarter average prices of $85 for WTI. We expect sales volumes to be around 725,000 BOE a day. A $5 increase in WTI would reduce our daily volumes by about 5,500 BOE a day. Once we know the first quarter's results and the timing and the initial production rates on transfer from the pending acquisitions, we can provide an accurate full year production guidance. Production growth will resume in the second quarter. We reasonably expect by at least the second half of the year, production would be similar to the run rate we showed you in last May's investor presentation, adjusted for oil price changes. With regard to current prices, at current market prices, a $1 per barrel change in oil prices impacts quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $41 million. The average fourth quarter WTI price was $85.17 per barrel. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices has a $36 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes. This is a significant increase in gas price sensitivities from what we have told you in the past. The current NYMEX gas price is around $4.50 per MCF. Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $85 million for seismic and drilling for our exploration programs.  The Chemical segment is expected to provide earnings for the first quarter of about $125 million. We expect margins and volumes to continue to improve as the economy strengthens.  We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the first quarter of 2011 to be about 40%. Our fourth quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in our Investor Relations supplements. For all of 2011, we expect capital spending for the total year to be about $6.1 billion compared to the 2010 total of $3.9 billion. Both amounts exclude Argentina and the Shah Field Development Project. Occidental's share of the Shah Field development capital will total about $4 billion over the next several years. Our 2011 capital is close to our fourth quarter annualized run rate of $5.5 billion and in line with the five-year capital program we gave you in the May investor presentation, plus the capital that was deferred from 2010. The breakdown of the 2010 and 2011 capital by area and segment is included in the supplemental schedules. Our Oil and Gas DD&A expense for 2011 should be approximately $11.75 per BOE. Depreciation for the other two segments should be about $500 million. In California, we have about 520 geologically viable so-called de-risked shale drilling locations in California, excluding traditional Elk Hills. Of these locations, about 250 are outside both of the Elk Hills proper in the Kern County Discovery Area.  During 2011, based on a conservative view of the permitting process, we expect to drill a total of 107 shale wells outside of Elk Hills proper. As additional permits become available, the level of drilling activity would pick up during the year.  We will also drill 28 exploration wells in California in 2011. About 50% of these will be for conventional exploration. We expect the exploration activity will, at a minimum, create more unconventional drilling locations. Copies of our press release and our supplemental schedules are available on our website or on the SEC system. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the David Heikkinen of Tudor, Pickering.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: As we think about the industry and then your operation, we can qualitatively get some thoughts around primary potential in the Permian, also kind of the development potential and exploration potential in California. But trying to quantify that has been difficult given current disclosure, particularly versus some of the smaller peers that we do follow. Can you talk about how you think about that asset operationally? And then also how you think about how and what your disclosure process will be heading forward?
Stephen Chazen: If we take the two U.S. assets, let's start with the Permian, which in some ways is easiest. I think last year, we gave you a notion of how much additional was recoverable with the CO2 flooding process. The drilling in the smaller opportunities, there's a fair amount of potential there, but it's sort of hard for us to quantify in a meaningful way. We're not going to provide individual well data like some companies do. So I think the potential in the Permian is very sizable. But we did provide last year how much additional CO2 flooding potential we thought there was, and we think that's probably a fairly conservative outlook. We switch to California, as the shale drilling program accelerates this year, it would be fairly obvious, we think, of what the potential there is. We've got I think I said 500 shale locations. We don't think that the description of them is materially different from what we gave you in May, and that is roughly how much is recoverable per well as the initial rates and the costs. So I think we have at least 500. That's a very small percentage of our acreage. So I think the potential there will become pretty obvious as the year progresses, we start getting permits and start getting our production up. The permitting process in California is fairly complicated once we leave the main field areas. So it may take a little longer than I would like, for sure, but I think it will be pretty obvious when you look at production going forward. I think you'll see some pretty decent results as the year progresses.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And then as I do think about the Permian, kind of operationally, kind of core competencies and skill sets required to run a large CO2 flood versus running a larger primary program. Can you talk about how you operationally run that? And then any details around activity, more on the primary side, as far as are you accelerating activity with the increased CapEx on more of the primary smaller opportunities there?
Stephen Chazen: Almost all the increase is in primary drilling. The numbers we're showing is a percentage, you can multiply the percentage out. Almost all the increase is on primary drilling. The capital in the CO2 program is very modest because almost all capital is just CO2. I mean, these are fields that are just increasing basically their flood size. So the increase is overwhelmingly in what you would describe as primary drilling. We have a lot of acreage available, several in the area. We've acquired some new areas or additional areas next to what we had. I think you'll see a pretty sizable impact of that as the year progresses, but it is overwhelmed, really, by the size of the CO2 flooding opportunity, which is billions of barrels as supposed to hundreds of millions of barrels.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And then just kind of bigger picture and not trying to replace you, but have had a question about succession planning and thoughts at Oxy. Can you talk about, kind of Board level, and what the thoughts are around management and...
Stephen Chazen: I think we'd let the Chairman of the Board discuss at the Board level.
Ray Irani: What is your specific question?
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Basically, as we go through the transition, people ask who's behind Steve, and just wanted to understand the Board level thoughts there.
Ray Irani: Well, Steve will take over as CEO at the May meeting of this year. I will continue as Executive Chairman, and we do have other people behind Steve. But let's have Steve take over first, and we can also be looking at replacements. We have a bench, but we think we can execute our plans with our current manpower.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Steve, can you just help me a bit with some of the volume outlook that you gave me and the effect of California? I think that you said that you would expect your volumes to be around 740,000 to 750,000 in Q1 and 725,000 of sales.
Stephen Chazen: Right.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: But obviously, that would be negatively impacted by the loss of Argentina?
Stephen Chazen: No, we've already done that.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, so that's all out?
Stephen Chazen: Yes, right.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: I think what you said was by second half you would expect volumes -- second half of 2011, you would expect volumes to be back in line with the volume outlook presented at the May Analyst Meeting, which the top line on that was like 837,000, but then there was a base CAGR of 6%. Should we think of it like as a percentage line or how should we work that out?
Stephen Chazen: It's hard to say. The variance is built of our demonstrated inability to predict all that well. So somewhere in that range. But I think that run rate adjusted for the price. You got to take out the oil price change. Last year was $175. So you got to adjust the production down for the product price. And so you should look for a run rate in the back half of the year for the company that looks like that. Argentina was 40-some thousand a day, net, or 48,000 or something like that. But we basically replaced that with the other stuff.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: So the net difference is zero, let's say, and then...
Stephen Chazen: That is around zero, except for the noise in the first quarter of the handoff.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: But then, essentially, what we're looking for is, allowing for the change in price, around a 6% growth rate being achieved by the second half of the year?
Stephen Chazen: I think that's right. Argentina is out of the numbers I've given, but -- and the new acquisitions are in it. And roughly speaking, they're a push, once everybody's -- you got a full quarter. The first quarter's a little noisy. Second quarter may be a little noisy, but by the last two quarters, we should be back in line at that rate.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just on Slide 7, at a very kind of simplistic level, if I look at your Oil and Gas segment earnings, they're down from Q4 '09 to Q4 '10 despite, whatever it is, a $10 increase in the oil price and the increased volume. Can you just talk a little bit about what's going on there and some of the...
Stephen Chazen: I think two major factors: one, some of this employee expense got rolled into that; and second -- it's not really operating costs. Second is the mix, the mix is a little gassier.
Edward Lowe: Paul, the slide you're referring to as well includes the impairment charges because this reflects on a reported basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Steve, just to follow up on the California shale comments you made. I think you said about 107 wells outside of Elk Hills proper in the shale. How many rigs do you need to do that? Do you have them? And where do you stand on completion crews and the fracture stimulation side of things?
William Albrecht: Yes, we're planning to run about 12 rigs drilling exclusively shale wells. And that's in all of California, not just on Elk Hills proper.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And do you have the 12 now or do you still need to procure some?
William Albrecht: No, we have the 12 right now.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And how about completion crews?
William Albrecht: Well, a lot of these shale completions are acidized as opposed to fracturing, and we're in pretty good shape on our acid.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So this is a situation where, as you drill the wells -- the production should show up as you drill the wells?
William Albrecht: Yes, we shouldn't have a large inventory of wells waiting on completion due to a shortage of services.
Stephen Chazen: We're running along pretty well right now. We're tracking the first three weeks of the month, we're right on. We gave you a number here for number of wells drilled. The locations are permitted, and the rigs are in place and the completion crews are in place. Except for a rainstorm or something like that, it's unlikely that there's much downside to this.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And in the Analyst Meeting, you gave a range of 400,000 to 700,000 BOEs per well. If you take 500,000 BOEs a well times 100 wells, that's 0.5 billion barrels a year of opportunity. From a reserve booking standpoint, is that how we should think about it or is there some lag because you got to see production over time? And that's obviously just one year's drilling.
Stephen Chazen: No, I think the way you should look at it is that, once you start a development program and you drill a few wells, the rest are pretty much by analogy. You don't get enormous variation on average. So in theory, you could book a lot of PUDs. We tend to be light on PUDs. I think this past year, we're about 25% PUDs as a company. So booking a lot of PUDs is not something we do an enormous amount of. But we do book PUDs because a lot of these are very similar to each other, so a statistical approach gives you a pretty conservative result. We are working on, our costs are coming down as it's repeatability, and the completion techniques are improving, so I'm pretty optimistic that we'll do pretty good. But as far as the booking goes, we'll book on a pretty conservative basis, but we are booking some PUDs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then the last question, on California. It looks like, at least relative to the 520, a decent number is within the Kern County discovery area as a shale opportunity. Is that all still within that broad range of economics you provided at the Analyst Meeting or is the Kern County Discovery Area --
Stephen Chazen: Yes.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It is. Will Iraq be accretive to earnings when you actually sell the oil in the first or second quarter of this year?
Stephen Chazen: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Terreson of ISI Group.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: In E&P, the growth outlook clearly appears to be improving with the new ventures, but, Steve, my question, regards to potential for return enhancement between better performance on the base, some of the divestitures that I think Ray talked about, and/or investment, some of the new ventures that were discussed. How do you envision normalized returns changing over the next several years related to some of these mechanisms? And which do you consider to be the most important for better returns?
Stephen Chazen: Well, we'll start with the fact, of course, Argentina, which I said hadn't made money in four years. So without a lot of effort, I can improve returns.
Ray Irani: The 40,000 barrels per day making no profit.
Stephen Chazen: That was a fairly easy thing for us to compute. The only drag on the base I think, the rest of the base ought to be improving. A little higher gas prices, doesn't need a lot. And a more aggressive, California outcomes should generate very high returns on invested capital. And as that accelerates, we should be doing pretty good. Same thing in the Permian. The CO2, remember, CO2 doesn't really cost any additional capital. And so the returns ought to improve there, and that's really a big number. The only downside is we're going to invest the money in the Shah field. And so that investment will show up as investment and no production for four years. So it will be a drag. But I think the rest of it will easily overcome that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Merrill Lynch.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: The first one in California. Steve, you did mention this in one of your answers to the other questions, but just to be clear, I mean, the 520 locations that you've de-risked so far, approximately what are we talking about in terms of de-risked acreage on your 1.6 million acres?
Stephen Chazen: It wouldn't be material.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So less than 10%?
Stephen Chazen: Oh, for sure.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So you take your rig count up. You treble it, by the looks of things, from the start to the end of 2010. Where do you think that trajectory gets to? I mean, are you still building rigs, not just in California, but across the lower 48? Can you just give some sense in this high oil price environment, which I'm guessing you didn't plan for, how that might play into your opportunities in terms of activity levels?
Stephen Chazen: On California, I think that once we get real clarity on the permitting, this thing will accelerate rapidly. There's no reason, except right around the Kern County Discovery Area, why we can't put more rigs to work. We just don't have the permits to drill the wells. And so once we get clarity on that in the back half of the year, it'd be a fairly sizable increase in the rig count. In the Permian, I think, we're doing okay. We may accel -- as the production starts to build and we get more confidence in some of these smaller primary wells, we'll probably build that up by a couple more rigs. So the answer to your question is as the year progresses, if it does what we hope, then the number of rigs will continue to build until we would expect, as we exit this year to be about -- a year from now, to be at a much higher rig rate than we are now. I can't tell you exactly when because California, we're still pretty much constrained by the permitting process.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So I'm trying to reconcile the two, Steve, I'm sorry to belabor the point. So basically we've got 12 rigs running, I think is what Bill said before, and 520 locations. So let's assume you double the rig count in California. How much running room do you really believe that you have there in terms of the shale drilling program?
Stephen Chazen: The 520 is a small percentage of the total that we actually have. If you count our contingent locations and those sorts of things, right now we're triple this or something.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: The final one from me is just going back on the production guidance. The numbers you gave in May were high due north of 800,000 barrels a day as an average for this year, netting out Argentina, adding back the acquisitions. Can you just help us a little bit with if -- what you're trying to tell us with your guidance for the second half. What would you ideally be looking at in terms of an exit rate, if you like, for the end of 2011, if that's a number you could provide?
Stephen Chazen: I don't really think of it that way. I think the simplest way to look at it is to say that the exit rate for this year will easily lead to next year's number -- the following year's numbers, the 2012 numbers we've given.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So the 2012 guidance is still...
Stephen Chazen: That's right. We may have to redo it a little bit and raise it, but other than that, if you just look at the 2012 guidance, assume the Argentinian and the acquisitions are a wash just for this purpose. When you get through, I think you're -- so your run rate as you enter sort of December next year will lead you to the following year's numbers we've given you.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Adjusted for oil prices?
Stephen Chazen: Adjusted for oil prices, right. Hopefully, they continue to go up. So that would be all right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Philip Dodge of Tuohy Brothers.
Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company: It looks like your U.S. gas production increased quarter to quarter in the fourth quarter even though California was down. So if that's correct, can you fill us in on where some of the increases were taking place?
Stephen Chazen: We'll let Bill answer that way. He was looking at his tables here. I could guess, but we'll let Bill answer it for real.
William Albrecht: One of the things to point to again is increased primary drilling in the Permian. As you know, a big part of our program in the Permian on a primary basis is in the Wolfberry. And you get a lot of associated gas production with those Wolfberry barrels. And you also, in terms of California shales, about 60% of the production on a typical shale well is going to be gas. And those are the two primary areas where we're focusing on in terms of primary development.
Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company: Next, could you bring us up-to-date on the expansion of the processing capacity in the discovery area in Kern River, both gross and net?
Stephen Chazen: The plant's been ordered and we would expect it to be on in the first quarter of next year.
Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company: So no change?
Stephen Chazen: No change.
Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company: Then finally, as a detail, in Iraq, can you give us the gross production number for Zubair that goes along with the 11,000 barrels a day net?
Stephen Chazen: I can't.
Ray Irani: We expect the exit rate for Iraq in 2011, the exit rate, to be over 300,000 barrels a day.
Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company: Then we just relate your ownership to that number, and we're pretty far along.
Stephen Chazen: Well, it's hard -- it's more complicated than you might thing.
Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company: Can you say how much of that will be cost recovery oil?
Stephen Chazen: The cost recovery percentage is 50% of the excess over the base. So let's say it was -- let's say, I think the base is 100.
Ray Irani: The base was 180,000 barrels a day.
Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company: Cost is 50% over that. And you're over that now obviously so...
Stephen Chazen: Right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Of the 107 shale wells outside of Elk Hills that you guys plan to drill, are those all vertical wells or is there any horizontal wells planned in that program?
Stephen Chazen: Bill can answer that.
William Albrecht: Yes, these are predominantly going to be vertical wells, although we do have a few horizontals tossed in. But predominantly, they're going to be verticals.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, and then as you step out into these other areas, is there sufficient infrastructure to move these volumes to market?
Stephen Chazen: That's why we're assuring that as we go.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: So you're building the infrastructure out as you go along in this program?
Stephen Chazen: Or attaching to existing infrastructure. That's part of the process of making sure these are the numbers we can deliver.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: On the permitting side, when you file a permit, how long does it take to -- you file a permit outside the traditional areas where you've been drilling before, how long does it take to get that drilling permit once you filed?
Stephen Chazen: That's a more complicated question than you probably want the answer to. It depends. You have to file a permit for your facilities and a permit to drill the well, if you're outside of field. And so it varies based on the air quality board and those sorts of people. It's been running right now significantly longer than historical, but that's probably because we've given them so many more permits to look at. It just depends. It's very, very difficult to give a rule of thumb because it just depends. But you do have, you can think of it as two separate permitting processes, one for the facilities, which would include a tank battery review of this facility.
Ray Irani: On a positive note, the new Governor of California and his administration really want to focus on accelerating job creation, and they do understand that, as they speed up our permitting program, as well as other things they could do, this could lead to new jobs. So they are focused on trying to be helpful. But as Steve said, it's not something you push a button, it happens. Many of these permits have been applied for already, and others would be continuing to be applied for. But there is an interest in Sacramento to speed up the permitting process. We'll see what happens, but at least the intention is very much by the Governor and his staff to be helpful.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Is there a manpower issue in the permitting process in these offices?
Ray Irani: No, it's just paying attention. Look, you're dealing with the government of the State of California. And I think as the Governor and his people direct speed-up in some of this, I think we'll get some results.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: And then one last question on the Shah gas project. Will the CapEx kind of be ratable over the next four years? Or will we see more upfront or more towards the back end?
Ray Irani: More towards the back end of the four years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pavel of Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates: Just a quick housekeeping item on the Bakken. How many rigs do you guys plan to run in 2011?
William Albrecht: Right now, Pavel, we're running seven rigs in total, and we plan to ramp that to 12 by the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Herrlin of Societe Generale.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Steve, what's the average completed well cost estimate for the California wells?
Stephen Chazen: Shale wells?
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Yes, exactly.
Stephen Chazen: We're right around $4 million, drilled, completed and hooked up.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: In terms of your CapEx budget for this year, how much would you consider conventional, how much unconventional, since you're getting into the Bakken and shales and all that?
Stephen Chazen: Bakken is going to be small in the total. We show you I think in the slide there, the small percentage for that. And the rest is -- California, maybe half of California, maybe a little more than half. A lot of the drilling on Elk Hills is shale wells, which is why we've excluded it from this.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: With respect to the acquisition market, you're still going to have a fair amount of free cash in the current environment. What are you seeing in the marketplace?
Stephen Chazen: Well, right now our tummy is fairly full. So we may -- if there's some tuck-in acquisitions or something like that we can do, but right now, we're focused on delivering this year against our very sizable backlog of activity. I'm not saying we wouldn't buy anything, but it's got to be something that doesn't stretch the organization.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: On the services cost front, any issues with escalation in some of the areas you're working in? Or is everything pretty much manageable for you?
William Albrecht: Yes, John, this is Bill. I think things are manageable. I mean we're starting to see a little bit of cost pressure on the workover rig side on the Permian, but that's really the only place that we're seeing any kind of current cost pressure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Marr of Citizens Trust.
Steve Marr: Speaking about your finances overall for this year, as input costs, what are you folks using for the price for a barrel of oil for 2011?
Stephen Chazen: We generally don't provide outlooks for what we think, but, obviously, oil's sitting between $85 and $90. So it's got to be something like that because we're not going to forecast something radically different than that for this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert of Simmons & Company.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: You talked about with the Shah gas field development, you provided gas processing volumes and production gas volume expectations. Could you talk about associated condensate and NGLs? Are those volumes...
Stephen Chazen: I think we've provided that too.
Ray Irani: We said that the gross number is 50,000 barrels a day, and our share will be 20,000.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sven Oposo [ph] of IHS Herold.
Unidentified Analyst: A quick question just on macro natural gas in the Ruby pipeline, is that on schedule to still start up in the spring? And what's your view of its effect on your overall gas price in California?
Stephen Chazen: We don't. We market our own gas here in California. California gas prices have been strong recently, above NYMEX. I think California gas prices will stay fairly strong.
Unidentified Analyst: And regarding the unconventional development program, is most of that on -- it's already on your vast acreage position. So I'm trying to assess what political risk might be? I mean is it just less because you're not going out and leasing new areas so the State Lands Commission can't come in and really tell you what to do? Offshore, maybe that's more of a risk, but onshore, I'm just wondering if you could give me a global statement regarding political risk of development of the unconventional resource base?
Stephen Chazen: I don't think it's -- most of the acreage is in parts of the state which are away from the coast and in areas that are basically oil and gas-producing areas. So it's not really a particularly great risk where we operate. If you're talking about the frac fluids and stuff, we don't think that's an issue where we are.
Ray Irani: Very low risk.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from Joe Stewart of KeyBanc Capital.
Joseph Stewart: Can you talk about potentially testing horizontal targets in the Permian basin, please?
William Albrecht: Yes, Joe, we're currently drilling a number of Bone Springs locations, deeper Bone Springs, which, as you know, is just below the Avalon Shale. And we're testing those with horizontals and seeing some pretty encouraging results.
Joseph Stewart: So you're just testing the Bone Springs. Any other formations at this point?
William Albrecht: With horizontals?
Joseph Stewart: Correct.
William Albrecht: We also have scheduled to drill several deeper Devonian locations and test those with horizontals as well.
Joseph Stewart: And any chance you could tell us how many Bone Springs wells you're planning to drill in 2011?
William Albrecht: Yes, it's a small number. I'd say less than 10.
Stephen Chazen: He's answering for our operated interest, not for how many wells we have an interest in. We have interests in almost all the wells in the area from our acreage position, so he's answering for what his operations are going to do. I think we're done now.
Christopher Stavros: If there's any further questions, please call us here in New York. Thanks very much for joining us today
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-19 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Ray Irani - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
 : Bill Albrecht - Vice President; President of Oxy Oil and Gas, USA Sandy Lowe - Vice President; President of Oxy Oil and Gas - International Production Christopher Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts : David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Jason Gammel - Macquarie Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch Kate Minear  JPMorgan Philip Dodge  Tuohy Brothers John Herrlin  Societe Generale Monroe Helm  Barrow Hanley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum third quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Stavros, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Stavros: Thank you Christie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Occidental Petroleum's third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Chazen, our President and Chief Operating Officer, Bill Albrecht, President of Oxys U.S. Oil and Gas Operations, and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas business. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Dr. Irani for some opening remarks and comments regarding the new management structure weve announced recently. Steve Chazen will then review our third quarter and year-to-date 2010 financial and operating results. Our third quarter earnings press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedules and the conference call presentation slides, which refer to Steve's remarks, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Irani. Dr. Irani, please go ahead.
Ray Irani: Thank you Chris, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Im very enthusiastic about the new management structure we announced last week. Both for myself and for Oxy. The new structure will assure Oxy of continue of a winning team both in terms of our experience and effective management, and in terms of our emphasis on a highly successful business strategy. To recap the new structure, I informed the Board of Directors for my desire to delinquish the position of Chief Executive Officer effective at the May 2011 annual meeting of stockholders, and to continue as full time Executive Chairman. I recommended to the board that Steve Chazen replaced me as CEO, the board agreed with this new structure. Steve, he is a proven leader, he has been inner group member of our Senior Management team for many years. Steve Joined Oxy in 1994, as an Executive VP Corporate Development. Became Chief Financial Officer in 1999, President in 2007 and Chief Operating Officer earlier this year. He was also elected to the Board of Directors in 2010. He has made and will continue to make significant contribution to Occidentals ongoing success and development. This is a carefully developed and long anticipated senior management transition. Steve and I have had an extra ordinary productive partnership for many years. Clearly maintaining this partnership is in the best interest of Oxy and the stockholders. And I look forward to continuing this partnership in future years. Nearly 20 years as I have been CEO our management team has transformed Oxy from a conglomerates of unrelated business entities with the market capitalization of $5 billion into the fourth largest oil and gas company in the United States with the market capitalization today of $67 billion. Oxy has lead its proxy peer group in total stockholder return. With cumulative returns of 76% over the past three years, 204% over the past five years and 870% over the past 10 years. Im very proud of these accomplishments. Our management team is strong and cohesive and would be ready willing enabled under this new structure to take Oxy to new heights and performance and excellence. Ill now turn the call over to Steve Chazen for the details on our third quarter performance.
Stephen Chazen: Thank you Ray. Net income was $1.2 billion or $1.46 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2010 compared to $927 million or $1.14 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2009. In complementing the operations of $1.47 per diluted share in the third quarter this year, compared to $1.14 per diluted share in third quarter of last year. Here is the second breakdown for the third quarter. Oil and gas third quarter 2010 segment earnings were $1.7 billion compared to $1.5 billion of third quarter last year. Improvement in 2010 was driven mostly by higher commodity prices additional contributions from higher volumes. Realize curd oil prices increased 13% in 2010; domestic natural gas prices improved 38% in third quarter of 2009. Partially offsetting these gains were higher DD&A rates and higher operating expenses, partly resulting from fully expensing CO2 cost in 2010. Production for the third quarter of 2010, were 751,000 BOE a day, 6.5% increase compared to 705,000 BOE a day the third quarter of 2009. Mostly year-over-year production increases came from Middle East, North Africa with smaller increases in Argentina and United States. The world wide oil and gas sales volume for the third quarter 2010 were 749,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. An increase of over 6.5% compared with the 702,000 BOE a day in the third quarter of last year. Sales volume differs from production volumes do mainly to the timing of lifting in Argentina. Exploration expenses $83 million in the quarter. Oil and gas cash production cost excluding production and property taxes were $10.25 a barrel for the first nine months of 2010. Last years 12 months cost were $9.37 a barrel. The nine month increase reflects a $0.35 a barrel higher CO2 cost due to our decision to expense 100% of injected CO2 getting in 2010, and higher field support operations, work overs and maintains cost. The higher domestic work over activities mostly in the Permian. Taxes other than  on income were $1.76 per barrel for the nine months of 2010, compared to a $1.60 per barrel for all 2009. These costs which are sensitive to product prices reflect the effect of higher crude oil and natural gas prices in 2010. Chemical segment earnings for the third quarter 2010 were $189 million, compared with $108 million in the second quarter of 2010. Third quarter results reflect improvement for the second quarter in 2010, both volumes and margins across most product lines. Export markets; have improved more rapidly than domestic markets, due and part to favorable feedstock cost in North America versus Europe and Asia. Midstream segment earnings for the third quarter 2010 were $163 million compared to $77 million in the third quarter of 2009. The increase in earnings was mainly due to trading and marketing income and higher margins in the pipeline business. The world wide effective tax rate was 41% for the third quarter of 2010 thats now turned over performance for the first nine months of this year. The net income was $3.3 billion or $4.07 per diluted share for the first nine months of 2010 compared with $2 billion or $2.43 per diluted share, the first nine months in 2009. Core income was $3.3 billion or $4.09 per diluted share for the first nine months of this year. Here with $2 billion or $2.48 per diluted share for the year-to-date 2009 period. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the nine months of 2009 were $812.4 million and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were at $813.8 million. Our debt-to-cap ratio was at 7% at the end of the third quarter. Capital spending for the third quarter of 2010 was about $1 billion and $2.8 billion for the first nine months. Year-to-date capital expenditures by segment were 82% in oil and gas, 13% in midstream with remainder in Chemicals. Cash flow from operations for the first nine months of 2010 was $6.6 billion. We used $2.8 billion of the company's cash flow to fund capital expenditures, $1.6 billion on acquisitions and $340 million on foreign contracts. These investing cash flow uses amounted to $4.7 billion. We also used $850 million to pay dividends, and $310 million to retire debt. These and other net cash flows increased to $1.2 billion cash balance at the end of last year by $900 million to $2.1 billion at September 30. The first nine months free cash flow after capital spending and dividends before acquisition activity and debt retirements was about $3.1 billion. Our acquisition costs for third quarter were $1.1 billion and we expect to spend about $300 million at the first part of the fourth quarter. With these acquisitions, we expect to add about 10,000 BOE a day an average production in the fourth quarter. These acquisitions have a run rate of about 12, 000 BOE a day. Of this production about a third will be liquids and the balance will be natural gas. Over the medium-term we expect these acquisitions to add at least 25,000 BOE a day of production. This increase will come largely from oil production. In addition to these acquisitions, we expect to add an additional 380, 000 acres to our California acreage position and interest in 100, 000 acres in other producing areas. Our California acreage will now reach 1.6 million acres and overwhelming portion of which consistent mineral interest. We currently dont contemplate anymore-sizable acquisitions of acreage in California. The total year capital expending is expected to be about $4.4 billion. The capital expending rate will increase in the fourth quarter of the year largely in our domestic operation in Iraq. Beginning of the year we were running 11 development rigs in California and five rigs in the Permian. We are currently running 16 rigs in California and nine in the Permian and expect our year end exit rate; rig count reached 19 rigs in California and 14 in the Permian. Next year we anticipate working 21 rigs in California and 15 rigs in the Permian. In the current environment were cautious about natural gas drilling and may reevaluate our 2011, US natural gas drilling program. In the Permian, we are currently running 94 work-over rigs compared with the 57 rigs we had at the beginning of the year. We are currently expect to be operating a 110 rigs by the end of this year. Of course in the work-over expenditures are expense as supposed to be in capitalized depending on their nature. Our operating cost have recently increased due to higher work over activity to $10.94 per barrel in the third quarter of 2010 and further increases are expected in the fourth quarter. As we look ahead in the current quarter we expect oil and gas production and sales volumes to be in the range of 760,000 to 770,000 BOE a day at third quarter average oil prices. Volume increases in the fourth quarter are expected to come from California, Oman's Mukhaizna field and the acquisitions. Increase in oil prices of $5 a barrel from the third quarter 2010 levels result in about 4,000 BOE a day of lower production, due to the impact of higher prices effecting our production sharing in similar contracts. Based on the development plan at the Zubair field in Iraq, we believe that we should have a small amount of production in the fourth quarter. We do not expect to report any sales in Iraq until the first quarter of 2011. Field development plan is on target across to lead next years production targets. Regard the prices, at current market prices, $1 per barrel change in oil prices impacts quarterly earning before income taxes by about $39 million. Average third quarter WTI oil price was $76.20 per barrel. For gas its going at $0.50 cents per million BTUs in domestic gas prices is a $27 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes. Approximately the current NYMEX gas prices under $3.90 per MCF. Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $110 million for seismic and drilling for exploration programs. Chemical segment expect to provide earnings for the quarter of about $100 million to $120 million. The fourth quarter is usually the weakest for the business, expected continued margin improvement were offset by the typical seasonal slow down in the housing and construction leads in fertilizer markets. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the fourth quarter to be about 41%, by the third quarter US and foreign tax rates are included in our supplemented schedules. Eccentric plant in the Permian has just started operations and providing additional CO2 to support growth in our Permian Operations. We expect that the plan we yield about 180 million cubic feet a day CO2 next year to support our Permian EOR operations. We are in the process of contracting additional CO2 from other sources and we use penalty payments due from the operator for underproductions for these activities. We expect to have sufficient CO2 to meet our  the needs of our previously disclosed expansion of flooding activities. Turning now to California. During the first nine months of the year, we drilled seven conventional exploration extension wells in California. Of these, five were outside the Kern County discovery area; two of these wells are currently being tested. We also drilled 12 unconventional exploration wells in the first nine months of this year, of which three are successful and five are being tested. In the fourth quarter, we expect to drill ten exploration wells of which two will be conventional, the remaining eight wells unconventional. In the fourth quarter, our exploration program will target smaller prospects until permits are obtained to the larger ones. Weve also drilled 13 conventional exploitation wells in the Kern County discovery area and 15 unconventional exploitation wells California in the first nine months. Due to delays in permitting weve reduced our exploitation plans in the second half of the year by about 10 wells. We are continuing to have problems with our gas processing and gathering infrastructure at Elk Hills. As a result we expect our gas related NGL production to be about flat in the fourth quarter. We have ordered and commenced construction of the first new processing plant and well order the second plant shortly. Once complete the new processing plants, well increase productive capacity, improve yields, enhance net backs and lower operating costs. We are also working actively to optimize and debottleneck our existing facility to improve performance. Additionally, we are shifting our drilling to oil wells, which we expect will result in higher oil production in the fourth quarter. Copies of the press release announcing our third quarter earnings and investor relations supplemental schedules are available at our website or through the SECs Edgar system. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, (Operator Instructions).
Operator: And your first question comes from David Heikkinen of Tudor Pickering.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering: Good morning Steve.
Stephen Chazen: Good morning.
David Heikkinen  Tudor Pikering: Just a quick question and you think about the acquisitions in the quarter and then the medium-term run rate of adding 25,000 barrels of oil a day, can you talk about what the medium-term is and how that incorporates into your multi-year production targets that you detailed at your Analyst Day?
Stephen Chazen: Sure, medium-term is three years or less. So it will fall clearly within the plan. As we look at where we are right this minute, its slightly it will slow up our gas drilling in the Rockies in next year. And so we view this is sort of an offset for that if thats what turns out gas prices are higher we will spend more money. But if weI think thats the way I think about this we were shifting to an oilier base on the medium-term as long as we have these not for attractive natural gas prices.
David Heikkinen  Tudor Pikering: And then as you think about  you mentioned that youll  youd be buying CO2 or and using I guess fertility payments for that. Can you give us an idea of what the purchase price of CO2 on a per Mcf basis today just so I can start thinking about high sold out volumes and all that
Stephen Chazen: Bill can answer that better than I can.
William Albrecht : Yeah David, normally were contracting for CO2 at anywhere between a $1 and a $1.15 per Mcf. And of course we also have the option to travel up our drilling in the Oxy owned Phibro dont deals, which is up in Northeastern Mexico.
David Heikkinen  Tudor Pikering: So if I think about that CO2 volume is still on track. So the acceleration in rig activity is more primary production in the Permian any particular regions that youre increasing rig count would be helpful.
Stephen Chazen: Yeah David, one of the regions is in the Wolfberry Trend, where we currently have a couple of rigs working and you could probably see some throttle up there particular
David Heikkinen  Tudor Pikering:
 :
Stephen Chazen: No, we are not drilling horizontal wells yet.
David Heikkinen  Tudor Pikering: All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Kessler of Simmons & Company.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company : Good morning gentlemen.
Stephen Chazen: Good morning.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company : Can I ask to put a range around your 2011 CapEx this point? It seems like you got a number of offsetting factors you mentioned you are prudent caution with respect to natural gas prices the ramp up in activity in California and the Permian. And they kind of setting the conservatism on gas, your pie charts in the analyst meeting with 10 million pie, a pretty good uptake next year somewhere in the order the $5.5 billion to $6 billion in CapEx versus this years $4.5 billion. Qualitatively it seems you might be on the lower end of that  to that range. Is that the right way to think about it or can we put something around next years capital program at this point?
Stephen Chazen:
 :
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company : How do you think about your exploitation CapEx for 2011 in California as you continue to have problems with the gas processing plant? Whats the risk that you have incrementally more CapEx since sort of stranded temporarily while you wait on the additional processing capacity and why not taper back a look of this since youre not really at risk of losing this acreage next year if you dont drill it up more aggressively?
Stephen Chazen: Yes, we are shifting the more oil production. And so, we think well be okay. But we are sort of not going to drill wells to shut them in for. So, well just see where we are as the year progresses. But we are being cautious about not just the capacity, but not very exciting natural gas prices.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company : Got you. And then a quick point of clarification for me. I think Bill responded to Davids question about CO2 incremental acquisition cost of $1 or $1.15 per Mcf I assume thats the gross cost and can you remind us what the net would be after subtracting the fee for non-delivery of gas?
Stephen Chazen: It depends on how much they non-deliver, but the extent thats span making up for shortfalls is $0.25.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company : Gotcha. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: Hi thanks. If I could have a specific one on acquisitions and then a more general one? Could you talk a little bit more about the locations of the acquisitions you made in the course of the, I guess, the gas oil split would indicate that they are slightly off to a usual beaten track?
William Albrecht : The bulk of the acquisitions are in the Permian and they may show up partially in the Midcontinent gas unit, because theyre in the New Mexico type part of the Permian which is gas here. So  and when we actually break them out since a part of the Permian is carried in the Midcontinent gas unit. So when we actually show the numbers youll see Permian maybe oilier natural gas and Midcontinent gas up a little bit. So, the split maybe off, but the overwhelming majority is in the Permian.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I got you. And the by extension that most of the step out acquisitions that you might be doing, or enhance the Marcellus or whatever.
Stephen Chazen: No. We did a small acquisition in, I think, Ive told you the story, but we had a small interest in Bakken, 25% interest. The sellers wanted to monetize it. So we looked the numbers and bought them out and that will show up also in the Midcontinent unit. But thats pretty small in the total.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Great, and then if I could extend that into the wider question, if Im not wrong, the volume targets that you set at the Analyst Meeting was  ex disposals ex acquisitions. I know there has been a lot of moving parts here obviously with California and other stuff, but do we need to reach that the  the target outlook allowing for despite, I guess we didnt meet the full year target here without the acquisitions or can you resituate the numbers that we had at the Analyst Meeting for future growth ex acquisitions?
Stephen Chazen: I think the big change is that the gas price hasnt met so far and what  but we hope for  or wed be at this point. So, I would view the acquisitions as a replacement for the gas production that we are probably not going to get next year from the Rockies. So I think well  I think next years guidance is probably pretty good.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Right, so without the acquisitions we can still assume that youll meet that 6.2  base that you talked about within that 
Stephen Chazen: Thats what were looking for and right now we dont have a reason to change that. But I would caution about the gas in the Rockies is the only place where doing the little seasick rate has.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, how much of the step down could we  could you have sustained value how much is it risk you feel like?
Stephen Chazen: I dont know, but we have two rigs running currently and we have planned to go to double that next year and I dont think well do that. So its whatever growth weve shown there I think is probably at certainly some risk and so I think the  from my perspective acquisitions are like drilling money, lose the money around and I think the acquisitions will cover that.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Right.
Stephen Chazen: But in a different way.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then finally to California performance, is that a simple math that we can do in terms of the number of rigs running relative to the production and kind of spin that forward, are there any pitfalls that youd warn us against in terms of making that math to how
Stephen Chazen: I dont  there is no simple math, because Ive been unsuccessful in doing the simple math, so even complicated math is difficult. It just depends on how fast they get the wells down and where they drill them and how they get the permits. So and when where they get them. So, I wouldnt  right now Im being fairly cautious about in our outlooking process. Yeah. I was just being conscious about our outlooking process right now. Im always hopeful that theyll do better, but right now, well stay with fairly cautious for you of this in the short-term.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: But we could expect an acceleration in permitting or?
Stephen Chazen: Yeah, eventually the permits come through. Its just a matter of when I think were probably little optimistic about  or I mean we are lot of optimistic about how fast we get them.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Right, okay thanks and Let me congratulate Ray and Bill for the management changes and success for the past.
Stephen Chazen: Thank you.
William Albrecht: Ill show too.
Operator: And your next question comes from Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Sorry if I missed it in all the previous CO2 two questions. But how does the penalty compared to your purchase price of CO2 if it does
Stephen Chazen: Well, we said that for the purchased gas were running $1.10 $1.15 area and the penalty payment is $0.25 would be something this.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Yes, got it. You mentioned the new processing capacity in California, where do you see that, I assume youd want to sell into it, taking your volume, your ability to produce volumes out there too?
Stephen Chazen: Yeah, but basically of what it brings back on the track, on track for what we said wed be in California.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thanks, and then just on the Bakken comment. Should we take this as your entry into the play? And what to expand or its the test case well see where you go with it?
Stephen Chazen: It started as an experiment and the experiment worked by chance using experiments payoffs. And so and the price we got- we paid for the other three quarters was attractive. So well drill wells out. We can enter cheaply; we will certainly not an area where were heavily focused.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you very much.
Stephen Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Gammel of Macquarie.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie: Thanks very much and I would extend my congratulations to Dr Irani and to Steve. I had a couple of questions on California. First of all, the acreage thats being added pretty big swat of acreage. I was wondering if you could comment on how such a large amount of acreage is still being pulled together? Is there is private companies, public companies that are selling or is this essentially organic leasing with landholders?
Stephen Chazen: Not leasing.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie: Okay. And then also, just on some of the comments you made about volumes, increase in overall California volumes, but flat natural gas and NGO volumes. I was trying to reconcile how you could be increasing the oil volumes associated to gas just being able to actually re-inject at Elk Hills or something along those lines?
Stephen Chazen: No, I mean, some of the wells are oil wells, legitimate oil wells. And so the amount of gas thats produced is relatively small in the total. And so, I said flattish. So, thats what I would look for given the outlook right now is were actually are drilling real oil wells, not condensate wells.
Jason Gammel  Macquarie: Okay. Thank you. Thats how, Im trying to reach too much in the semantics there.
Stephen Chazen: Youre trying to be too clever.
Jason Gammel  Macquarie: Im rarely accused of being too clever. And a final question, if I could. Youve mentioned the seven conventional exploration wells that youve drilled in California. Would you be, and to obviously testing, but would you be able to comment on how many of the wells that youve drilled so far would be, youd be able to classify as either successful or unsuccessful?
Stephen Chazen: About a third of the wells are successful, of exploration.
Jason Gammel  Macquarie: Okay. Thats terrific. Thanks very much Steve.
Stephen Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Thanks fellows, good morning. And congratulations to both of you guys. I look forward to working more with you in the future. A couple of questions Steve, please. On the increase in the rigs, can you help us understand a little bit, what exactly its going after here on these incremental rigs particularly in California? Is this particularly is getting some attention now, and if so, can you give us a little bit more color, please, on revising back what you said in your conference about, what the kind of IP rates were indicatively well they can [Inaudible] that kind of good stuff. Basically, what are we looking at in terms of shale drilling activity as we look forward?
Stephen Chazen: No, this is clearly a step up in shale drilling activities in the numbers, with pretty sizable increase. The rest of it is, there is sort of stuff we have planned with the shale drilling has picked up and the wells are still running, 300, 400 a day on average, some a lot higher. So, I would go 300 to 400 barrels a day sort of, for a while.
Douglas Leggate - Merrill Lynch: And thats looking 30 days IP type of indicative?
Stephen Chazen: Its a 30 day, or maybe a little longer. Its not an IP number. IP numbers a little misleading.
Douglas Leggate - Merrill Lynch: Okay. We are looking for improvement on this because clearly, if youre drilling these thing, Im guessing 20, 25 days, because the radicals that are not mistaken.
Stephen Chazen: Yes, about a month.
Douglas Leggate - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So basically, youre drilling campaign on this, should I assume maybe 10 of these rigs have been and drilling in the shales looking to step up?
Stephen Chazen: A little less than that probably.
Douglas Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Okay. So in that, were looking a totally substantial acceleration on that program. So, basically, what did you have taken to your guidance when you gave your strategy presentation in May, by way of rig programs compared to what youre not telling us?
Stephen Chazen: May be a little more and what we are now telling you than we told you in May, there will be couple more rigs.
Douglas Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Okay, and this ship is over to oil, rather than gas as you said.
Stephen Chazen: Thats right.
Douglas Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Okay, got it thank you. Just jump into exploration very quickly you said one in three was your success rate, but again at the start of your presentation you said youre going to drill 30 exploration wells starting next year and I guess its kind of like a third of third of third between the different types of play, the big places and the bread-and-butter we call them. How many of the wells youve drilled this year are in not big category versus the bread-and-butter was it?
Stephen Chazen: No, big once.
Douglas Leggate  Merrill Lynch: So, that is also 1 million to 10 million small targets.
Stephen Chazen: Yeah, theyre small targets, smaller targets.
Douglas Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Okay and I guess the final thing would be [Inaudible] gas plant. Can you give a little more specific on that the new plants of 2012 starts up but I found this land with the gas gathering system has been a problem. Can you be a little bit more specific as to what the issues are being what you are doing about it and what the current status in the early part of Q4 and Ill leave it there, thanks?
Stephen Chazen: We dont really are able to predict this is not an all excited so our goal is to get everything working as we try to run the plant there is some problems in the gathering system traditional well. And we are working on strategy we can make that better [Audio Gap]. Basically, more the old plant had it was on the curtail essentially and this plant is done incrementally so if you are the top one in this plant its the only way to get output for three years on the 12, its the only way to get two times. So, the plant is a lot steeper its more difficult to achieve than the old one.
Douglas Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Okay, I just wanted to double check. Thanks a lot.
Stephen Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kate Minear with JPMorgan.
Kate Minear  JPMorgan: Hi, good morning gentlemen.
Stephen Chazen: Good morning.
Kate Minear  JPMorgan: Just a question regarding your decision not to pursue additional sizable acquisitions in California, is this just an issue of portfolio balance or have you exhausted the more lucrative acreage options or prices to offer is this a combination of multiple factor?
Stephen Chazen: What we said was no more acreage acquisition, not production acquisitions to make the distinction clear. There really isnt any sizeable acreage to acquire.
Kate Minear  JPMorgan: Okay.
Stephen Chazen: Theyre pretty much done.
Kate Minear  JPMorgan: Okay, great. And then just in terms of your CapEx for the fourth quarter, it looks like here we spending about $1.6 billion, how much of that is related to activity in your newly acquired acreage, or your newly acquired, your asset acquisition?
Stephen Chazen: You know very small number.
Kate Minear  JPMorgan: Okay. Alright, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Philip Dodge of Tuohy Brothers.
Philip Dodge  Tuohy Brothers: Yes, thank you. If Ive done the arathametic correctly, your recent acquisitions, it sounds like about 50 million feet a day is natural gas and my question is where you intentionally buying natural gas or did you have to accept some natural gas to get the oil that you wanted?
Stephen Chazen: We view all things as sort of money, not whether its natural gas or oil. And if you could buy natural, in our view, if you could buy natural gas that essentially -- present or based on current prices, we wouldnt do, thats an unattractive thing to do. You got to pay $6  baked into what we view that is sort of unattractive. So, buying gas at the current market discounted, basically sort of $4 discounted for present ore, we dont view as an unattractive thing to do. We produce a fair amount of gas and oil, not a pure oil company. And discussing the Permian and then lot of opportunities we think in the Permian for gas, where big processor gas in the basin. So, we prefer to buy oil for real cheap, but if we can buy gas cheap well do that too in our operating areas.
Philip Dodge  Tuohy Brothers: Other question unrelated, I want to understand the permitting in California, I believe you said that there is more delay in permitting on the large prospects and on the small prospects. Is that just chance or is there?
Stephen Chazen: No, its not chance, we are the large one are locate it.
Philip Dodge  Tuohy Brothers: Which based on the more complicated process, is that correct?
Stephen Chazen: Which makes it longer, its an area maybe that hadnt been drilled before. And so it takes longer to get the permits.
Philip Dodge  Tuohy Brothers: Okay, thank you sir.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) And your next question comes from John Herrlin of Societe Generale.
John Herrlin  Societe Generale: Yeah, hi Steve.
Stephen Chazen: Hi John. How are you?
John Herrlin  Societe Generale: For the shales that youre participating for your well care in California your attracting number that natural have.
Stephen Chazen: John they are partly [ph] stimulated
John Herrlin  Societe Generale: Okay.
Stephen Chazen: As said, the one or the other.
John Herrlin  Societe Generale: Okay, thats fine.
Christopher Stavros: Not the, dont get confuse its not, we are talking about small fracs jobs not the multi phase fracs. They are traditionally--
John Herrlin  Societe Generale: And you commented that you didnt want to transfer all the cash flow to the series of company --
Christopher Stavros: And I think with this kind of frac-ing we are not transferring the gas to the service company.
John Herrlin  Societe Generale: Okay, thats fine. Regarding the acquisitions market you guys are generating a lot of free cash, what are you saying obviously you have passed on some integrated packages, is it still small privates you are targeting or youre pretty much up for anything?
Christopher Stavros: We are always open for anything if the price is appropriate.
John Herrlin  Societe Generale: Okay.
Christopher Stavros: Anything with [Inaudible]
John Herrlin  Societe Generale: Last one from me, you are carrying about 50% to 100% less pods than your peers. Do you think you could penalize perhaps for being too conservative with regards to reserve booking?
Christopher Stavros: I dont know we booked the reserves deliberately conservatively because thats what the rules require and in the end it all works out and we dont see were, whatever the right politically correct phrase for booking it would be with -- is a sensible procedure for us.
John Herrlin  Societe Generale: Okay, thank you.
Christopher Stavros: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the David Heikkinen of Tudor, Pickering.
David Heikkinen  Tudor, Pickering: Ive a follow-up on your unconventional drilling in some of the moderate shale in California her comment and understanding that there is a least amount watered introduction how do you handle water disposal and kind of permitting process for that, as you think about ramping activity and are there any bottlenecks in that system that we have to think about heading in the next year, and the year after.
Stephen Chazen: Yeah, David I mean, youre right. We dispose of all water from this production, be a disposal wells and we have a good many of those on the most of we drill here in 2011, traditionally permitting is not been a problem although I think it is, its fair to say it is slow down some.
David Heikkinen  Tudor, Pickering: Of course you think about 300 or 400 barrels a day well what type of water rates are you actually seeing?
Stephen Chazen: Generally 1000 to 1500 barrels a day, once the load is recovered and production is stabilized.
David Heikkinen  Tudor, Pickering: And thanks. Thats what I needed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Monroe Helm of Barrow Hanley.
Monroe Helm  Barrow Hanley: Congratulations on the restructuring. I just had a quick question; can you give us a sense of how the cost of the barrels in the acreage required relates to what your traditional finding cost should be in the similar areas?
Stephen Chazen: Well the future finding cost can be a lot less than our historic numbers, because we sort of paid for the production on front. So I think it will be very comparable were done, maybe a little less than what we have been doing.
Monroe Helm  Barrow Hanley: Okay, thanks.
Stephen Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Are there any closing remarks?
Christopher Stavros: Thank you very much for joining us today. And if you any further questions, feel free to please call us in need. Thanks again for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations Edward Lowe - Vice President and President of Oxy Oil and Gas -International Production Stephen Chazen - President, Chief Financial Officer and Director
Analysts: David Neuhauser - Livermore Partners Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc. Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Stavros, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Stavros: Thanks, Christie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Occidental Petroleum's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Chairman and CEO; Steve Chazen, our President and CFO; Bill Albrecht, President of Occidental's U.S. Oil and Gas Operations; and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas business.  Our second quarter earnings press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedule and the conference call presentation slides, which refer to Steve's Chazen's commentary can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'm now going to turn the call over to Steve who will review our second quarter and first half 2010 financial and operating results. Steve, please go ahead.
Stephen Chazen: Thank you, Chris. Net income was $1.1 billion or $1.31 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2010, compared to $682 million or $0.84 per diluted share in the second quarter of last year. Here's the segment breakdown for the second quarter.  Oil and Gas second quarter 2010 segment earnings were $1.9 billion, compared to $1.1 billion for the second quarter of 2009. The improvement in 2010 was driven mostly by higher commodity prices, with additional contributions from higher volumes. Realized crude oil prices increased 36% in 2010, and domestic natural gas prices improved 46% in the second quarter of 2009. Partially offsetting these gains were higher DD&A rates and higher operating expenses, partly resulting from fully expensing CO2 costs in 2010. Worldwide Oil and Gas production for the second quarter of 2010 was 743,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of 3.5% compared to 717,000 BOE a day in the second quarter of last year. Second quarter of 2010 production was lower than our guidance due primarily to shortfalls in California and adjustments resulting from the mechanics of production sharing contracts in the Middle East. Our production in California continues to be affected by the gas plants' and related infrastructure's inability to process oil and gas that could be produced. Also, this affects the liquids that are associated with this production. Year-over-year production was negatively impacted by 29,000 BOE a day in the Middle East/North Africa, Long Beach and Colombia, as a result of higher oil prices affecting our production sharing and similar contracts. Second quarter 2010 production includes volumes in Bahrain of 3,000 barrels of oil and 161 million cubic feet of gas, and 16,000 BOE a day higher volumes in the Mukhaizna field of Oman. Our domestic operations added 11,000 BOE. Volume gains in the Kern County discovery area were moderated by production declines in Elk Hills, which was caused by gas gathering and processing issues.  Exploration expense was $73 million in the quarter. Oil and Gas cash production costs, excluding production and property taxes, were $9.90 a barrel for the first six months of 2010. The second quarter 2010 per barrel production costs were slightly lower than this figure. Last year's 12-month costs were $9.37 per barrel. The increase reflects $0.30 a barrel higher CO2 costs due to our decision to expense 100% of injected CO2 beginning in 2010 and somewhat higher field support operations and maintenance costs.  Taxes, other than on income, were $1.80 a barrel for the first six months of 2010, compared to $1.60 per barrel for all of 2009. These costs, which are sensitive to product prices, reflect the effect of the higher crude and gas prices this year. Chemical segment earnings for the second quarter of 2010 were $108 million. Second quarter results reflect improvement from the first quarter in 2010 in margins and volumes across most product lines.  Midstream segment earnings for the second quarter of 2010 were $13 million, compared to $63 million last year. The decrease in earnings was mainly due to a pre-tax $104 million, $0.07 per share after taxes, loss at Phibro, the bulk of which resulted from marking its quarter end open positions to market. This was partially offset by higher margins in the marketing, gas processing and pipeline business. The worldwide effective tax rate was 43% for the second quarter of 2010.  Now let us turn briefly to our first six months results. The net income was $2.1 billion or $2.61 per diluted share for the first six months of 2010, compared to $1.1 billion or $1.29 per diluted share for the first six months of 2009. Capital spending for the second quarter of 2010 was about $865 million and $1.7 billion for the first six months.  Year-to-date capital expenditures by segment were 81% in Oil and Gas, 13% Midstream and the rest in Chemicals. Our total year capital expenditures is estimated to be about $4.5 billion. The capital spending rate will increase in the second half of the year largely from Iraq, Bahrain and California.  Cash flow from operations for the first six months of 2010 was $4.3 billion. We used $1.7 billion of the company's cash flow to fund capital expenditures, $460 million on acquisitions and $300 million on foreign contracts. These investing cash flow uses amounted to $2.5 billion. We also used $540 million to pay dividends, and $300 million to retire debt. These and other net cash flows increased our $1.2 billion cash balance at the end of last year by $1.1 billion to $2.3 billion at June 30. The first six months' free cash flow, after capital spending and dividends but before acquisition activity and debt retirements, was about $2.1 billion. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the six months of 2010 were $812.3 million, and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding was $813.7 million. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 8% at the end of the second quarter.  As we look ahead to the current quarter, we expect Oil and Gas production and sales volumes to be in the range of 750 to 760 [million] BOE a day at about current oil prices. Volume increases in the third quarter are expected to come from California, Oman's Mukhaizna field and Dolphin.  With regard to prices, at current market prices, $1 per barrel change in oil prices impacts Oil and Gas quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $37 million. The average second quarter WTI oil price was $78.03 per barrel. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices have a $30 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes. The current NYMEX gas price is around $4.80 an MCF. Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $90 million for seismic and drilling for our exploration programs.  For the Chemical segment, modest volume and margin improvement is expected over second quarter levels for chlor-alkali and vinyl products. The Chemical segment is expected to provide earnings for the third quarter of about $125 million. While the domestic market continues to be lackluster, export volumes are up about 13% compared to 2009. Chlorine exports are averaging about 42% of total production. We have successfully renegotiated and extended our hydrocarbon concessions in the Santa Cruz province of Argentina, increasing our oil and gas reserves from 129 million barrels to 202 million barrels. The current quarter DD&A expense reflects the resulting decrease in the DD&A rate.  We have recently renegotiated a number of asset acquisitions in the Oil and Gas business that in aggregate would be about $1.5 billion. We expect these acquisitions are mainly from private individuals, largely in the gassier parts of the Permian basin where there've been several much more expensive deals recently announced.  When the acquisitions are concluded, they will add to production mostly in the Midcontinent business unit, which include these parts of the Permian basin. Virtually all of the improvement in the production rate will be in subsequent years. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the third quarter to be about 42%. Our second quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in our supplemental schedules. During the first half of the year, we drilled six conventional exploration and extension wells in California. Of these, five were outside of the Kern County discovery area. Two of these new areas are currently being tested. In the second half of the year, we are planning to drill two conventional exploration wells in the Kern County discovery area and one exploration well outside this area. We also drilled seven unconventional exploration wells in the first half of the year, of which two were successful and two were being tested. We plan to drill 15 additional unconventional exploration wells in the second half.  In addition, we have drilled 10 conventional exploitation wells in the Kern County discovery area in the first half of the year, and plan to drill 23 more in the second half. We've also drilled 10 unconventional exploitation wells in California in the first half, with 25 more expected to be drilled in the second half of the year.  This skid-mounted gas processing plant came online at the end of the second quarter. The existing main processing plant related to infrastructure continue to have operating issues, which are constraining Elk Hills' production. We are in the process of upgrading the infrastructure to alleviate these issues until a new gas plant comes online. We believe these upgrades will be in place by the end of the third quarter. Construction in the new gas plant has started and is expected to come online in early 2012. Copies of the press release announcing our earnings and the supplemental schedules are available on our website at www.oxy.com, or through SEC's EDGAR system. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Phibro appears to have been really accounting for the bulk of at least the mass compared to what the Street was expecting. For a company which is generally quite conservative and having that kind of volatility in earnings, can you speak to what is the danger of us overreacting to this versus what is your intentions in terms of perhaps trying to manage that risk a little tighter?
Stephen Chazen: Yes, we've reduced the amount of their exposure and reduced the bar, if you will, in hopes of reducing the volatility. Some of that was -- he buys long-term contracts and some of it's simply just mark-to-market, but some of it was realized to -- you can't say that his trading results in the quarter were anything but lousy.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: The other one I have is it really relates to acquisitions. You've talked about $1.5 billion. Just to be clear, I assume that means there's no current production with these assets...
Stephen Chazen: No, I didn't say that. No.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So what is the production associated with those assets?
Stephen Chazen: We haven't said because we haven't signed it, completed the deals. But there's some current production -- if I fair lease, compared to the whole business, not a sizable amount. But certainly, in the Permian, a fair size amount.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Well, I guess what I was driving right here was we're starting to hear about Occidental perhaps getting involved in structured acquisitions overtime and place it right in the Marcellus and perhaps the Montney shales. Could you maybe offer some color as to what you're thought process there and likely scale and maybe timing of overseas getting involved in those areas?
Stephen Chazen: We have a modest position in the Marcellus, which we had for a while. And compared to the size of the Enterprise, fairly small, and it's out of the way some and we're basically on the edges of the play. And we'll just see how it evolves over time, but compared to the size of the Enterprise, fairly small, a fairly small total I would expect. We'll see how the drilling progresses over the next year or so, there to see what we want to do.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: CapEx was a bit light. I'm just curious as to how that plays into volume as it relates to cost recovery because I'm wondering if that's one of the reasons your guidance was a little light.
Stephen Chazen: Some of the adjustments in the production sharing contracts are result of not quite spending in quite as quickly and therefore, not putting into cost recovery as quick and that's at least some of it. The bulk of it was that they really didn't get at -- I'm not talking about foreign -- didn't get at the drilling in the second quarter at the pace that we had planned. And so it's a little more back-end loaded, so the wells come on pretty quickly. So some of it was related to production sharing contract capital effects and some of it was related to domestically not getting a drilling done as quickly as one might have hoped.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: And so nothing terminal in here you're concerned about?
Stephen Chazen: I'm always concerned. You shouldn't view that we're not concerned, but I think ultimately, is the work itself out is a matter of timing and I think a little more focus on short-term results are needed.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Heikkinen of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: As I think about your analyst day and providing the primary and secondary opportunity in the Permian versus these acquisitions, can you talk about how will you update the number of locations and kind of that inventory, or will you give us some idea of what you think about the inventory of what you're buying given that you haven't closed any of those deals?
Stephen Chazen: Yes, we'll provide aggregate numbers after the things are closed. And I haven't talk about each acquisition because these are private individuals, and these aren't public companies selling or something like that. These are private individuals who just may not want their neighbors to know they're rich. So I think we'll provide aggregate numbers rather than what each one did. But the mix is, if you look at them in aggregate and compare to some of the announced deals, these are more reasonably priced.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: And the comment in the gassier parts of the Permian, does that also imply kind of more liquids rich or...
Stephen Chazen: They look like the deals that have been announced recently in the mix of around half gas, around a quarter NGLs, which are related to the gas and around a quarter of oil.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: And then shifting over to California exploration and kind of the combination of conventional and unconventional tests. As you think about -- remember some horizontal drilling plans and some testing of horizontals in the conventional side, can you give us any update on that activity?
Stephen Chazen: Bill, do you want to do that?
William Albrecht: David, we have two horizontals planned in and around the Kern County discovery area, have those planned to be drilled and down before the end of the year, testing some of the tighter parts of that particular structure.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: So those are still towards the back half of the year?
William Albrecht: They are.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: And then as you think about the five drills outside the discovery area, you kind of broke down the types of prospects that you're drilling at your analyst day. Can you talk about that distribution of -- or categorize those five within the bucket that you described at your analyst day of what types of prospects those are?
Stephen Chazen: I think I broke them down between conventional and unconventional.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: I was meaning more specifically, kind of getting into the details of -- you had the larger concepts down to the smaller concepts?
Stephen Chazen: Well, the concepts always start large, it's just sometimes they turn out small.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, fair enough. Not going to get the high potential versus discovery type?
Stephen Chazen: No, we're shooting for the high potential ones, but sometimes when you drill them, they turn out to be a lot smaller. So the plan is that they're high potential but how they turn out we'll see as the year progresses. If we find something sizable, we'll tell you about it.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: And then just back on the envelope on your acquisitions, a 10% added to your Permian basin production in the acquisition side, is that a reasonable type plus or minus a couple of percentage?
Stephen Chazen: If you give us two or three years, yes. But buying production, upfront production, is generally the most expensive way to acquire because it sort of easy to measure. So we try to buy some production, but we also try to buy drilling potential because the returns are a lot better. Now if you pay 10 times current EBITDA for something, the way some people have, it's very hard to make the numbers work. The returns have to come from the development drilling or wherever you want. So the assets here are a mix of some current production, but a fairly sizable backlog of future drilling which will add to the numbers.
Operator: Next, from Robert Kessler of Simmons & Co.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Any chance I could ask you for, given the volatility in Phibro earnings this quarter, for the net book value at quarter end and confirm that it's essentially a long-only book?
Stephen Chazen: It's essentially a long-only book. As far as -- he didn't shorten anything. But initially in the beginning of the second quarter, he had some -- he used a past basket of stocks and ETF or something like that to track oil prices. And for obvious reasons, the stocks didn't track the oil prices too well, for the stocks that were in the ETF some kind of accident somewhere. And so he sort of backed out of that. But the book is -- our net investments is somewhere or under $200 million at this point. The management there owns a tracking instrument in this, so relative to his net worth, even though it's relatively sizable, he is feeling the pain disproportionately.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: All right. Okay. Well, thanks for giving some order of magnitude on the net exposure then going forward. In California, the risk of sort of splitting hairs quarter-to-quarter when you're in the midst of working out some kinks on Midstream and adding the capacity, any guidance on the degree of uplift in California outlook, in California production and 3Q versus 2Q?
Stephen Chazen: We're expecting to go up from the third to the second. Some of the things are already sort of worked out as we go into this month. But I'm loathe to predict though the exact number because the old gas plant that work real good for a couple hours and then it won't work so good. And we've had a lot of problem getting it to work the way we would like it to.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: So maybe excusing the unexpected hiccups in the old oil plant, the new skid-mounted plant you expect to ramp up to full capacity fairly quickly or has it already?
Stephen Chazen: It's essentially there now.
Operator: The next question comes from Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Steve, just a follow-up on some of the language on the conventional California exploration. Of the I guess five wells drilled outside of the Kern County discovery, which two are testing, just to be clear, those are -- I realize they're outside of the Kern County discovery area, but are they completely different in sort of objectives and targets.
Stephen Chazen: Yes
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then the two that you'll be drilling in the second half within the discovery area, those are also separate prospects or they could be part of the existing discovery?
Stephen Chazen: Well, we hope that they're an extension, but they could be separate. It looks like they're separate, but one can hope that it just makes the whole. I think they're -- you could call them either exploration or exploitation depending on your choice of words.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And any update on how some of the oiler drilling within the Kern County discovery area has been going?
Stephen Chazen: Bill?
William Albrecht: Yes, Arjun, it's going just fine. We're continuing to drill bread-and-butter oil wells in the discovery area. These are generally shallower shales, and those wells are anywhere from 200 to 300 barrel a day kind of wells on average.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: If I missed in your remarks, I can read the transcript, but any comments on Colombia production, which has been trending down here a little bit?
Stephen Chazen: Some of it's a production sharing contract where we put a new -- we got a new deal starting this year, so some of it's production sharing contract. But some of it is the Cao Limn field, which is in probably its last decade or so.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just lastly, any update on Iraq and spending there this year?
Stephen Chazen: Sandy?
Edward Lowe: Yes, our rehabilitation plan has been improved, and we're moving ahead with drilling completions, work overs. The Minister of Petroleum and his ministry have expedited the approval of bringing in new rigs, and we're going to be remediating some of the facilities to get the production up to the 10% target increase for this year.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Do you have a CapEx in Iraq for this year for you all?
Edward Lowe: It's uncertain, but it's -- because the schedule is not exactly nailed down, but it's in the order of $100 million or so.
Stephen Chazen: Probably in the fourth quarter.
Edward Lowe: It is back-end loaded.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Did you break out, forgive me if I missed this, but you mentioned that 2Q production was lower than guidance. Did you split how much is California and how much was PSCs in the Middle East?
Stephen Chazen: We actually didn't because when I estimated the guidance, I started with a different number that I gave you, I started with essentially a higher number. So I can't really tell you how much was this and how much is that. I think for the PSC effects, we lost 8,000 to 10,000 BOE a day.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And that's the Middle East in PSCs, not the California ones obviously?
Stephen Chazen: No, the California one are pretty small. These are really not caused by the price as much as just a contract -- a re-calculation of our cost pools.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And again, I'm not sure if you mentioned in response to an earlier question, but have the infrastructure issues had a knock-on impact on the activity levels, which obviously you are ramping up quite aggressively? But I was just wondering if there was effectively a knock-on slowdown that occurs because of the problems you're having with the infrastructure?
Stephen Chazen: We're planning that the infrastructure is going to be fixed, and therefore, the drilling will move forward.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Right. So you're just continuing to drill. Does that mean you're going to have essentially stranded production until the infrastructure is fixed, or how will that work out?
Stephen Chazen: No. The hope is and the belief is that, that won't happen; that the infrastructure will be fixed but it's possibly we have to shut in production for short periods of time and that's where we are now effectively.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: A just to follow up on Iraq. There was some word that you might be pursuing further opportunities there in the relatively short term. Is there anything more to say about that beyond what you've already said?
Stephen Chazen: I think it's in the very early stages if any thing happens.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Neuhauser of Livermore Partners.
David Neuhauser - Livermore Partners: With price being relatively stable now in this band of $60 to $80, what's the biggest issue here as far as how you're going to ramp up production growth going forward? Is that the biggest hurdle?
Stephen Chazen: Product price?
David Neuhauser - Livermore Partners: Production, with the price being stable, are you focusing more in production and looking for growth there? Is that going to come more so from organic, or are you still focused on some areas of acquisition?
Stephen Chazen: The company's always followed a balance approach. You buy stuff when you can buy it at a reasonable price, and when you can't, you can't. So we have plenty of financial flexibility. But most of the growth will come from organically over the next few years. You might pick up something, but it's pretty hard to tell.
David Neuhauser - Livermore Partners: Is the difficulty just like -- is it valuation, that valuation is still relatively pretty high? I mean, we're seeing some sort of carve out of some assets of some other companies. And does that potentially present an opportunity, or you're really still focused on sort of the smaller private players?
Stephen Chazen: We're focused on generating value for the shareholders. If you do a dilutive to value deal, you're going to destroy value. And somebody else may have different stock with different kinds of value in it. So if you pay 10x EBITDA for production, you have a high hurdle to generate future growth in order to pay for that kind of acquisition. If you pay 50% more than the next guy is willing to pay for some asset, you probably have an added value to the company unless you have some special insight. So we look for opportunities where there's some reason why we can have a competitive advantage. Some of it we have in the Permian because of the cost and such. But the purpose of the exercise in an acquisition is to make the company better, not worse. So we're not trying to dumb down the company. We're trying to strengthen the business.
David Neuhauser - Livermore Partners: But with some of the private companies that you're seeing using better value as far as the multiple, as far as what you're willing to pay, you're seeing those with the smaller?
Stephen Chazen: That's right. Sometimes it works the other way where the large deals are better, and sometimes it works the other way. For example, in the ARCO Permian assets, we bought out of ARCO Permian over the last seven or eight years two packages out of there, basically, buying out virtually all of the true oil out of the packages. So what's left is sort of the residual after it's been picked over. Nothing wrong with properties, but the price paid was the full price.
David Neuhauser - Livermore Partners: And my last question really is more on looking at -- more of a macro question, looking into 2011, potentially even 2012. I mean, again, price being stable, if it stays in this band, what are some of the biggest challenges for a company like Oxy here?
Stephen Chazen: Efficiently spending our capital. Remember that while we're pretty oily, that there's a fairly sizable gas component, whatever it is, $4 and change, we would hope that the price of gas would be less stable and more up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from John Herrlin [ph] of Socit Gnrale.
Unidentified Analyst: With respect to your unconventional drilling, could you characterize what worked and what didn't work? Is this a primary symmetric feature, a di-generic or can you just tell us what you found so far?
Stephen Chazen: I think generally, we're looking for natural fractures that are there, and we're trying to define a technique to figure it out before we drill the well. And sometimes it works okay and some times it doesn't. It's a fundamental truth that the natural frac-ing process got us cheaper than Halliburton. And so our natural frac -- we're looking for the flow from natural fractures, and we're kind of figuring out what the amount of acreage we have. We should have plenty of opportunities to find that rather than spending a boat load of money to do a high -- a large scale frac. We'll probably try some large-scale front because there's a lot of pay here, but the goal in the unconventional is to find areas with natural fracturing so it's more economical to produce. We'll always come back and try something more exotic later.
Unidentified Analyst: What's the orientation of the beds, and also are you looking at say crests of folds, things like that to get more fracture?
Stephen Chazen: We're looking for things around the fields that have been flexed, cleverly figuring if the flexed or there might be some fracturing.
Unidentified Analyst: What's reasonably priced? What's your definition of reasonably priced given the recent transaction prices?
Stephen Chazen: It's accretive to the company's value.
Unidentified Analyst: You won't specify? That's fine. Anything going on in the Hugoton with respect to the oil drilling?
Stephen Chazen: Hugoton oil drilling, Bill?
William Albrecht: Yes, John. We got two rigs running, drilling mainly these higher rate of return oil opportunities as opposed to the traditional shallow gas that you generally seen in the past in the Hugoton. But we've got a two-rig program going there, and we expect to continue that throughout the rest of this year.
Unidentified Analyst: With respect to acquisitions, you've already opined a little bit of that, Steve. What about Argentina? Would you want more there since there's acreage available and production available?
Stephen Chazen: We'll be cautious in Argentina I think is the best way to say it.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'll turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Christopher Stavros: Thanks, very much for dialing in. If there's no further questions, please feel free to give us a call here in New York. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Ray Irani - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Christopher Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations Stephen Chazen - President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum First Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Stavros, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Stavros: Thank you, Christie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to Occidental Petroleum's First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. With us this morning from Los Angeles are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Chairman and CEO; Steve Chazen, our President and CFO; Bill Albrecht, President of Oxy's U.S. Oil and Gas operations; and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas business. In just a moment, I'll turn the call over to Dr. Irani who will give you an early glimpse of some of the topics we're planning to address at our upcoming Analyst Meeting on May 19 in New York. Steve Chazen will then review our first quarter 2010 financial and operating results.  Our first quarter earnings press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedules and the conference call presentation slides, which referred to Steve's remarks, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Dr. Irani. Dr. Irani, please go ahead.
Ray Irani: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As Steve Chazen will provide details on our financial results for the first quarter in a moment. But I want to give you a brief preview of our meeting with all of you in the financial community in New York on May 19. Both Steve and I will present at the meeting, but so with four of our senior executives who are responsible for international oil and gas operations, U.S. oil and gas operations, the California oil and gas operations and also for the fourth addition, will be the worldwide exploration preview. We will give you details on development and numerous key areas of our operations, which we know are of keen interest to you. Among the areas we will cover at the May 19 meeting are: one, we will provide you a multi-year production outlook and build up from our asset base, which will provide considerable detail about the continued growth of the company. We will also outline significant and exciting new opportunities in California, including both conventional and unconventional prospects in the states. We would present details on our continuing growth and success in Oxy's existing Middle East production and also insights into new project potential, and we will provide you our anticipated capital spending program over the next five years. My colleagues and I look forward to meeting with you in three weeks to give you a thorough presentation on these and the numerous other outstanding growth areas of Oxy. I will now turn the call over to Steve Chazen for the details on our first quarter performance.
Stephen Chazen: Thank you, Ray. Net income was $1.1 billion or $1.31 for diluted share in the first quarter of 2010 compared to $368 million or $0.45 per diluted share the first quarter of last year. The first quarter of 2010 income from continuing operations and core income were $1.32 per diluted share. 2009 first quarter core income was $0.50 per diluted share.  For comparability purposes, all of our prior period volumes, as well as volume-based statistics, such as operating costs per barrel are being stated on a pretax basis as we previously discussed with you. Please see the Investor Relations supplemental schedule for the previous five year and the 2009 quarterly sales volumes presented on a pretax basis. Here's a segment breakdown for the first quarter: Oil and Gas first quarter 2010 core earnings were $1.8 billion compared to $553 million for the first quarter of 2009. The improvement in 2010 was driven by significantly higher commodity prices and higher volumes. Realized crude oil prices increased 83% in 2010 and domestic natural gas prices improved 59% from the first quarter of last year. Partially offsetting these gains were higher operating expenses, largely resulting from fully expensing CO2 cost in 2010, as well as higher DD&A rates and the effects of foreign exchange. The year-over-year production was negatively impact by a 38,000 BOE per day in the Middle East/North Africa, Long Beach and Colombia which were the result of the higher oil prices affecting our production sharing and similar contracts. Oil and Gas first quarter 2010 core earnings of $1.8 billion was essentially the same as the fourth quarter of 2009. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2009, the 2010 first quarter earnings reflected higher crude oil and natural gas prices, partially offset by increased DD&A rates, the effect of fully expensing CO2 cost in 2010, lower total volumes resulting from two fewer days in the first quarter of 2010 and the timing of liftings I will discuss shortly. Oxy's average realized crude price in 2010 first quarter of $71.88 per barrel, as increase of about 3 1/2% to from $69.39 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2009. Oxy's domestic average realized gas prices for the quarter was $5.62 per MCF compared with $4.37 per MCF for the fourth quarter of last year.  Worldwide Oil and Gas production for the first quarter of 2010 was 743,000 barrels equivalent per day, an increase of over 3 1/2% compared with 717,000 BOE in the fourth quarter of last year. Daily volumes increased in Bahrain by 2,000 barrels of oil and 126 million cubic feet of gas. Our domestic operations added 5,000 BOE, largely in the Kern County discovery area. Partially offsetting these increases were 4,000 BOE of lower volumes resulted in the Dolphin gas plant maintenance which were shut in for 50% of production for approximately two weeks.  Sales volumes in the first quarter of 2010 were 726,000 BOE a day compared to 722,000 BOE a day in the fourth quarter of last year. Sales volume were lower than the production volumes I just mentioned due to timing of liftings of 13,000 barrels of oil equivalent day in the Middle East/North Africa and Latin America, of which 11,000 BOE a day were in Libya. Please see the Investor Relations supplemental schedules for net sales volumes per day and the net production per day by asset. Exploration expense was $56 million in the quarter. Oil and Gas cash production cost, excluding production and property taxes, were $10.05 a barrel for the first quarter of 2010, compared to last year's 12-month cost of $9.37 a barrel. The increase reflects $0.32 a barrel, higher CO2 cost due to our decision to expense a 100% of CO2 injected in beginning of this year and higher field support operations and maintenance cost.  Taxes, other than on income, were $1.82 a barrel for the first quarter of 2010, compared to $1.60 for all of 2009. These costs which are sensitive to product prices, reflect the effect of higher crude and natural gas prices.  As a result of the factors discussed above, the first quarter of 2010 compared to the fourth quarter of 2009 benefited by $174 million from higher prices, $43 million lower exploration expense, $62 million of lower cash operating cost and G&A expense. These gains were offset by the lower liftings of $102 million, effect of two fewer sales days of $77 million, higher DD&A rates of $69 million and a higher CO2 cost decision to expense of $25 million. Chemical segment earnings for the first quarter of 2010 were $30 million compared to $33 million fourth quarter of 2009. The first quarter of 2010 results reflect the continued weakness of domestic market, particularly in the housing and construction area sectors, and the significant margin erosion that was experienced through 2009 that carried into first quarter this year.  Midstream segment earnings for the first quarter of 2010 were $94 million compared to $81 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. The increase in earnings was due to improved margins in the Marketing and Trading business, partially offset by lower pipeline income from Dolphin resulted from the two-week partial shutdown of the gas plant for maintenance. Phibro's earnings for the first quarter of 2010 were not significant. The worldwide effective tax rate was 41% for the first quarter of 2010. Capital spending for the first quarter of 2010 was about $850 million, capital expenditures by segment were 80% in Oil and Gas, 15% in the Midstream, with the rest in Chemicals. The spending run rate will increase throughout the year as we ramp up in California, Bahrain and Iraq. Our total year forecast has been increased by $200 million to $4.5 billion. Cash flow from operations in the first quarter of 2010 was $2.2 billion. We used $850 million of the company's cash flow to fund capital expenditures, $250 million on largely Permian acquisitions -- in Midcontinent acquistions and $50 million on foreign contract commitments. These items amounted to $1.2 billion of cash use. We expect property acquisition activity to continue during this quarter as there are sizeable build up of opportunity. We also used $270 million to pay dividends and $225 million to retire debt. These and other net cash flows increased our $1.2 billion cash balance at the end of last year by $700 million to $1.9 billion at the end of the quarter.  The first quarter free cash flow after capital spending and dividends but before acquisition activity and debt retirements was about $1.1 billion. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for three months of 2010 were 812.1 million. The weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 813.5 million. As you look ahead in the current quarter, we expect Oil and Gas sales volumes to be in the range of 750,000 to 760,000 BOEs a day at about current prices, with production slightly above these levels. Production volume increased the second quarter expect to come from the following sources: domestically, the Kern County discovery area expected to show modest improvement during the second quarter. The production continues to be constrained by the lack of additional processing capacity. More significant increase are expected to occur late in the second quarter, when we add the skid amount of gas processing facilities.  We're continuing with drilling and completed a number of cells. We have sufficient completed wells to fill the entire capacity of the skid mounted processing facilities. Our oil production is also constrained by the lack of gas processing capacity, since these wells also produce natural gas.  The Midcontinent Gas region where we're currently drilling shallow oil wells is also expected to show production growth. In the Middle East, increases are expected in Oman, Mukhaizna field and in Dolphin. The first quarter plant maintenance downtime is not expected to repeat.  In Latin America, assuming no labor-related stoppages, increases are expected in Argentina, with the current run rate is about 2,000 BOE a day higher than the first quarter, which was negatively affected by a short strike. The Argentine provincial legislature passed enabling legislation in the first quarter that will allow 10-year extension for hydrocarbon extensions (sic) [concessions]. We are now negotiating specific contract terms of a 10-year extension of our concession. Regard to prices. The current market prices, $1 per barrel change in oil prices impacts Oil and Gas quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $36 million. The average first quarter WTI oil price was $78.71 per barrel.  A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices has a $31 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes. The current NYMEX gas price is around $4 per MCF. Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $80 million for seismic and drilling for our exploration programs.  The Chemical segment demand for caustic soda and vinyls is expected to continue to improve both in the United States and international markets. Improving caustic soda pricing and low natural gas price will contribute to margin improvement. The Chemical segment is expected to provide about $80 million of earnings in the second quarter. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the second quarter to be about 42% depending on the split between domestic and foreign sourced income.  Our first quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the Investor Relations supplemental schedule. Copies of the press release announcing our results and the schedules are available at our website, www.oxy.com or through the SEC's EDGAR System.  We will provide additional details on May 19 meeting with the financial community in New York City. We request that you limit your questions today, specifically, the quarter results as opposed to strategic matters such as Iraq, Bahrain and California operations, which will be discussed in detail at the meeting. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of David Heikkinen of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: As I think about one of your future sources for CO2 that has made a strategic shift towards more oil activity. Can you talk about any of the specific terms of your contract regarding deliverability? Any penalties around the deliverability that would be helpful for us?
Stephen Chazen: We're going to cover this really in a lot more detail in the May meeting, but there's a sizable penalty for failure to deliver if, for some reason, they don't deliver. But we currently anticipate that they'll make their early numbers based on what they told us. But there is a sizable penalty which would will allow us to buy new CO2 elsewhere at an attractive net price [ph] (25.23). There's been a lot of detail in May.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Just specifically on second quarter guidance and liftings, you mentioned growth in specific areas and no expected downtime. How much of the delayed liftings in first quarter come in to that second quarter number? And then how much volume would you expect to come in the third quarter?
Stephen Chazen: Actually what we said in the remarks was we expect that production will exceed sales again in the second quarter. The numbers I gave you are sales numbers, and we expect currently that production would be higher than that. So the answer to your question is, effectively none of the liftings will show up. Traditionally, what happens is that they lag just a little bit and it catches up by the fourth quarter. So it's just off a little bit, it seems like a lot, but it's just off a little bit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd of Morgan Stanley.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank: Just a quick question on cash flow. You obviously generated a lot of free cash flow this quarter, and I realized that the CapEx spend was going to be a bit more back-end loaded throughout the year. But as we look at commodity prices and we look at relative levels of free cash flow, I realized you bumped up your CapEx a little bit, but how can we expect you to think about your uses of cash in terms of more aggressive deployment of organic capital versus cash return to shareholders? And also the increase in CapEx, can you tell us were that in any particular area or it's just inflation across the board?
Stephen Chazen: We're not going to talk about the use of cash. I view it as strategic question as opposed to quarterly question, so we'll talk about the use of cash in much more detailed in May. But the first quarter tends to be very strong quarter for cash because there's no tax payments. So more tax payments in the second quarter, so it will be a little different. The $200 million of capital is largely going to California.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank: Is that a result of increase activity from what you originally anticipated, or is that just higher cost?
Stephen Chazen: No, that's increased activity.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Just on the tax rate, was there anything wacky or unusual other than your standard line, which obviously is a question of the mix between international and domestic, was there anything other that you would highlight as being particularly unusual about -- lower than guidance tax rate for the quarter?
Stephen Chazen: It's probably the most difficult number to estimate. We do the best that we can, but the tax department likes to always be a little more aggressive on what they think they're going to -- tax rate's going to be. What I think what happened was lesser liftings out of Qatar and Libya, made the tax rate appear a little lower, because those were high-tax rate areas.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: On kind of new flow in the quarter if you like, Conoco notably backed out of project that you had expressed interest in. Is there any change now to the way you're looking at that project? Obviously, I'm referring to an Abu Dhabi. And generally, Steve, any comments you could make about the M&A environment that we're seeing?
Ray Irani: Ray Irani here, we have consistently said over the next two years that the term of the contract that was negotiated between ConocoPhilips and Abu Dhabi, the terms, economically, are not attractive to us. However, if the government wishes to approach us with different terms, we'll look at them. Nobody has called us yet and that's our position. With regards to M&A activity, Steve has mentioned that yes, there's more stuff asset wise are becoming available and Steve will give you more detail. Steve?
Stephen Chazen: Yes, I think activity clearly has picked up and we're seeing a good flow of mostly Permian opportunities. And we expect to have a pretty good year for acquisitions in Permian.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, and just going back to the Abu Dhabi thing, would you expect the government to potentially pursue that project alone, or is that your understanding that they would...
Ray Irani: No, definitely. I was in Abu Dhabi recently. The government plans to proceed with that project either alone or inviting partners, but the project will go ahead.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Just back to the M&A question, much less internationally is that a function of just the nature of opportunities that will pursue internationally, or is that more to do with your own interest?
Stephen Chazen: It's just a flow from quarter-to-quarter, I don't think I'd read much in any of this. A lot of the individual sellers in the Permian as they fear is the rising tax rates, so we've seen a quite a flood of lot of small oil deals that people want to cash out before the tax rates go up.
Operator: Line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Steve, in Argentina, if I could just ask you for a little bit of clarification as to what's going on down there. Have you now actually got the extension on your contract then?
Stephen Chazen: Its a three-step process. You start with the government, the legislature passing a law, which enables the -- and the parameters of any extension. So there's a law which says these are the parameters of any extension. That's from the provincial legislature. The government of Argentina then negotiates with us about the detailed terms complying with underlying legislation, and that's where we are now. Then they'll have to submit the final contract to the legislature when that's all negotiated. So the answer to your question is we've made progress, although we have not crossed the finish line. That's ten years from when it expires and I think it expires in about three years, so talking about 13 more years of production on average.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So the ramifications if you got the extension, I'm guessing, you would have reasonably substantial reserve bookings and so on along with that, but it's too early to make that kind of assessment, or...
Stephen Chazen: That's right. I think we'll tell you the numbers in a few weeks, But clearly, you're going to have a significant amount of reserve bookings just from not cutting the decline curve of loss in three years, and a fairly sizable decline in the DD&A rate in Argentina.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: The jump in DD&A, anything specific there that you can point to?
Stephen Chazen: I think the two areas that are the major increases are, when we took the gas down, the amount of gas in the Piansu [ph], using the $4 gas that results in less gas reserves and a higher DD&A rate in the Rockies. And the second area is Argentina. We continue to expand in anticipation the contract being extended, but it hasn't been extended yet, and therefore, you boost your DD&A rate. The second one, once the contract extended, we'll clearly go down. And the first one, we hope goes down of the natural gas prices were to cooperate, which I guess they're not doing today.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can you quantify the loss opportunity cost from the under lift in the quarter?
Stephen Chazen: No, I really don't. I can't quantify it. It's a sizable number, though. On an after tax basis, you could probably take that number somewhere around $20 a barrel.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: You've given us end of quarter run rate or production rates out of Kern County discovery. Would you care to share what they were at then end of the first quarter?
Stephen Chazen: No, because we'll have some story here for two weeks from now.
Operator: Next question comes from Monroe Helm of Barrow, Hanley.
Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners: Why you are seeing these opportunities to buy more reserves in the Permian. And I guess, you said, especially because small operators are worried about tax rates going up?
Stephen Chazen: And royalty owners, too. Small working interest royalty owners, it's expected to really have a lot of small deals.
Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners: You may not want to say this, but can you tell us what the processing capacity was in California in the first quarter and we expect it to be when you get the additional capacity on?
William Albrecht: Monroe, our current infrastructure capacity at Elk Hills is $420 million a day, and the skewed amount of gas plants is name plated for an additional $90 million.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Are there any closing remarks?
Stephen Chazen: Thank you very much for dialing in today. And I'm in New York for any further questions, and we certainly look forward to seeing you in New York at our May 19 meeting. Thanks very much.
Ray Irani: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-29 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Chris Stavros - IR Dr. Ray Irani - Chairman & CEO Steve Chazen - President & CFO Sandy Lowe - President, International Oil and Gas Business 
Analysts: Doug Terreson - ISI Doug Leggate - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Michael Jacobs  Tudor Pickering Holt David Neuhauser - Livermore Partners Richard Glasebrook - Neuberger Berman Pavel - Raymond James David Wheeler - AllianceBernstein
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christi and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Stavros, you may begin your conference.
Chris Stavros: Thank you, Christi, and good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome you to Occidental Petroleum's fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. With us this morning from Los Angeles are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Chairman and CEO, Steve Chazen, our President and CFO, Bill Albrecht, President of Oxy's U.S. Oil and Gas operations, and Sandy Lowe, President of our international Oil and Gas Business. In just a moment, I will pass the call over to Dr. Irani who will discuss some of Oxy's achievements during 2009 and also highlight some of our key development projects going forward. Steve Chazen will review our fourth quarter and full year 2009 financial results, discuss some reporting changes that will take effect during 2010, as well as provide some insight on our expected capital program for this year. Our fourth quarter earnings press release Investor Relations supplemental schedules and the conference call presentation slides which refer to Steve's remarks can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Irani. Dr. Irani please go ahead.
Dr. Ray Irani: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. 2009 was an interesting year that tested strategic and execution capabilities across the United States oil and gas industry. We believe that Oxy passed last years test with an A plus. We achieved solid financial results in a very challenging environment. In a few minutes, Steve Chazen will provide details on our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2009. But first, I want to mention some highlights and key developments of the past year that we believe are integral to Oxys continued success in 2010 and beyond. Notably, in 2009 we were able to grow our worldwide production 7% year-over-year while not increasing our net debt to capitalization. This brought us to the highest annual production volume in our history 645,000 BOE per day net to Oxy. We expect a similar increase in oil and gas production both this year and next while continuing to focus on operational efficiency. Also noteworthy, during the next two weeks we will be announcing the official results, but also more importantly our 2009 production replacement. The results look very favorable. We expect to announce that the 2009 reserve replacement ratio is about 200%. In 2009 we maintained our A debt rating across all rating agencies. And we continued to build our pipeline of exciting opportunities, which gives us confidence that our production increases from continuing operations of about 5% to 8% annually over the last five years will again be an achievable target for the next five years. These results are attributable to consistent execution of our long-term financial strategy, as well as a successful companywide initiative to reduce costs. We aggressively managed our oil and gas production costs in 2009s volatile commodity price environment, reducing our oil and gas production costs per BOE by 15%, excluding production and property taxes. We ended the year with cash on hand of $1.2 billion, very little debt and one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. During the past 12 months, we capitalized on some key opportunities to strengthen our position and achieve further growth. In the United States, we announced a significant discovery of oil and gas reserves in Kern County, California, with initial estimated reserves of 150 million to 250 million gross barrels of oil equivalent. Steve will give you an update on its continued production growth in his upcoming comments. We also made numerous acquisitions of properties adjacent to our key operations in Texas and California, and expanded other areas of our core business. In the chemical segment, we acquired Dow Chemical Companys calcium chloride operations. Calcium chloride is a premium salt with a variety of beneficial applications, including ice control on roads and sidewalks. Our product line has an approximately 65% market share of the North American market. There were also significant, positive developments in our Middle East core operations. In Bahrain, we are partnering with Mubadala of Abu Dhabi on a project to redevelop the Bahrain oil and gas Field. Field operations began on December 1, 2009 and we expect to increase oil production from the Bahrain Field to about three times its current level of production, to reach 100,000 barrels of oil per day within seven years, and increase will be of course gradual overtime. And increase also gas production by more than 65% to approximately 2.5 billion cubic feet per day. It was announced in the fourth quarter that Oxy, partnering with a consortium led by Eni, was awarded a license for development of the Zubair Field in Iraq. Last Friday we announced the signing of the contract with the government of Iraq and we expect Zubair to reach production of approximately 1.2 million barrels a day within the next six years, thats up from the current level of approximately 200,000 barrels a day. Solid production growth also continued as a giant Mukhaizna oilfield in south-central Oman, where we have a major steam flood project for enhanced oil recovery. As of year-end 2009, gross daily production was over 10 times higher than the production rate in September 2005, when we took over operations at that time Oxy assumed the operation from another company. Looking ahead to our 2010 capital expenditures, we plan to increase CapEx approximately 19% from the $3.6 billion spent in 2009 to about $4.3 billion, for projects that will stimulate our continued growth while maintaining our targeted financial returns. Our 2009 results confirm that Oxy is very well positioned to succeed in the volatile business climate that has presented significant challenges to our industry and to the global economy. We plan to maintain a low-risk, low-leverage profile and a consistent focus on building stockholder value. With our concentration on core areas, growth in production and reserves, very efficient operations and strong a balance sheets, we are confident in our ability to continue achieving sustained growth and delivering solid profitability. Id like to turn the call over to Steve Chazen.
Steve Chazen: Thank you, Ray. Net income was $938 million in the fourth quarter of 2009, compared to $443 million in the fourth quarter of last year. 2009 fourth quarter net income included after-tax non-core charges, mostly consisting of a $115 million impairment of certain Argentine producing properties. 2008 fourth quarter included after-tax non-core charges of $514 million for impairments, rig termination costs and plant closures. Core results were $1.1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2009, compared to $957 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. Here is the segment breakdown for the fourth quarter. Oil and gas fourth quarter 2009 segment earnings were $1.6 billion, compared to $339 million for the fourth quarter of last year. Oil and gas core results for the fourth quarter of 2009 were $1.8 billion compared to $1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2008, after excluding asset impairments in both periods and rig termination costs last year. The increase in the 2009 fourth quarter earnings was due to higher crude oil prices and sales volumes and lower operating expenses. Occidentals average realized crude price of 2009 fourth quarter was $69.39 a barrel, an increase of 30% from the $53.52 a barrel last year. Oxys domestic realized gas price for the quarter was $4.37 per mcf, compared to $4.67 an mcf in the fourth quarter last year. Worldwide oil and gas sales volumes for the fourth quarter of 2009 were 650,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day, an increase of nearly 5%, compared to 620,000 BOE per day in the fourth quarter of last year. Daily production volume increased 23,000 BOE a day from Oman and Bahrain, 6,000 BOE from Argentina and 13,000 BOE from California operations, excluding Long Beach. Partially offsetting these increases were lower Middle East volumes of 7,000 BOE a day caused by higher oil prices affecting our production sharing contracts. Fourth quarter of 2009 worldwide oil and gas volumes increased 3.5% or 22,000 barrels a day equivalent from the third quarter 2009 sales volumes of 628,000 BOE a day. We began Bahrain production and development activities on December 1, 2009. Argentina volumes increased by 8,000 BOE a day, the third quarter included a 9,000 BOE a day loss due to the strike Santa Cruz province. California volumes, excluding Long Beach increased by 3,000 BOE a day. Oman volumes increased by 4,000 BOE a day from the Mukhaizna field. Exploration expense was $99 million in the quarter. Chemical segment earnings for the fourth quarter of 2009 were $33 million, compared with $127 million in last year's fourth quarter. After excluding plant closure and impairments, the fourth quarter of 2008 core results were $217 million. The fourth quarter 2009 results reflect to continued weakness in most domestic markets, but in particular U.S. housing, durable goods and agricultural sectors. Midstream segment earnings for the fourth quarter of 2009 were $81 million, compared to $171 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. The decrease in earnings was due to lower margins in the marketing business in 2009 compared to 2008, partially offset by improved NGL margins resulting from lower maintenance expenses, energy costs and property taxes in the gas processing business and higher income from the Dolphin Pipeline. The worldwide effective tax rate was 41% for the fourth quarter of 2009, in line with our guidance. Let me now turn to our performance during the twelve months. Net income was $2.9 billion for the twelve months of 2009, compared with $6.9 billion same period last year, core results for the twelve months were $3.1 billion, compared with $7.3 billion for the full year of 2008. Income for the twelve months of 2009 included $168 million of charges, net of tax and 2008 included $491 million of charges, net of tax, for the items noted on the schedule reconciling net income to core results. Oil and gas cash production costs, excluding production and property taxes, were $10.37 a barrel for twelve months of 2009, a 15% decline from last year's twelve-month costs of $12.13 a barrel. Taxes, other than on income were $1.77 a barrel for the twelve months of 2009 compared to $2.62 a barrel for all of 2008. These costs, which are sensitive to product prices, reflect lower crude oil and gas prices this year. Capital spending for 2009 was $3.6 billion. Capital expenditures by segment were 79% in Oil and Gas, 6% in Chemical and 15% in Midstream. Oil and Gas expenditures were 56% in foreign operations and 44% domestically. Cash flow from operations for the twelve months of 2009 was $5.8 billion. We used $3.6 billion of the companys cash flow to fund capital expenditures and $1.8 billion on acquisitions and foreign bonuses. These items amounted to $5.4 billion cash usage. We also used $1.1 billion to pay dividends. These and other net cash flows decreased our $1.8 billion cash balance from the end of last year by $600 million to $1.2 billion at December 31. Fourth quarter free cash flow after capital spending, dividends and taxes but before acquisition activity was about $850 million. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the twelve months were $811.3 million and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $813.8 million. Our debt to capitalization ratio was 9%. Our 2009 return on equity was 10.3% with return on capital employed of 9.6%. Well now discuss some factors affecting our 2010 program. Beginning in 2010, we are making three reporting changes which full impact comparability between years. Historically, our production volumes have been reported as a mix of pre-tax and after tax volumes while revenues are reflected only pre-tax sales. This difference is caused by our production sharing contracts in the Middle East and North Africa where production is immediately taken and sold to pay the local income tax. We have treated this as additional revenue but not additional production. To simplify our reporting and to conform with industry practice, our production and our revenues will now be tied. Beginning this year we will refer to production on this more accurate and consistent basis. To assist you in making comparisons, an historical charge presented in the Investor Relations Supplemental Schedules that shows what the previous 5 years and the 2009 quarterly volumes would have been on this basis. All references to growth and volume comparisons will be against these reformatted production volumes. For example, production from last year will be referred to as 714,000 BOE per day rather than 645,000 BOE per day for the year. This change will have no effect on the company's financial statements. We have combined most of our gas production in the mid-continental regions of the United States into a single business unit called Midcontinent Gas, in order to take advantage of common development methods and production optimization opportunities. This business unit includes the Hugoton field, the Piceance basin as well as the bulk of the Permian basin non-associated gas assets, which had been reported as part of the Permian business unit through the end of 2009. Starting in 2010, these assets will be reported in Midcontinent Gas. As a result, Midcontinent Gas unit's production will be approximately 75% gas and 25% liquids. Permian's production will go from 84% liquids and 16% gas, to 89% liquids and 11% mostly associated gas. Included in the Investor Relations Supplemental Schedules are charts showing what the previous 5 years and 2009 quarterly sales volumes would have been for these business units if those Permian gas properties had been reported as part of Midcontinent Gas. Occidental's policy regarding tertiary recovery is to capitalize costs, such as CO2, when they support development of proved reserves and generally expense these costs when they support current production. In 2009, we capitalized approximately 50% of the CO2 injected in the Permian basin. Over the years, as the CO2 program matures, a larger portion of the injected gas supports current production. Beginning in 2010, we will be expensing 100 percent of the CO2 injected, in order to simplify the process of determining the portion that should be capitalized versus expensed. In 2009, $69 million of CO2 costs were capitalized. As we look ahead in the current quarter we expect oil and gas sales volumes to increase from the reformatted fourth quarter 2009 amount of 722,000 BOE a day to about 730,000 to 740,000 BOE a day at current oil prices. Increases will come from California, Bahrain and Oman. There will be less lifting out of Libya which will not affect production but will affect sales. With regard to prices, at current market prices, $1.00 change in oil prices impacts oil and gas quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $36 million. The average fourth quarter WTI price was about $76.19 per barrel. Swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices has a $24 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes. The current NYMEX gas price is around $5.60 per MCF. Additionally we expect exploration expense to be about $75 million for seismic and drilling for our exploration programs. For the chemical segment, the international markets remain solid. In the United States, we have a competitive advantage against foreign products; however, the housing and construction markets remain weak, which will limit improvement in sales volumes and margins. Chemical earnings for the first quarter are expected to be in the range of $30 million to $50 million. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the first quarter of 2010 to be in the range of 42% to 43% depending on the split between domestic and foreign sourced income. Our fourth quarter in U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in our Supplemental Schedule. For all of this year we expect capital spending to be about $4.3 billion. Our capital program will continue to focus on ensuring that our returns remain well above our cost of capital. The additional capital from 2009's $3.6 billion level will be allocated to the Oil and Gas segment. Of this increase, about a quarter each will go to California and Iraq, about 15% to Bahrain and 10% to Midcontinent Gas. As a result, the capital allocation will be approximately 82% in Oil and Gas with the remainder being spent in Midstream and Chemical. Our Oil and Gas DD&A expense for 2010 should be approximately $10.75 per BOE. Depreciation for the other two segments should be approximately $450 million. Excluding the Kern County discovery, over the course of a couple of years, we have drilled 39 exploration wells seeking non-traditional hydrocarbon bearing zones in California. Of these wells, 12 are commercial and 10 are currently being evaluated. Occidental holds approximately 1.3 million acres of net fee minerals and leasehold in California, which have been acquired over in the last few years to exploit these opportunities. At the Kern County discovery we are currently producing approximately 145 million cubic feet of gas a day and 7,500 barrels of liquids a day from 15 wells. This is 5,700 BOE a day higher in the production of 26,000 barrels a day which we disclosed last quarter. Cumulative gross production since the start of production through the end of December 2009 has been 19.4 bcf of gas and 1.5 million barrels of liquids. We expect to drill 8 wells in the first half of the year focusing on oil drilling and exploring the limits of the field. We also expect to add skid mounted gas processing facilities by the second quarter. This will add to our gas production once these facilities are installed. Copies of the press release announcing our fourth quarter earnings and the Supplemental Schedules are available on our website or through the EDGAR system. Now were ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And your first question is from Doug Terreson of ISI.
Doug Terreson - ISI: On Iraq, Ray, just talk briefly on the contrary and on Iraq I wanted to see if you could expand on the next steps in that country to the best three possible meaning. When do you expect investment activities to commence in earnest and number two? What is the role that gas plays in the consortium with this technical service arrangement that they have, so if you could comment on those two items, I would appreciate it.
Dr. Ray Irani: Sandy, would you carry on? He is overseeing this. 
Sandy Lowe: Thank you, Dr. Irani, good morning. We have teams assembled with (inaudible) and co-gas in Milan right now getting ready. We believe that in the second quarter we will be commencing negotiation of development plans, and kicking off debottlenecking activities so that we can get initial production up. Regarding the question of investment in earnest, this year we'll be mostly debottlenecking and gathering data, studying the data, developing the plans in preparation for much bigger expenditures coming in 2011, 2012.
Doug Terreson - ISI: Okay. 
Sandy Lowe: With regards to gas in it, we believe that in places like Iraq, its good to have an international consortium. It gives us an increased kind of political coverage. We have European, far eastern, and American company.
Doug Terreson - ISI: Okay. Also, I think Steve mentioned the cash costs and ENP declined by around 15% which is obviously a positive result and so on this point I want to see if you can provide an update as to how you envision this trend unfolding during the next year meaning, are there expectations that expenses are going to decline further and if so any order of magnitude on that capture rate is appreciated?
Sandy Lowe: On the operating expenses, as you know, Doug, the U.S. business is really driven by the gas producers, and not being critical of any one party, they really haven't put a lot of pressure on the suppliers, and so we don't see much change right now in operating costs because oil producers really can't change much, so until the gas producers are a little more disciplined than they've been, I think this is where we are. 
Doug Terreson - ISI: Okay, thanks a lot, guys. 
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Leggate of Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I am going to ask couple of, Steve, on California.
Steve Chazen: I was expecting that.
Doug Leggate - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Well, I guess an update on the size of the resource. I am not sure if you're ready to give us any update, but could you comment specifically on the type of play that you're actually working on right now? In terms of pay zones, you have got alluded backwards and forwards of these can be quite thick, so if you could actually give us some numbers on that that would be great and related to that maybe some update on the development plan. If it is 200 million let see a midpoint then obviously you have got a whole raft of ways you can go ahead and speed up the drilling there. What exactly do you have in terms of plans for expanding the gas plant beyond skid meant plants you're putting in place in the second quarter and I have a follow-up on your production targets, please. 
Steve Chazen: The pay zones in the gas condensate zone run about 600 feet of net pay. And in the deeper oil zones around 400 feet in net pay. So, its fairly thick. And then especially in the common gas condensate zones, pretty good permeability, so you're trading fairly thick segment. So, I think that's probably something. The aerial extent doesn't compare with other things, but its very similar as we said in the beginning to an offshore discovery. As far as the gas plant, we really don't know at this point.  Their skid mounted thing which may be at 85 million a day is not going to be enough because that's maybe only two wells, so we're probably going to have to get some more and we just don't know how big to build the plant at this point. Every quarter it looks like we need a bigger plant. So we're doing the engineering work. We're starting to build it out. Every time we think we have a handle on it, something else happens which expands the size of the plant. We'll be a little constrained in the next quarter two on gas because we're within our ability to operate at that level give or take 15, 20 million a day so we could get it on.
Doug Leggate - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Just before I ask my follow-up, Steve, the production number at the end of the quarter, was that the maximum in the quarter or did you have any, I am guessing you're playing around with this a bit. So, you have peaking rates, in which case can you give us some insight what that looks like?
Steve Chazen: There wasn't the maximum in the quarter now. It was sort what it was at the end of the quarter to provide some kind of consistency. When you're running it over 100 gas plant at 100% or maybe more of stated capacity, especially at older plants, its a stretch to keep it running at over 100%, so what you're looking at is sort of what would happen to be the day we measured it.
Doug Leggate - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. My follow-up is really you have given us an indication of 5% to 8% off the higher base, I guess, for this year for production, but I have to confess I am kind of struggling here because Bahrain is a big slug, California is a big slug, and then you have got the ramp up in Oman and various other things obviously century gas plant. This help us why is 5% to 8% right number? Just looks like you might be sandbagging a little bit here. 
Steve Chazen: We would never sandbag. But I would remind you at your request I think we'll have an update in May.
Doug Leggate - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Kessler of Simmons and company. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company : Good morning, guys. May be extrapolating a little bit on Doug's questions on Kern County, California. Like to see if you could give us a bit more of update outside of Kern County. Looks like you added three more wells or drilled three more wells in the fourth quarter there I think going back to the last quarter's presentation you had expected seven. Just curious if there is sort of a permitting delay involved there, any significant change in your ex-Kern County exploration plans?
Steve Chazen: No. Some little permitting. It is just a matter of getting around to it. It may be a little a well was in process or something and didn't get counted.  
Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company: Sure. Fair enough. 
Steve Chazen: At the end of the quarter. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company: And then with respect to the Monterey shale, something you haven't talked too much about, I don't believe, and I guess you're not testing that directly so much but correct me if I'm wrong in these sort of 39 wells you have drilled so far but is that fair or have you actually put some let's say multi-stage lateral wells into the Monterey shell and gotten any kind of production response?
Steve Chazen: We're doing simpler drilling than that, and we are drilling shale wells, and the pace of that is picking up nicely as we move through the year. Whether its a Monterey shale or some other shale probably don't want to get into but so far we haven't done much many in the way of high costs opportunities but the low cost ones work just fine, so we'll have more updated added in May also, but the pace of that is picking up nicely and will pick up all year.
Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company: I imagine you prefer all equal a nice easily produced conventional low cost conventional well. But anything you can say about an average well productivity out of the shale wells you have drilled so far?
Steve Chazen: Our average is probably more misleading than informative, so the wells have F&D costs currently with the simple things we're doing of maybe $5 a barrel. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company: On the conventional side?
Steve Chazen: No. these are unconventional
Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company: Right, okay.
Steve Chazen: The shale wells if you will.
Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company: Okay. Got you. And then looks like you picked up around 200,000 net acres in California over the course of the quarter. Any specifics on where that acreage is located?
Steve Chazen: It is located in the heart of the producing area around the (inaudible) field, Elk hills and that general area, so it is not way out in the middle of nowhere its basically right around where the sweet production is.
Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Follow-up question on California. I believe most of the production you highlight in your slides comes from the gas condensate zones and you were going to be drilling in the oil zones and I believe Steve you mentioned 400 feet of net pay. Can you comment on the drilling results you have seen in the oil zones and when we might start seeing production contribution from those? I am talking about the Kern County area.
Steve Chazen: I understand. The oil zone is the gas condensate zone is a fairly straight forward zone. The oil zone is I think we have indicated is more complicated. The other problem is that when you drill the oil well is also produces gas and we have a very little plate on capacity. So we ought to be able to see production out of that in the next couple of quarters. But we still need gas plant capacity because even though you might produce 800 or 1,000 barrels a day out of the oil zone, you are still producing 2 or 3 million a day of gas. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs : That's 800,000 barrels a day per well from the oil zone is what you might think about?
Steve Chazen: Yeah, initially, and then you also produce gas, so we're a little constrained and also the area we're trying to outline the field so we know how big to build the planted because that's really what's controlling sizable increases in some production. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: How many wells have you drilled oil zone thus far?
Steve Chazen: Bill? 
Bill Albrecht: I don't have the exact number, but I would say it is probably on the order of ten. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs : Terrific. And in terms of gas plant expansions, is there kind of a rough CapEx and maybe relative to size of expansion that we should think about?
Dr. Ray Irani: It won't be material to the total.
Steve Chazen: We won't notice it? 
Dr. Ray Irani: It is 100, $150 million sort of number. If you look at the production numbers we gave you for the since the thing began, you will see that we clearly basically the program is paying for itself as it goes. 
Steve Chazen: And let me assure, you we're not going to keep studying the construction of a gas plant. We're doing some engineering and we'll make a decision shortly.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs : That's fantastic. And then, just a final on a related one in terms of Iraq. Could you provide any comment on how much CapEx it would take to get to the 1.2 million-barrel a day target, I believe Dr. Ray Irani you mentioned and how much your capital spending might be this year and the next few years?
Dr. Ray Irani: Well, if you want to get to the end, bear in mind we like to look at net cash flow and we have said clearly in our remarks earlier that the exposure to the company in total during the 20 year contract will be less than a $1 billion. Taking into account the fact that this is a very quick recovery of spending, the press mentions all kinds of numbers that seem to cap spending over (inaudible) $20 billion over five years. It is this and that. The advantage of this contract is high early cost recovery. So Oxy's total capital spending in the project will be less than a $1 billion. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs : That might be your max exposure at one time. Is that a way to think about that?. 
Dr. Ray Irani: That's it. It builds over the first two years but that's it. The cumulative becomes positive, but in a year-after-year.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs : I got it. Thank you very much for your comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Jacobs of Tudor Pickering Holt.
Michael Jacobs  Tudor Pickering Holt: Thinking about the chemical acquisition from Dow and as you think about your company wide portfolio, should we expect the chemical business and perhaps the midstream business as well to continue to grow in pace with your upstream business so that your kind of 80% upstream CapEx and then the associated free cash from the other business remains constant as your upstream business grows?
Steve Chazen: No. There is no strategy of balancing growth in the chemical business and the upstream business. The chemical business as we have said repeatedly is a solid net cash generator to the company to invest in the upstream and from time to time we opportunistically look at both on acquisitions to our business. Calcium chloride business became available but attractive returns to us and frankly this year with the bad weather it's even performed better than we expected. So we look at things which fit into our marketing and manufacturing capabilities and I think over time one would expect the upstream business will continue to be the major part of the company and maybe growing as a percentage, the midstream which I think is a bigger number. The midstream business is really influenced just this year, last year and this year by the Century plant. Once that plant is done with, the midstream capital will plummet. So the percentage in the oil, instead of going from say 400 million - 500 million in the midstream business is probably going to wind up in the $100 million range. So your percentages will shift even more heavily to the midstream business really supporting the oil and gas.
Michael Jacobs  Tudor Pickering Holt: That's helpful. When we think about, on the upstream side, the conventional versus unconventional opportunities in your portfolio and clearly $5 a barrel finding and development costs in California is extremely attractive. Are there other unconventional oil opportunities outside of your current portfolio that could be interesting?
Dr. Ray Irani: We look at lots of things, and so I think we would be studying everything. It would be fairly hard for us to duplicate the economics in California, but we continue to look.
Michael Jacobs  Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay. And just a last follow-up on Doug's question. As we're working through the restated volumes, can you give us an idea of what growth guidance would have been in percentage terms under the old reporting methods? 
Dr. Ray Irani: I don't know. Same order of magnitude. It is just a range that's used that we try to be in the high-end of the range, but it is not really that precise. If oil prices go through the roof, as an example, we can't be on the upper range. So the 5% to 8% we feel is a solid range we can achieve on a sustained basis over the next five years. To speculate it could be on the upper end would be misleading frankly. We think 5% to 8% is a very solid rate of growth maintaining high returns remember. We continue to say we expect high returns and not just growth. So we could grow faster, but we believe that the continued emphasis on efficiency, cost control, CapEx, et cetera, solid discipline across the board, is more important than just uncontrolled high volume growth. And quite frankly, I don't see any company of our size and larger growing at this rate.
Michael Jacobs  Tudor Pickering Holt: I agree. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Neuhauser of Livermore Partners.
David Neuhauser - Livermore Partners: Could you answer me looking forward if some of the other companies out there are looking to right size and somewhat optimize their current portfolios. Are there opportunities that exist out there today that fit within your understanding as where you want to grow that are attractive to Oxy at this point?  
Dr. Ray Irani: There are opportunities. We continue to look at a large portfolio even during times when is people weren't willing to sell. It always takes two to tango and it also depends on the price that people want, but most important as Steve has continually said and I have repeated any acquisition we must add value. We're not going to by assets to have a play on the price of oil or gas. So only we will buy assets when we believe we can increase production, cut costs and get higher value out of those properties. So we continue to be extremely attentive to those opportunities and during the fourth quarter we had a number of opportunities that came along and we took advantage of it. Steve, do you want to add to that? 
Steve Chazen: We don't have any interest expanding our footprint to refining or anything like that and a lot of what's on offer is well returned negative freaking asset businesses.
David Neuhauser - Livermore Partners: Is there further opportunities that you see going forward? We have seen a number of acquisitions obviously on the unconventional side with some of the super majors. Do you look at that as the opportunity going forward or are you still more focused on the growth opportunities, organic on the conventional side?
Steve Chazen: We're always focused on our own stuff first. If we see an opportunity to grow the business that we can add value as Ray said, we will do that. But at this point we have a decent portfolio for the next five years at least. But again we look at everything. So if we can find something that adds value that we can do, that's a reasonable size, we would consider doing that. But we don't feel pressed to do anything.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Glasebrook of Neuberger Berman.
Richard Glasebrook - Neuberger Berman: I had a question on Kern County and then a follow-up. You said the aerial extent was perhaps more modest compared to others as you put. I wondered how significantly you've defined the aerial extent to this state and give some sense of the size of what you have and secondly, you've commented in the past that you've seen no depletion from the reservoirs to date. Has that still been true with an additional quarter?
Steve Chazen: The first question is we haven't seen the limits of the field yet. So we're not really in a position to say. The aerial extent continues to grow and so we haven't seen the limits of the field. We may have seen it on one side of the field but not the other three sides. So we don't know. On the depletion, the wells generally don't deplete very much and we're also not necessarily pushing the wells as hard as they might at this point. So right now they're holding out pretty well.
Richard Glasebrook - Neuberger Berman: Second question is on capital spending or rather on acquisitions. You spent about a $1.1 billion or $1.2 billion in the quarter. Some of that of course included Phibro which (inaudible). Did you say how much the Dow acquisition was? 
Steve Chazen: Dow acquisition was earlier in the year, $210 million. We spent about half the total on oil and gas and the other half in the midstream business.
Richard Glasebrook - Neuberger Berman: What kind of volumes were attributable to the oil and gas that you bought? 
Steve Chazen: We haven't said. Obviously if we added 200,000 acres in California last quarter, we obviously spent some money to do that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Pavel of Raymond James
Pavel - Raymond James : Two questions regarding the 200% reserve replacement you referenced. First could you tell us what the main areas for reserve bookings were and then secondly how much higher would bookings have been without year-over-year pricing effects under your PSE?
Dr. Ray Irani: As I said, if you allow me, you're going to be getting all the details over the next two weeks. It's (inaudible) 200% approximately and we're proud of that. I think let's just wait until you see the announcement and it won't be long. 
Operator: Your next question comes from (inaudible). 
Unidentified Analyst: A couple of things. One, can you comment at all about how Phibro has been doing and any expectations you have based on purchase price? What type of results you're hoping for them? 
Steve Chazen: We hope for a lot, but we've only owned it three weeks. So we always hope. They're doing fine, but we only owned them three weeks and they mark-to-market every day. So every day they have a different result. So I don't think we to want speculate on that because we don't know anything.
Unidentified Analyst: Would you be expecting to greatly expand their potential risk or decide
Steve Chazen: No, no.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And last question. Can you update us on Argentina and anything that's going on down there?
Steve Chazen: Do you want to talk about Argentina Sandy?
Sandy Lowe: In Argentina we have a robust drilling program again this year and we're working 25 different fields and production is running just under 50,000 gross barrels a day. So there is nothing unusual to report there. As Steve pointed out there have been some labor relations problems last year on a provincial basis. It wasn't isolated to us but things are looking fine right now and we hope they stay that way.
Unidentified Analyst: Do you have their costs in terms of price cap or something like that that will be lifting here hopefully in the not too distant future?
Steve Chazen: There are constraints to the sale and it's complicated as to how we sell on the internal market versus the export market and there is a number of allowances that we've been able to earn by increasing production in certain provinces. So it is improving. But it is always subject to local political considerations.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Banc of America\Merrill Lynch. 
Doug Leggate - Banc of America\Merrill Lynch: Sorry for the follow-up, folks. I wanted to circle back on one thing you said in your prepared remarks, Steve about free cash flow of $850 million in the quarter I guess after dividends, CapEx, and so on. Obviously if that's the run rate, we're looking at north of $3 billion of cash in a given year. I'm just curious as to what your latest thoughts are about how you're going to manage that given that youve now given us a fairly modest CapEx budget for the year? 
Steve Chazen: We almost never build cash. Our cash I don't think has ever hit $2 billion. So I think we'll keep the cash, one way or another we'll find opportunities. I think this is probably a pretty decent year for opportunities for us outside of the capital program. We see a little more activity in some of our areas. While we didn't spend a lot in Permian last year, we still did 21 deals. So I think it's fairly especially [active] and specially for private people who are worried about their tax rates. So I think we'll have a pretty decent year for acquisitions this year and if there is excess cash, we'll be responsible in returning it to shareholders one way or another.
Doug Leggate - Banc of America\Merrill Lynch: Is there a visible pipeline right now Steve that you could speak to?
Steve Chazen: I don't want to speak to it but there is clearly stuff out there. It is clearly more active than it was say six months ago.
Doug Leggate - Banc of America\Merrill Lynch: Terrific. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wheeler of AllianceBernstein.
David Wheeler - AllianceBernstein: My question has been answered.
Operator: And there appear to be no further questions. Are there any closing remarks?
Chris Stavros:  No. That's all we have from Los Angeles in New York. Thank you very much for joining us today and if you have any follow-up questions, feel free to call us in New York. Thank you again.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Chris Stavros  IR Ray Irani  Chairman and CEO Steve Jason  President and CFO Bill Albrecht  President, US Oil and Gas Operations Sandy Lowe  President, International Oil and Gas Business
Analysts: Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company International Mike Jacobs  Tudor Pickering Holt Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James Faisel Khan  Citigroup Doug Terreson  ISI Group Monroe Helm  CM Energy Partners Bob Morse [ph]  Citigroup David Wheeler  AllianceBernstein Kate Lucas  Collins Stewart Mark Caruso  Millennium Partners
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum third quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star in the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to draw your question, press the pound key. Thank you. Mr. Stavros, you may begin your conference.
Chris Stavros: Thank you, Christy, and good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome you to the Occidental Petroleums third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call from Los Angeles this morning are Dr. Ray Irani, OXYs Chairman and CEO; Steve Jason, our President and CFO; also joining us are Bill Albrecht, President of OXYs US Oil and Gas Operations; and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas Business. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Dr. Irani to discuss some of the high points regarding the third quarter as well as the developing opportunities which we expect add to our growth over time. Steve Jason will then review our third quarter and nine months 2009 financial results, also talk about some of our recent acquisition activity as well as provide an update on OXYs Kern County California discovery and our California exploration activity. Our third quarter earnings press release, investor relations supplemental schedules, and conference call presentation slides, which refers to these remarks can be downloaded off of our Web site at www.oxy.com. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Irani. Dr. Irani, please go ahead.
Ray Irani: Thank you, Chris, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today. This morning, I would give you brief highlights of the few of the positive developments of OXY during the last quarter. Steve Jason will provide financial highlights and details shortly. Our worldwide oil and gas production for 2009 third quarter was nearly 7% higher than the third quarter last year. A significant portion of the domestic increase is from of our new discovery in Kern County California which we announced last quarter. In the new discovery area, we currently have gross production of approximately 26,000 BOE per day, which is 8,700 BOE per day more than we reported to you last quarter. We continued to be excited about OXYs growth potential in California. In the third quarter, we also achieved production growth in the Middle East region, mainly from our operations in Oman and the Dolphin project. We continued to see opportunity in the Middle East, and it is a region in which we expect further growth. In the next few weeks, we will launch a joint operating company to manage the development and production of Bahrain field. As you know, with Bahrains National Oil Company, Mubadala of Abu Dhabi are teaming to dramatically increase the fields oil production from 30,000 barrels a day to 100,000 barrels a day. In addition, gas production is also expected to increase 50% to 2.5 BCF during the term of the contract. OXYs net proved reserve additions over the life of the project are estimated to be 450 million BOE. And as announced last week, OXY is part of an Eni-led consortium that has been awarded the license for the development of the giant Zubair oil field in Iraq. Iraq holds the worlds second-largest reveres of oil with about 115 billion barrels, second only to Saudi Arabia. Iraq officials have said that they plan to increase the country's oil production from the current level of about 2.2 million barrels a day to over 10 million barrels of oil. We are now one of the few companies on the ground floor of this world-class opportunity. The Zubair field has significant proven reserves estimated at more than 4.2 billion barrels and current production of 195,000 barrels of oil a day. Development of Zubair will be a multiyear multiphase project with production expected to reach that plateau of more than 1 million barrels a day during the next six years. We expect OXYs net share of peak production from the field to be about 90,000 barrels a day. The Zubair project will give us the opportunity to learn, evaluating each phase of the project and give us the insight to effectively evaluate future developments in Iraq. We hope to expand our position over time and continue our involvement in Iraq while meeting our standards for security and rate of return. I will now like to turn the meeting over to Steve Jason to give you our third quarter and year-to-date financial results in greater detail.
Steve Jason: Thank you, Ray. Net income was $927 million in the third quarter compared with 2.3 billion in last years third quarter. Here is the segment breakdown for the third quarter. Oil and gas 2009 segment earnings were $1.5 billion compared to $3.6 billion for the third quarter 2008. The $2.1 billion decrease in the third quarter was due to lower crude oil and natural gas prices, partially offset by higher sales volumes and lower operating expenses. Occidental's average realized crude price in the 2009 third quarter was $62.79 per barrel, a decrease of 40% from $104.15 per barrel in the comparable period last year. OXYs domestic average realized gas price for the quarter was $3.04 per MCF compared with $9.35 per MCF last year. Worldwide oil and gas sales volume for the third quarter 2009 was 628,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day, increase of nearly 7% compared with 588,000 BOE a day in the third quarter of last year. The increase includes, 22,000 BOE per day from domestic operations, 16,000 BOE per day from Oman, 10,000 BOE a day from the Dolphin, partially offset by 8000 BOE a day in lower volumes from Argentina. The domestic volume increases occurred in California and the Permian. The California increase is largely a result of new wells from the Kern County discovery the announced last quarter. The Middle East included higher production in Oman and higher production sharing volumes compared to last years third quarter. The Argentine decrease includes 9,000 BOE a day loss from the strike in Santa Cruz in the third quarter of this year. Third quarter of 2009 worldwide oil and gas sales volumes decreased 3% or 21,000 BOE a day from the second quarter of 2009 of 649,000 BOE a day. Dolphin volumes were lower by 10,000 BOE a day resulting mainly from higher catch-up cost recovery volumes in the second quarter. Argentina volumes decreased by 7,000 BOE a day due in large part to the Santa Cruz the strike. Qatar and Libya volumes declined by 8,000 BOE a day due to the timing of liftings. Midcontinent and Rockies volumes were lower by 4,000 BOE a day, which reflects a natural decline in gas production. California volumes increased 8,000 BOE a day, largely a result of new wells from the Kern County discovery. Exploration expense was $56 million in quarter, in line with our guidance of $50 million. Oil and gas cash production costs, excluding production and property taxes, were $10.27 a barrel for the first nine months of this year, a 15% decline from last year's 12 month cost of $12.13 a barrel. In the third quarter of 2009, oil and gas cash production costs were $10.15 per barrel, essentially flat with the second quarter of 2009s run rate. Taxes other than on income were $1.75 a barrel for the first nine months of 2009, compared with $2.62 a barrel for all of 2008. These costs, which are sensitive to product prices reflect lower crude oil and gas prices in the first nine months of this year. In the third quarter of 2009, these taxes decreased to $1.73 a barrel compared to the second quarter of 2009 rate of $1.82 due to reductions in the 2009 through 2010 property taxes. Chemical segment earnings for the quarter of 2009 were $72 million compared to $219 million in last years third quarter. The third quarter 2009 results reflect the continued weakness in US housing, automotive, and durable goods sectors resulting in lower margins for caustic soda, polyvinyl chloride, and lower volumes for chlorine, caustic soda, potassium hydroxide, and polyvinyl chloride. Midstream segment earnings for the third quarter of 2009 were $77 million compared to $66 million in the third quarter of 2008. The increase in earnings was due to higher margins in the marketing business, partially offset by lower NGL realized prices in the gas processing business. The worldwide effective tax rate was 37% in the third quarter of 2009 compared with our guidance of 40% to 42%. Decrease in rate reflects tax benefits resulting from our relinquishment of international exploration contracts and a higher proportion of expected total year domestic source pretax income. Occidental generally records no tax benefits on foreign expense to exploration until the lease is relinquished. Now let me turn to OXYs performance during the first nine months. Net income was $2 billion for the first nine months of this year compared to $6.4 billion last year. Capital spending for the quarter of 2009 was $746 million and $2.6 billion for the first nine months. We currently anticipate total year 2009 capital spending to be $3.7 billion, $100 million increase from our last estimate is allocated to domestic oil and gas operations. Portions of the increase will be used to complete 130 previously drilled wells in the Piceance Basin. This work will be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2010 and expected to add about 40 million a day to our production. Cash flow from operations for the nine months of 2009 was $3.8 billion. We used $2.6 billion of the company's cash flow to fund capital expenditures and $600 million on acquisition and foreign bonuses. These items amounted to $3.2 billion of cash used. We also used $794 million to pay dividends. In the third quarter, we used $691 million to retire senior debt maturities, which was funded from the second quarter issuance of $750 million of senior notes due in 2016. These and other net cash outflows decreased our $1.8 billion cash balance at the end of last year by $200 million to $1.6 billion at the end of this past quarter. Third quarter free cash flows after capital spending, dividends and taxes, but before financing and acquisition activities was about $700 million. As a result of the reduction in debt in the third quarter, debt to cap ratio came down to 9%, which is the same level we reported last year. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the nine months 811.1 million and weighted average diluted shares were 813.9 million. As we look ahead in the current quarter, we expect oil and gas sales volumes to increase to about 650,000 to 660,000 BOE a day at around current oil prices. The fourth quarter production is expected to reflect increases from California, Argentina and the Middle East/North Africa. With regard to price, at current prices, $1 a barrel change in oil prices impacts oil and gas quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $39 million. The average third quarter WTI oil price was $68.30. The NYMEX gas price is $3.60 per MCF. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices has a $23 million impact in quarterly earnings before income taxes. The current NYMEX gas price is around $5 per MCF. Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $100 million for seismic and drilling for our exploration programs. For the chemical segment, we expect continued weakness in US housing, automotive and durable goods sectors in the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter is traditionally the weakest quarter for this business. Chemical earnings in the fourth quarter are expected to be between $20 million to $40 million as opposed to breakeven level we had estimated last quarter. We expect increases in chlorine, caustic soda, and polyvinyl chloride prices. These increases are not expected to fully offset the higher feedstock and energy costs. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate for the fourth quarter to be in the range of 40% to 42% depending on our split between domestic and foreign sources of income. Our third quarter US and foreign tax rates are included in the investor relations supplement. Turning now to acquisitions, last month we announced the acquisition of Phibro from Citicorp for price that approximates the liquidation value of Phibros assets. As of the most recent information, the vast majority of Phibros assets consist of cash and marketable securities. The exact amount of the purchase price will be determined at closing, which is expected this quarter. We expect our investment in Phibro will average about $250 million depending on our cash needs from time to time. They will operate as a standalone entity. All our current trading operations will continue selling our physical production. Our policies on hedging and risk management, or physical production remains unchanged. Phibro has an extensive system of risk controls, which will be overseen by Occidental employees. The quality of Phibros risk controls and management can be seen by a lack of any losing years since 1997 when they were bought by Citi. With time, we expect to use Phibros excellent reputation in the Middle East and elsewhere to enhance our position in the region. Property acquisition activity has picked up recently. We expect to close several hundred million dollars of property acquisitions in the fourth quarter. Turning now to California exploration. Excluding the Kern County discovery discussed in last quarters conference call, over the course of a little over a year, we have drilled 34 exploration wells seeking non-traditional hydrocarbon zones in California. Of these wells, 11 are commercial and 10 are currently being evaluated. We expect to drill an additional seven exploration wells this year. OXY holds $1.1 million acres net of fee minerals in leasehold in California, which had been acquired in the last few years to exploit these opportunities. Discoveries similar to the Kern County discovery are possible in this net acreage position. Additionally, we will continue to pursue shale production which is expected to produce oil on this acreage. Kern County discovery, which is near Elk Hills is not below any producing zones. In this area, we are currently producing some 10 wells, approximately 105 million cubic feet of gas a day and 8,500 barrels of liquids a day, which is 8,700 BOE a day higher than production than we disclosed last quarter. Cumulative gross production since we started production to the end of September has been 8.5 BCF of gas and 765,000 barrels of liquids. All of these productions come from conventional zones. While there is oil production from shale zones in this area, the bulk of the future production will come from conventional wells. During 2009, we expect to drill additional 11 wells. In the next two quarters, the focus of our drilling will be on oil wells as we seek to further define the oil zone. Copies this press release and other quarterly earnings are available on our Web site or through the SEC's Edgar System. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And your first question comes from Robert Kessler of Simmons.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company International: Good morning gentlemen. I wanted to see if you could elaborate on a few things with respect to your Kern County activity. One being on Elk Hills, you have disclosed previously that you're going to bump up against some processing capacity limits that. Can you update us with respect to the timing of expansion and the likely cost? And at what point might we start to flatten out in terms of the California production growth as that becomes the bottleneck or can you keep growing for the next few quarters without that being limiting factor?
Bill Albrecht: We still have some more room in our facilities in gas currently. At the current rate of growth obviously, we will probably going to run out sometime. But they have plans to bring skid mount facilities to handle the gas. There was a slowing down some of the less economic activities in the Elk Hills area to create more room for this. We don't have any idea. We cant say how big the facility is at this point, since we still have fair number of unknowns about how much gas we are going to make the process. So that's part of one delay as we just dont know how big a plant to build. The numbers we told you last week maybe a little. So I think what we are as far as the growth that we would expect continued growth for a few more quarters. We just don't know at this point where it's going to wind up. It continues to do extremely well.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company International: Sure. And then as you shift your focus more towards the oily  of the wells, youve been on course around two thirds gas so far. In expectation for average well productivity. It's been quite strong with the gas related well. Do expect a similar rate of production on, say, barrels oil equivalent basis even with the oily this?
Bill Albrecht: The oil zone is fundamentally less  has less permeability than in the gas zone. Gas zone is a very permeable zone. The oil zone is a little less, but again, of course you're getting a little more money for the going on a BOE basis than you get for gas. So, it probably will turn out to be more economic to drill oil wells right now than the gas wells. But the gas wells are very prolific as you can see. We could probably lose the production in the gas wells even further from existing wells if we let it  if we open it up further.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company International: Sure. Can I pin you down on number in terms of barrels per day from an oil well in that area?
Bill Albrecht: It varies considerably. We have some things that are making several thousand a day of oil, some wells that are less productive. So, few hundred barrels a day. So that's a fair amount of variation between well. And actually be a focusing on it over the next couple quarters so we can figure out what the better part are. It's a little more complicated than the gas zone, which is fairly easy to engineer.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company International: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Jacobs with Tudor Pickering Holt.
Mike Jacobs  Tudor Pickering Holt: Good morning everyone.
Ray Irani: Good morning.
Mike Jacobs  Tudor Pickering Holt: Just wanted to follow up on the last line of questions on the Kern County. Last quarter you disclosed the resource estimate of 150 million barrels to 250 million barrels from six wells. And as you have delineated the field with four additional wells, how big do you think the resource could be today?
Steve Jason: I dont want to go into reengineering every quarter. You got the wrong conference call I think. So, I think we will hold with this range for now and will update you as the rest of the year progresses.
Mike Jacobs  Tudor Pickering Holt: And as you continue to step out are you seeing pretty consistent well productivity or results tapering off a bit?
Steve Jason: The gas well is continuing to perform  the gas condensate wells continue to perform extremely well. And so we dont see any tapering there. Oil, a little more variable, but that was well built into our models. So I don't see any reason to monkey with the estimates at this point.
Mike Jacobs  Tudor Pickering Holt: And just moving to the Permian, over the last couple of quarters to spent less and less capital, but this quarter you saw a sequential uptick in production. I doing anything differently in the Permian or have you been able to selectively add producing properties over the last six months?
Steve Jason: Weve added some properties. Capital has been deployed little more efficiently. So I think we're getting clearly more bang for our buck. And I think some of this you are seeing is a result of last years program, its started flowing through. So I think you've got a more selective investment this year, a little bit of acquisitions, and something from last year. Bill might add some more color.
Bill Albrecht: One other thing I would like to add to that this, we've increased of a CO2 purchases by about 100 million a day or so and we are starting to see some additional response from our increased CO2 injections.
Mike Jacobs  Tudor Pickering Holt: Its good color. Thank you. Just one last follow, when you talked earlier, Steve, about making further acquisitions, is that also in the Permian or can you give us a little bit of context where?
Steve Jason: There are some deals that weve agreed to and some that are still in the advanced tighter kicking phase. So there is no real call at this point. We just want to lurch into fact that the activity had picked up, and thats in our traditional areas. So its basically would be California and the Permian.
Mike Jacobs  Tudor Pickering Holt: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your question comes from Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, good morning.
Steve Jason: Good morning.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities: Youve got a few things here that increase your volumes outlook, I guess. And ask you a couple of the specifics about the Middle East and then a more general one. The specifics you said, I think 30,000 a day in Bahrain to 100,000, but didn't give the timeframe. And then you also mentioned Iraq to 1 million gross over the next six years. I wondered when you expected the first oil there. And the one item, more general question is will you be upgrading your volume forecast. I think you're up 5% to 8% guidance. I wondered if there was output pressure on those numbers based on what you are saying today.
Ray Irani: Lets start one by one. With regards to Bahrain, you will see production next year starting in January, actually. So there will be production showing up from Bahrain in 2010 and increasing over time as we develop the fields. So thats one. With regards to the Iraq development, it is going to be in fast track. We haven't it signed the agreement totally. So we have to get the agreement button-down. The agreement has to be approved by the Council of Ministers and then by Parliament. While we don't expect in any of those a problem, but you know, when you're dealing with any kind of government, particularly in a place like Iraq we can't predict what exactly is going to happen. We are anxious to move ahead. They need the money oversimplified because the US cannot just keep banking the Iraqi government, either their social programs or in their defense and security agencies. So we talked about over the next six years, because we didn't want to get into, yet predicting quarter by quarter what's going to happen. So I doubt that you're going to see any meaningful production out of here showing up on OXY next year. But I think in 2011, you'll start seeing and it will build up.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. And then the overall one target, I believe this 5% to 8% gross 
Steve Jason: I think we will stay with the 5% to 8% overall target for now. We will, as we develop, our plans to the next couple years we will update you probably the next quarter as to where we think we are going next couple of years.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. And then my second, if I could, just wondering about Phibro, how is that going to appear in the earnings? Is it going to be that the realization? Is it going to be better realizations? Is it going to be corporate and other?
Steve Jason: No, its going to go in midstream.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities: So it will be hidden within the midstream results?
Steve Jason: I think that that is not probably the right word placed in there. It is the same  there is a fair amount of volatility in midstream already. But it's certainly not a corporate and other item.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities: Do you have a guesstimate as to what we should be putting in a quarterly basis?
Steve Jason: You know, if I were  without being  I really don't know. But I would put in sort of $100 million after-tax per year.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities: Per year?
Steve Jason: Yes.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay.
Steve Jason: There is going to be more quarterly volatility, but that segment already has got its share.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities: And I guess the guidance or least the fact of what they've earned over past five years was more like  and I think it was 375 million.
Steve Jason: I'm not really predicting it. I'm just saying that if I were in your shoes what number would I put in there is sort of a safe number.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities:
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Just a follow-up on Iraq. I believe you said $4.2 billion barrels opportunity. Give an estimated CapEx, either gross or net, to get those reserves.
Ray Irani: Well, first of all, this is a production sharing agreement, Arjun. And if you look over the life of the contract you know, you get large numbers. The way the contract is, which I don't want to go into great detail, the good feature on cost recovery in the beginning of the contract. So after the exposure in terms of risk capital is fairly limited. And as we said, it's a multi-phase project. So we will be learning as we go on. But it does have a good cost recovery in it, and most important I can tell you that the project, we believe, we meet our hurdle rate in terms of rate of return. Anyway you want to look at it  return on capital employed. Iraq as we have said before, is a huge basin. We've got one of the most productive fields. Few companies mostly larger than us are in there. BP, as you know, they are in. There are others vying for West Qurna. And we feel that our participation in Iraq will be useful and profitable for the company and its shareholders long-term.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Dr. Irani, thank you for the color. It is an existing producing field, as you mentioned, and the cost recovery in a production sharing contract, that's very interesting that this has that. I assume because it is producing, you would get to initially get some production and cash flow, unlike many fields where you have to wait four or five years for the CapEx to be spent on the production to come on. And I assume, its the increment over what it is producing now.
Ray Irani: You get the cost recovery from production above the current production. You can't take something that's producing already. But the fact is, I mean, when we say over 4.2 billion barrels in total we believe that is more and that our love opportunities, I mean this is the heart of the oil fields in Iraq, close to exports. It's right next to the Southern Oil Company, which is currently doing most of the production and operated by the Iraqis. It would be cooperating with that and the cost recovery feature and the tax rate, which has been improved, makes this project attractive. Just the reserves and the opportunities long-term our overwhelming and we see that we will participate without undue risk.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Thats really helpful. If I can try to find one, youve already have been very helpful, and I appreciate it. The press will widely report that companies will get paid two or somewhere around $2 a barrel, should we think of that as more  the profit oil type per barrel metric and there's a cost recover measure, or is that just mixing up a whole bunch of terms.
Ray Irani: I really don't want to get into the details of all of that. Clearly we know what we are negotiating from. All I want to share with you, the project will meet our hurdle rate for projects overseas.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Thats really helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate with Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Good morning, everybody.
Steve Jason: Merrill Lynch?
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Yes, its hard to keep up with nowadays.
Steve Jason: Yes, its hard, you have to send me a schedule.
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Couple questions, Steve. Im going to kick off with a right, just a follow-on from margin, if I may. The CapEx budget thats been talked about, $10 billion in the first six years is what Eni is talking about? You havent said what your share of that's likely to be. Can you give us an idea?
Steve Jason:
 :
Ray Irani:
.:
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: So maybe dollar is going to be part of this project as well Dr. Ray?
Ray Irani: Pardon me.
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Maybe dollar is going to be involved in this project as well.
Ray Irani: Yes, we have had discussions with Abu Dhabi, and its too early to put color on it. But Abu Dhabi said they will take any percentage that we would be willing to share with them.
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Great.
Ray Irani:
 :
 :
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: If I could jump over the California  in the last conference call you suggested, Steve, that you hadn't yet seen any decline rate on the wells. Is that still the case?
Steve Jason: Yes.
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch:
 :
Steve Jason: Thats right.
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Can we take from that, and you've also said its outside of Kern County, or the existing discovery, rather. Can we take from that, then there are already additional discoveries over and above the 150 out of 250 range that you have given us?
Steve Jason: Yes.
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Okay. Just wanted to check, and finally 
Steve Jason: We write these things deliberately. I know it looks random.
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch:
 :
Steve Jason: We cannot really. It still early on them. They're clearly not the magnitude of this and so we're announcing 10 million barrel discovery. So I think we will put off doing that until later.
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch:
 :
Ray Irani: Bahrain you are talking about?
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Ray Irani: You will be happy to know that I have to go to the Formula One races in Abu Dhabi at the end of the month, end of next week, the King of Bahrain will be there, the crown prince, of course all the interested people in Formula One will be there from the region. But the returns in Bahrain are attractive. Again, as you would recall, the partners OXY 48%, Mubadala Abu Dhabi, 32%, government of Bahrain is 20%. Production sharing agreement fees for current production, PSA for production above the current production, I'm telling you that their terms will be a factor.
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thats a tremendous 
Steve Jason:
 :
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right.
Steve Jason: The way I would look at it as a return on investment for now.
Doug Leggate  Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thats very clear. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pavel with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James: Thanks very much. You mentioned several hundred million dollars of property acquisitions for Q4. Can you talk about what geographies are? And secondly, have you signed any agreements or are you just anticipating closing those deals down the road?
Steve Jason: I think we said earlier that they're in the traditional areas in the United States, so it will be California and the Permian would be normally where we brought. I think some of them have been agreed to and others are in the advanced tire kicking phase, so thats why we didnt say exactly where it was. I said it was a range. So 
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James: Thank you for that. And can you mentioned, is this currently producing properties or is it undeveloped acreage.
Steve Jason: Generally we buy things that are combinations, in other words, they have production and other opportunities on. We are not just interested in buying just production.
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup: Good morning.
Steve Jason: Good morning.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup: Wonder if you can give us an update on your activities in Libya, some of the drilling activities you have going on over there. Are you still continuing to invest capital there or is that going to slow down a little bit?
Steve Jason: Sandy, why dont you  the exploration program  I'll do the exploration and Sandy can talk about the development activities. In exploration, we are in the seismic phase now. Not much drilling. We expect to pick up the drilling at the end  early in the next year. So exploration activities are really in defining prospects. Sandy can talk about the development activities.
Sandy Lowe: Yes, thank you. Steve. At the moment, we are still in the process of having our development plans negotiated and approved. So we expect to have that in the middle of next year. As Steve points, most of the activity at the moment is getting ready for next exploration.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup: Got you. And then just you also talked about wrapping up I guess in the Piceance Basin next year. Can you talk about the economics you are seeing there? Are you looking at the forward curve or you are looking at kind of lower cost structures in that basin?
Steve Jason: Well, we are going to complete the wells that we already drilled and they'll be on early next year. Based on the current, call it the forward curve, if you will, we would probably take one rig up early next year and begin actually drilling wells early next year. If the curve holds, we'll put a second well, second rig to work in the middle next year. So we think that while we're not as buoyant as some about gas, what gas prices, the gas market, the current curve would allow us to drill profitably in the Piceance. We reduced costs considerably in the last few months as we've been down so we worked on that to see if we can get our operating cost down. I think weve been successful with that. Our drilling costs have come down with more efficient rigs that we have there. So I think we are in pretty good shape, but obviously $4 gas is not a  doesn't work at $4 gas but as we pass $5 and get to $6, I think we're excited about the opportunities there. It should be a fair amount of production next year.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup: Okay. Great. And then just on the California for a second, you said the current discoveries in Kern County are not producing below a current zone that you are producing out of. Can you remind us what the lowest producing zone is in terms of depth?
Steve Jason: (inaudible) 7,000 to 8,000 feet.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup: Great. Thanks. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Terreson of ISI Group.
Doug Terreson  ISI Group: Hi guys. How are you?
Steve Jason: Nice to hear from your again.
Doug Terreson  ISI Group: Well, thank you. Good to hear from you too. So I just had a couple of questions on Bahrain. First, whether or not $1.5 billion of gross investment is still the relevant figure? And I might have missed; I think that Ray mentioned what he thought production might be and timing so if you could just repeat that if he's already said it, I would appreciate it.
Steve Jason: The investment numbers we gave you are still right.
Doug Terreson  ISI Group: Okay, good.
Steve Jason:
 :
 :
 :
Ray Irani: We can have huge numbers if you look, but we're trying to give you the first five years because clearly doing that kind of time periods and when we talk about Iraq, whatever investments we make we will turn cash positive during that period. And so 
Steve Jason: In Bahrain?
Ray Irani: Yes.
Steve Jason: So, I think on that we havent really given the details of the production growth because we havent started yet. So I think we would give Sandy just a little time to figure those out.
Doug Terreson  ISI Group:
 :
Steve Jason: Thank you. Good to hear from you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Monroe Helm of CM Energy Partners.
Monroe Helm  CM Energy Partners: My questions on Iraq have pretty much been answered. Maybe you could tell us what you think were the advantages you brought to the party that got you a position in Iraq relative to the other competition.
Ray Irani: Ours is a very strong position in the Middle East, you know, if you fly to Baghdad, which I did recently you can see it doesnt take long to fly from Baghdad to Oman or Abu Dhabi or any of those other places. We have a strong position. We have performed in every country we have taken and so very strong operational record that we have. Sandy who is on the phone with me has done a fantastic job. The Iraqis are very interested in having a production increase fast, of course that depends on the security situation and many other things. So, frankly, it's just our record in the region.
Steve Jason: We are in the enhanced oil recovery business. That's sort of what we do. So as far as the project itself is concerned putting aside anything else this is sort of what we do. We say we are in the Middle East, we say we dont take exploration risks. There is no exploration risk. We do, say we take engineering risk, which is to say  we think it is going to cost $100, it can cost $200. But we think this is manageable there. So it is sort of what we do. And it is a big opportunity over time and I think the exposure here is modest for the company. And if it craters exposure is pretty low. So I think if you just viewed it as exploration it would be an attractive risk return ratio.
Monroe Helm  CM Energy Partners: All right. Just following up on that real quick, all the ownership interests haven't been determined, has the operatorship been determined and how do you anticipate working with these other companies since you pay better than the rest.
Steve Jason:
 :
Sandy Lowe: The joint venture agreement has not been finally negotiated yet. But we are in the  Eni is the leader of the consortium and the Iraqi South Oil Company is involved heavily. And we are actually meeting next week to finalize the joint operating agreement. We have joint operating agreements in Bahrain. We have it with Dolphin. And we have multiple partners in Oman. So, this is I think new for us and we are very actively cooperative partner. And we expect to be serving Iraq.
Monroe Helm  CM Energy Partners: Okay. Thanks for your answers.
Steve Jason: Thanks, Monroe.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And your next question comes from Bob Morse [ph] of Citigroup.
Bob Morse  Citigroup: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Jason: Good morning.
Bob Morse  Citigroup: Question on  are you active there now?
Steve Jason: Are you active there now?
Bob Morris  Citigroup: Well, we're getting active. I've got a pulse, so not have the coverage.
Ray Irani: I know you still had a pulse.
Bob Morris  Citigroup: In Kern County, how many rigs are you running in that discovery area that have drilled those 10 well?
Steve Jason: Bill Albrecht?
Bill Albrecht: Thanks, Steve. Right now we're running two.
Bob Morris  Citigroup: Two rigs?
Bill Albrecht: Two rig.
Steve Jason: For this kind of drilling.
Bob Morris  Citigroup: Okay and I know you said that going forward you would focus on the oil shales. But 
Steve Chazen: No, no, not the oil shales. Oil zone. You can view the production there as in three pieces at this point. An oil zone, a gas condensate zone, and then the shales. We are not talking about the shales because compared to the rest, it's  while it's real nice, compared to the rest it doesn't have the kind of impact. So classic oil zone, a gas  classic actually gas condensate zone, and the shales.
Bob Morris  Citigroup: Okay. And in focusing on the oil zone, you've had pretty robust production from the gas zones, you mentioned economics on those economics on those nice quarter. Is there any reason why you wouldn't dedicate one of those rigs or add another rig to continue to drill on the gas zone given the strong economics there?
Steve Chazen: We're drilling another gas well, as we look to extend the size of the field, the aerial extent that we believe is there. The oil is really  we know the gas is there, so the oil is really more profitable right now. And there's no hurry. The gas isn't really going anywhere.
Bob Morris  Citigroup: Okay.
Steve Chazen: Is been there for millennia, so I suspect it will last for another six months. The wells are draining  are pulling a sizable area without any decline. So we are really in not in any real hurry on the gas. But we are continuing to build out that  the gas zone to see how big it is. We need to figure out how big a plant to build.
Bob Morris  Citigroup: Right. So you plan on just maintaining the two rig programs for now?
Steve Chazen: Maybe. We may add a third rig.
Bob Morris  Citigroup: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wheeler of AllianceBernstein.
David Wheeler  AllianceBernstein: Good morning.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
David Wheeler  AllianceBernstein: I just wanted to follow up on the California. I recognize that the conventional discoveries are the priority near term. But I wanted to get a little bit more color on the shale zone. Have you over the past three quarters drilling become more positive regarding the prospectivity of that play? It sounds like you may, given some of the comments on the slides. What economics  or what oil price is required to make the shale play out there viable?
Steve Chazen: I dont think it has really changed. We've always been pretty positive. The drilling results sit well with our models. So I dont think so. I dont think  we've always been fairly bullish about it. So I don't  initially that's why we went into the big acreage position was really for the shales. What oil price, I don't really know, $25.
Ray Irani: Certainly at current prices. Its very profitable.
Steve Chazen: It doesn't cost that much to drill and they are reasonably productive. It's is hard to say what the exact oil price is. Remember, most of this, there is no royalty either. So you wind up with pretty good economics. So I mean, I wouldn't worry about us losing some for price. But I think that it's just a matter of how fast you want to develop it. And also, looking out for acreage position to make sure we acquired everything that we need to acquire as we go.
David Wheeler  AllianceBernstein: Okay. And on the conventional play, you mentioned that some of the additional discoveries have been smaller. Are there  I guess it's hard to identify prospects on seismic in this play, but do you anticipate drilling any larger prospects?
Steve Chazen: Just takes a while to clear, to get your permits and that sort of thing because we didn't really start the permitting process until recently. It just takes longer to get ready. So there really isn't any real order to it. We're looking for more of this, and we will continue to do that. And we'll drill them when we get the permits, we're ready to go. We don't want to talk about a well being drilled in the fourth quarter, and call next quarter saying how was the well.
David Wheeler  AllianceBernstein: Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kate Lucas of Collins Stewart.
Kate Lucas  Collins Stewart: Hi, good morning.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Kate Lucas  Collins Stewart: I just have a quick question about Libya, just following up. You mentioned that currently your development plans are still being approved. And I am wondering as you think about your overall position in Libya, are you comfortable with your current position as it is? Or if an opportunity came up to grow your presence via acquisition, would that be something you would entertain as well.
Ray Irani: No, we're not looking for acquisitions in Libya. And as we have said, the development portion of it has been slower than expected, because the government has not been speedy in its allocating resources to the whole oil sector.
Steve Chazen: Its very difficult to acquire in Libya.
Kate Lucas  Collins Stewart: Okay.
Steve Chazen: I mean, if you even thought about it, remember, they went through this thing with the Canadian Company, so it's not like buying stuff in West Texas, by any stretch of the imagination.
Kate Lucas  Collins Stewart: Okay. Great. And then if I could just quickly, as a point of clarification  the increase to your CapEx budget, and then the several hundred millions of acquisitions expected in the fourth quarter. The acquisitions are increment to the increase in CapEx, is that correct?
Steve Chazen: Yes, CapEx is drilling in that sort of activity acquisition. Acquisitions are acquisitions.
Kate Lucas  Collins Stewart: Great. Okay. Thanks very much.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And you have a follow up question from Monroe Helm of CM Energy Partners.
Monroe Helm  CM Energy Partners: I apologize if you've already addressed this, because I got on the call a little bit late and I havent seen the slides.
Steve Chazen: I hope you don't give me the cold.
Monroe Helm  CM Energy Partners: Could you talk a little bit about the strategy behind acquiring Phibro. Are you going to utilize them to get more aggressive in hedging your own production? Or I know you bought it on the cheap, but what's really the  what really do you hope it to do for your company going forward. What's the main attraction?
Steve Chazen: I think there are two attractions. One it's obviously very profitable business. We like profits. The second point is that we're not going to hedge. Our base  our current production is essentially unhedged and will stay that way. They're not really hedgers, actually. Never goes short so I don't know how you would be a hedger without ever going short. So I think what he does is looks for opportunities to trade, to gain advantages. He's a fundamentalist, looks for opportunities to make small gains or even large gains. Its going to be a standalone operation for quite a while, until we figure out, to see how it goes. They do have a superb reputation, especially in the Middle East. And so we see opportunities there to make  to use their name and their skills to help us get more business there and thats really the  if you want to think of the strategic part of it, that's it. That's going to take a while. We've got a lot of calls from people in the Middle East that are interested in meeting with them, and talking about trading. Remember, they're sort of an independent trader unlike a BP or something which uses the oil. So I think it will put some advantages, but it's basically for the money.
Monroe Helm  CM Energy Partners: Okay. Thanks again for your answers and congratulations on the Iraqi deal.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Caruso of Millennium Partners.
Mark Caruso  Millennium Partners: Goods afternoon, guys. Just a quick clarification. Did I miss the  did you quantify the actual dollar amount for the property acquisitions.
Steve Chazen: No. We said several hundred million dollars.
Mark Caruso  Millennium Partners: Okay. The second, is another large company in the space has talked having some packages available. Some stuff is in your backyard. And there's also some other projects in the Middle East, and I just didn't know if there is something that would interest you, or you guys are going to stick with sort of the core area as you sort of look around?
Steve Chazen: We look at lots of things, practically everything. And so you should expect that we'll stay with our core area, and not do something out of the core areas. But we look at lots of things and whether they have packages in the Permian, certainly looking at a Permian or California packages, if there was a package that worked for us in Iraq we might look at that. We look at lots of stuff to get some idea in the market. I don't think I would read much into all that.
Mark Caruso  Millennium Partners: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there are no further questions. Mr. Stavros, are there any closing remarks?
Chris Stavros: Thank you all for joining us on the call this morning, and if you have any follow up questions, please call us in New York. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Chris Stavros - VP, IR Dr. Ray Irani - Chairman and CEO Steve Chazen - President and CFO Will Albrecht - President of US Oil and Gas Sandy Lowe - President of Oil and Gas International Operations
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Howard Weil Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering & Co. Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Faisel Khan - Citigroup Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Pavel - Raymond James Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners Borden Putnam - Mione Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the second quarter 2009 Occidental earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chris Stavros, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Chris Stavros: Thank you, Paula, and good morning, everyone. Id like to welcome you to Occidentals second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles, are Dr. Ray Irani, OXYs Chairman and CEO; Steve Chazen, our President and CFO; Bill Albrecht, President of our US Oil and Gas Operations; and Sandy Lowe, President of OXYs International Oil and Gas Business. In just a moment, Ill turn the call over to Dr. Irani for some opening remarks regarding the exciting announcement we made yesterday surrounding the significant oil and gas discovery in California. Steve Chazen will then review our second quarter and six months 2009 financial results, and also provide some additional details of this discovery in California as well as our California exploration program. Our second quarter earnings press release; investor relations supplemental schedules; and, the conference call presentation slides, which refer to Steves remarks, can be downloaded off of our Web site at www.oxy.com. And Ill now pass the call over to Dr. Irani. Dr. Irani, please go ahead.
Dr. Ray Irani: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And thank you for joining us today. After yesterdays market closed, we announced a significant discovery of oil and gas reserves in Kern County, California. We believe it to be the largest, new oil and gas discovery made in the States in more than 35 years. This new field discovery within the outlying area of the fixed wells we have built to date contains 150 million to 250 million gross barrel equivalents of oil and gas reserves. We believe it to be probable that there are additional reserves outside the outlined area. Mr. Steve Chazen will give you more details about this exciting program later on. Its also possible that there are similar accumulations elsewhere in OXYs 1.1 million acre net lease hold and fee mineral holdings in California. But let me share with you how we got to our current exciting and rewarding position. OXY has been a California oil and gas producer for more than 50 years. Our most significant expansion was in 1998 with our acquisition of the Elk Hills field from the US Government. When Elk Hills was acquired by OXY in 1998, it had approximately 425 million BOE of proven reserves. Since then it has produced more than 364 million BOE. Yet, as a result of the technology applied by OXY over the past 11 years, we have actually been able to increase its crude reserves to more than 491 million BOE today, after all the production I mentioned earlier. So the total production of crude reserves since OXY acquired the Elk Hills field is approximately 1 billion BOE. In the years immediately following the Elk Hills acquisition, we purchased THUMS, our operation in Long Beach Harbor, followed by our acquisition of a number of additional California properties. Those include oil and gas assets from Vintage Petroleum, plains, tide lands in Long Beach near THUMS, as well as other properties. OXYs current combined California assets include more than 7,500 active wells located in 90 fields spanning 600 miles. They are currently producing about 130,000 BOE per day, 70% of which is oil, and at year end 2008, had approximately 708 million BOE of proven reserves. California represents approximately 20% of OXYs worldwide production. OXYs currently the third largest oil producer in California and the largest natural gas producer. We see additional potential in our California holdings by our applying current technologies and the newest thinking to exploration and production. We have invested in California exploration accordingly and we expect this activity to continue for the next five to ten years. OXYs California and US exploration production program is part of an overall effort to build a pipeline of growth projects in keeping with our long term strategy for increasing stockholder value. In addition, we continue to grow in our other core regions. OXYs presence and production in the Middle East, currently producing about 186,000 BOEs per day, net to us, or 29% of our total worldwide production, continues to expand. In recent months, we have signed new agreements in Bahrain, in Abu Dhabi, and Oman, where we have an agreement to develop four gas fields in the newly formed contract area in Oman. First production of those assets is expected in the near future. Also in Oman, production of the Mukhaizna oil fields, where we have a large-scale field pipe project, is meeting its targets and growing. We are on pace to achieve an exit rate of 80,000 barrels per day at the close of 2009. Ill now turn the call over to Steve Chazen to give you our second quarter financial results and other details.
Steve Chazen: Thank you, Ray. Net income was $682 million to the second quarter of 2009 compared to $2.3 billion in the second quarter of last year. Heres a segment breakdown to the second quarter. Oil and gas second quarter 2009 segment earnings were $1.1 billion compared to $3.8 billion for second quarter of 2008. $2.7 billion decrease to the second quarter of 2009 earnings was due to lower crude oil and natural gas prices and higher DDNA rates, partially offset by higher sales volumes and lower operating expenses. Occidentals average realized crude oil price in 2009 second quarter was $52.97 per barrel, a decrease of 52% from the $110.12 per barrel in the comparable period of last year. OXYs domestic average realized gas price for the quarter was $2.87 per MCF compared to $9.99 per MCF in second quarter of last year. Worldwide oil and gas sales volumes the second quarter of 2009 was 649,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of 10% compared to the 588,000 barrels a day in second quarter of last year. The increase includes 20,000 BOE a day from Dolphin, 18,000 BOE a day from Argentina, 17,000 BOE a day from Oman, and 12,000 BOE a day from domestic operations, partially offset by 19,000 BOE a day from Libya. The Argentina increase includes 8,000 BOE from new production coming on line, and the effect of 15,000 BOE a day for production losses due to a strike in the second quarter of 2008. Partially offset by a 5,000 BOE per day loss from the strike in June of this year. Dolphins increase reflects higher cost recovery volumes in the second quarter of 2009 resulting from a catch-up of unrecovered volumes in first quarter of 2009. Substantially, all the domestic volume increase, the Mid-continent, Rockies, and Permian was attributable to 2008 acquisitions. California production increased as a result of new wells. Compared to the first quarter of 2009, Long Beach production decreased by 6,000 BOE a day due to its contract that is similar to a production sharing contract. The Middle East and North Africa included higher production in Oman and Dolphin, and higher production sharing volumes, compared to last years second quarter. Compared to the first quarter of 2009, production sharing volumes decreased by 14,000 BOE a day. Exploration expenses $54 million in the quarter, in line with our guidance of $60 million. Oil and gas cash production cost, excluding production in property taxes were $10.32 a barrel for the first six months of 2009, a 15% decline from last years 12-month cost of $12.13 a barrel. The second quarter of 2009 oil and gas cash production cost declined to $10.17 per BOE compared to the first quarter 2009 run rate of $10.48 per BOE. This declines are due to lower work over, maintenance and utilities cost, and for changes from the prior year, the effect of higher production sharing volumes. The lower cost reflects our continued cost reduction efforts. Taxes of the non-income were $1.76 per barrel for the first six months of 2009 compared to $2.62 per barrel for all of 2008. These costs, which sensitive to product prices, reflect lower crude oil and gas prices in the first half of 2009. The second quarter of 2009, these taxes increased to $1.82 per BOE compared to the first quarter rate of $1.71 per BOE due to higher crude oil prices. Chemical segment earnings in the second quarter of 2009 were $115 million, compared to our guidance of $100 million. Higher earnings were attributable primarily to higher than expected chlorine pricing. Chemicals earned $144 million in last years second quarter. Mid-stream segment earnings in the second quarter of 2009 were $63 million, compared to $161 million in second quarter of 2008. Decline in earnings was due to the lower NGL realized prices in the gas processing business, lower earnings in crude oil marketing, and reduced margins in the power generation business. Worldwide effective tax rate was 40% second quarter compared with our guidance of 43%. The decrease in rate reflects a higher proportion expected full year domestic source of pre-tax income. Let me now turn to OXYs performance in the first six months. Net income was $1 billion for the first six months, compared to $4.1 billion from last years numbers. Capital spending for the second quarter 2009 was $831 million and $1.9 billion for the first six months. We currently anticipate total year 2009 capital spending to be at $3.6 billion, a $100 million increase from our last estimate is mostly allocated to foreign oil and gas locations. Cash flow from operations for the six months of 2009 was $2.2 billion. We used $2.4 billion of the companys cash flow to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions and signing bonuses, payments in Libya and Oman, and $520 million to pay dividends. In the second quarter, we issued $750 million of foreign rate senior notes due in 2016, with net proceeds from the offering of $740 million. The cash balance at June 30 was $1.8 billion. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the six months were $810.8 million. The weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $813.7 million. As we look ahead in the current quarter, we expect oil and gas sales volumes to be similar to the second quarter levels at about current oil prices. The third quarter production expected to reflect decreases from Mid-continent, Rockies due to natural declines, and Dolphin, due to its production sharing contract, offset by increases in California, Argentina, and Oman. With regard to current prices, the current market price is $1 per barrel change in oil prices, impacts oil and gas quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $39 million. The average second quarter WTI oil price is $59.62. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices has a $20 million impact in quarterly earnings before income taxes. Our current NYMEX gas price is around $3.70. Prices in California are currently about $3.50, in the Permian around $3.30, and in the Rockies around $3.00 Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $50 million for seismic and drilling for exploration programs. The chemical segment the second half of the year looks exceptionally weak. Weakness in caustic soda is not being offset by chlorine price increases resulting in declines in margins. The fourth quarter is traditionally the weakest for this business and we expect it to be about a breakeven. We expect the third quarter chemical earnings to fall at least 50% from the second quarter levels. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the third quarter of 2009 to be in the 40% to 42% rate depending on the split between domestic and foreign-sourced income. Our second quarter US foreign tax rates are included in the investor relations schedule. California exploration is our next topic. Excluding the Kern County discovery discussed in yesterday's press release, in the course of a little over a year, we have drilled 34 exploration wells seeking non-traditional hydrocarbon bearing zones in California. Of these wells, nine are commercial and 16 are currently being evaluated. We expect to drill an additional eight exploration wells in this year. OXY holds $1.1 million acres net of fee in acreage in leasehold in California, which had been acquired in the last few years to exploit these opportunities. Discoveries similar to the Kern County discovery are possible in this net acre position. Additionally, we continue to pursue shale production which is expected to produce oil on this acreage. As we announced yesterday, we made a significant conventional, that is non-shale, without stimulation discovery in Kern County, California. We believe that there are between a 150 million and 250 million gross BOE of reserves within the small producing area delineated by the six wells drilled to date. The discovery areas multiple producing zones with aerial geologic extent still being defined consists of both conventional oil and conventional gas bearing zones. It is probable that there are additional reserves outside the currently defined area as the field limits have not yet been seen. This is a classic oil and gas field with large bay zones with high permeabilities. It is most similar to deep water discovery and bears no relationship at all to the so called resource plays. In the Kern County discovery area, we are currently producing from the six wells approximately 74 million cubic feet of gas and 5,000 barrels of liquids per day, which is more than double the BOE production we disclosed last quarter. All of these productions come from conventional zones. While there will be production from shale zones in this area, the bulk of the future production will come from conventional wells. During 2009 we expect to drill an additional 17 wells. The wells in this area cost about $3.5 million to $4 million to drill and complete, and have pay out periods of less than six months. The combined finding, development, and lifting costs are expected to be significantly less than $10 of BOE. We will also need to expand our 400 million cubic feet per day gas processing bed plant in Elk Hills to accommodate the expected production from this Kern County discovery. Our overall working and revenue interest in this discovery is about 80%. No additional details will be provided at this time. We expect to update the production information next quarter. Copies of our press release can be found on our Web site or through the Edgar system. And now we are ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Howard Weil.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Steve, looks like a fairly clean quarter in the earnings, so if you don't mind I'm going to focus my questions on California. Couple of things, first of all you've been very clear that this is conventional production. That to me would suggest decline rates are more in the 10% to 15% kind of range, just taking a stab as opposed to the shale 60% to 80% type of numbers. If that is reasonable, then based from your initial production, the production rates that you're telling us from these wells, is it reasonable to think that you're looking at something like 6 million barrels in that range, over the life of the field from each of these wells? What I'm trying to get to is what's it going to take to develop these things in terms of capital costs?
Steve Chazen: Well, thats a lot of questions in few words. We actually don't know what the decline rate is since -- the issue inside the field is the recovery rate, recovery factors. So we don't actually -- if the range we're showing you is not that we don't understand the rock volume, but we don't actually know what the recovery factors are. There is no good analogy that we can come up with that looks like this field anywhere in the lower 48. So we have not seen any declined to this point. We're low to estimate what the decline might be. Obviously, all wells decline. If you have multiple zones, we have to develop each zone separately. So you'll have drilling in each of the zones and production from each of the zones. So we try to indicate the well cost and the result in finding development costs. But the development program which is still at work is going to be more complicated because each of the zones left will develop separately. We can't give you better guidance because we just plain don't know at this point. Obviously, this is a very large field and test results that support the size of the field.
Dr. Ray Irani: But the development of the field will be well within our financial capability in general.  
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Sure. I guess getting to the bottom line, what I'm trying to identify here is you talked about total costs below $10. I am taking a stab here in saying that if these are conventional wells, you're saying no decline, some probably will be a little bit conservative at least in the early days. I'm guessing your F&D costs could be under a $1. Is that ridiculous or is that not a bad place--
Steve Chazen: I don't think that we want to comment on what it might be. But obviously, with this kind of find your future development cost are going to be very, very low.  
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: All right.
Steve Chazen: And the operating cost of these flow rates it' going to be pretty modest.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Okay.
Steve Chazen: Were pretty safe with the $10 -- I think I said significantly below $10 actually.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Should we look a little higher, Steve?
Steve Chazen: I don't know. You can always hope. We're still in the early days and I'm sure we'll have some disappointments over the next two or three years as we try to extend the field. Maybe I built in some dry holes ultimately and thinner zones. Its plenty good enough with the pen and you want to use a lower number. One would be hard pressed to argue about that for very long.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Okay. Let me try two quick follow-ups and Ill let someone else jump on. First, obviously a lot of folks are trying to do, rightly or wrongly, trying to make some kind of analogy about acreage and all the rest of it. I just want to ask a real simple question. Cynthia [ph], I believe, presented to one of the local townships recently and talked about a 128,000 acres seismic program. Turned to square miles I believe that she talked about it. Is that related to this discovery or that something separate?
Steve Chazen: We have an ongoing exploration program in California. You wouldn't use seismic to look for shale wells.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Okay. So I'm guessing is this could only represent about a tenth of your entire acreage position? Is that fair?
Steve Chazen: Oh, no. The exploration seismic of this program is one thing. This discovery is much smaller.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Much smaller. Okay. Good. And finally, last one was just one production potential. I'm kind of thinking if I look at just using my numbers here, 30 wells, let's say over a period of time with these very limited decline rates, this could get up to 60,000 barrels a day. Is that an unrealistic number?
Steve Chazen: We actually don't want to get into production forecasting. But it's not all that complicated.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Okay. Got it. Ill let someone else jump on. Thanks a lot and congratulations.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael LaMotte of J.P. Morgan
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Thanks. Good morning, guys, and a nice clean quarter. Something the press release caught my eye and that was the California volumes, talking about the Long Beach arrangement. Could you elaborate on that a little bit?
Bill Albrecht: The Long Beach arrangement is -- it's just pretty much analogous to our production sharing contract. So obviously, as prices go up, net volumes go down and vice versa
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Okay. So that's not a new arrangement? I mean that's--?
Bill Albrecht: No, it's not.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: It's just the price effect. Okay. I just wanted to clarify that. All right.
Steve Chazen: It is influenced by how much you spend, though.
Bill Albrecht: Of course, in terms of cost recovery.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Steve, question for you on rigs and particularly the comment on the big Rocky volumes going into Q3. If I'd look at this correctly, gone from about 28 rigs in the lower 48, to I think just four currently running. Can you talk about the economics of lower 48 today in general? When you think you might be ramping back up and further risks to domestic volumes if you stay at less than 10 rigs through the rest of the year?
Steve Chazen: I think Bill can answer the rig question better than I can.
Bill Albrecht: Yes, Michael. We currently have 12 rigs running today
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: 12 rigs.
Bill Albrecht: Yes. We have 12 running
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Okay.
Bill Albrecht: But not in the Piceance.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then do you plan to stay in that level through the end of the year?
Bill Albrecht: We do. Yes.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Okay. In terms of volume degradation, is it fair to assume that the key to the Q3 pace is something that we could expect at 12 rigs to not accelerate as we move into Q4, Q1 if you stay around that level?
Bill Albrecht: Yes. As Steve reported, we're expecting our production volumes are to be relatively flat quarter-over-quarter.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Right. And in the next quarter overall? I'm just talking about the -- give and take in terms of the mix with Mid-con and Rockies down, I assume that that's where you're going to continue to see declines as you move forward
Steve Chazen: Yes. We'll continue to see the climb until we get the gas price in the Rockies that make sense. And based on our views of it, that's going to take a few quarters. Anytime we wanted to we just drill the wells and get the production of. But that doesn't make a lot of sense at $3.00.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Well, thats very good specs. My original questions Steve, can you talk about that? We havent seen prices like this since 02, 03, and you still had services costs anywhere between 04 and 06 levels. How do you see those converging over the next three quarters?
Steve Chazen: You ought to ask the service guys when they are going to cut their costs.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: You are talking to them everyday, right?
Steve Chazen: I think we're yelling at them everyday. I don't know.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Are we going to get there within a couple of quarters? Clearly we've got some break in the last six months, but--
Steve Chazen: I think over time they'll converge. I think everybody is still hoping for a sizeable increase in natural gas prices for the back half of the year. No sign of that mind you. But there's a lot of hope and maybe by the service companies too. But the costs are coming down nicely and so we would expect that wed get equilibrium here sometime next year. I think its going to be really tough this year. I think there's still a lot of drilling going on in hopes of a price rebound.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Okay. I'll turn it back. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Jacobs of Tudor Pickering & Co.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering & Co: Thank you, and good morning to you.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering & Co: High level question on California. We've talked about the Monterrey shale. Now we have a big discovery in a different conventional reservoir. Have you identified a new play concept in California that provides OXY and potential industry with a new core reserve and production growth engine?
Steve Chazen: Yes.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering & Co: How did the industry miss a gap to your conventional light oil play of this size?
Dr. Ray Irani: It's the same way they missed Elk Hills.
Steve Chazen: You can't really tell. California -- most of the acreage in California is controlled by a few parties, mineral acreage. And over the years, most of those parties shifted their focus out of the United States into other places, and they sent their best people to the things that they thought were more attractive. And thats I assume what happened. But this has been -- thats the advantage, when we talk about we want core areas and concentration. Its not just about that its easy to manage. Its also because so our people become more knowledgeable about the areas, could see things by working on them over a long period of time to generate better results. And this is the result of traditional geologic work. Its not some new technology, or geo-mystics, or satellite flying over. Its traditional geologic work by a handful of -- imagine the people that work for us. This is like geology years ago. Yes, it is a new play concept, obviously, which is why we are a little more or less transparent than you might like. And I think there is more for -- not just us but possibly for the others, if they choose to pursue it.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering & Co.: So what zones or reservoirs are you going to produce from?
Steve Chazen: Were not saying yet.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering & Co.: Can you give us an idea of depth?
Steve Chazen: Its deeper than the Elk Hills production.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering & Co.: Okay. And I guess just one last question, kind of thinking about California growth, reconciling your production from this new structure, and then thinking about Long Beach effects and youre at the 130,000 barrels equivalent a day now. Where do you think youll be a year from now in California production?
Steve Chazen: We dont know, almost surely more.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering & Co.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. On the Kern County conventional discovery, I realize its early going, but you alluded to additional opportunities. Do you expect it to generally be two-thirds gas going forward or is there the chance for a greater proportion of oil as you go forward? And is it in fact crude oil, or is it more natural gas liquids? Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Its not NGLs. Its condensate.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Condensate. Got you.
Steve Chazen: And so it looks like -- hard to say what it looks like. But you could imagine. Its very light and can easily be either blended or sold to refiners. So we are not talking about NGLs here at all. As far as whether it becomes oilier or not over time, well see as the drilling progresses. But theres clearly some more oil buried in zones that are available there that we really havent counted.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. In terms of the shale opportunity that sounds like its predominantly oil, youve probably drilled a number of wells, whats the timing in terms of having contents disclosed, some of the results there? And when we might hear more on the shale oil opportunities?
Steve Chazen: Thats going to take several years. Obviously, people have been diverted by this. This is much higher return and the acreage isnt going away, and the shale. So were drilling shale wells, well drill water shale wells in the next two or three years. But its pretty predictable, has a reasonably low finding cost, although not like this. And so, youll expect to see production growth over the next few years from that. But its wont be nearly as dramatic as this.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thats great. And then lastly, any update on how we should be thinking there for about US capital spending over the next few years and including 2009?
Steve Chazen: This year were sort of -- well live with what we have. We put aside in the beginning of the year a fair amount of money to fund this or something. And so, were using that. So were probably not going to increase to US this year very, very much. Therell be some increase next year, really to exploit this. Well have to expand the gas plant for one thing. Its not a dramatic change in our capital program, a very modest change in the capital program. Youre not going to see it. This is not a huge capital program. I doubt if the capital program will hit $4 billion next year.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thats very helpful. Thank you very much, Steve.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Good morning.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: I just want to clarify and make sure that the economics on the natural gas wells in California have to pay out in six months like you talked about. Was that separating the oil from the gas or was it all together?
Steve Chazen: Whatever that zone produces.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: So at current national gas prices, the pay out from the natural gas side of production is still six months?
Steve Chazen: From the zone that it produces, which contains condensate.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Got you. So its all coming altogether. Now theyre not --
Steve Chazen: Its not two zones.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Steve Chazen: Its really a gas condensate reservoir.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Understood. And then in terms of your confidence on the -- that there are probable additional reserves outside the defined area, you said that it wasnt really seismic that was helping you to get to that, your statement that it was something else. Is that just geological work or is there something else that Im missing?
Steve Chazen: Well, you can view it as a map. Youve got these six wells. You want to call it the circle, if you can. And so, when you estimate reserves, you draw -- you use the well data to draw the map. So what weve done is you can view it as drawing the circle around the six wells, with the well data as the primary guiding light. Obviously, if you haven't seen the limits of the field yet, you could envision that there might be one or two more locations or some other number beyond that limit. And we haven't counted that. And whether how much is there, we really cant tell because weve been pleasantly surprised so far.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, understood. Thanks for the time.
Steve Chazen:
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everyone.
Steve Chazen: Good Morning.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Steve, I dont know if I just missed this. You said the area at which six wells in Kern County are currently spread?
Steve Chazen: Im sorry. How big it is?
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes.
Steve Chazen: No. We said it was small.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: You said it was small. I think you kind of hinted--
Steve Chazen: Yes. I think if you go back to my analogy to an offshore -- to deep water discovery, itll give you a feel for size, aerial size.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: So why dont you just tell me?
Steve Chazen: What you see you feel for, because I dont actually know the numbers at this point.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Fair enough.
Steve Chazen: Its not hundreds of thousands of acres.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes. So youre basically saying its less than a hundred thousand, right? Its this kind of--
Steve Chazen: Much less.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Whats your intended expansion on the gas processing plant at Tedelco [ph]?
Steve Chazen: Its still in the engineering phase and were -- each well has been a positive surprise. So the potentials get bigger as we expand the -- as the wells keep coming in.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Could you remind me of the size of the plant right now and the--
Steve Chazen: Its about 400 a day.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Is it fully--
Steve Chazen: 400 million.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: If not fuller.
Steve Chazen: No. Well, its getting full.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Are there any major infrastructure issues surrounding the area in terms of either rig availability, off take? Anything else that we should be--
Steve Chazen: No.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Things like that?
Steve Chazen: No.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And the gas price is going to be -- is it more like Rockies rather than having a--
Steve Chazen: No. Its California price.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: So theres no--
Steve Chazen: Its the motor price for California thats published. Right now its about $3 on end.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Okay. I got you. And youre not going to change your outlook for volume growth at a corporate level? Just sticking with--
Steve Chazen: I think its pretty easy to do, to estimate this year since youve got two actuals and one estimate. So youre pretty clear youre going to be on the higher end on where we are for this year. And as we get near the end of this year well probably revise our outlook for next year on the production. You know were still -- you have something that doubles in three months our ability to forecast where it will exit the year, and what it will do next year is -- its got a pretty wide band around it.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Youre basically running -- you raising debt and running with cash on your balance sheet. Is that the plan going forward?
Steve Chazen: No. The debt was -- the Dolphin debt has been paid off this month. So theres $600 million in cash. Itll go out in $600 million of debt. Itll go down. So all we did was to pre-raise the money.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And did you intend to pile up a high level of cash? Strategic question, did you intend to continue to run at very low level of leverage, financial leverage?
Steve Chazen: Yes, we do.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay, Steve. Thanks very much, Ill leave it then. Thank you, gentlemen.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pavel [ph] with Raymond James.
Steve Chazen: Hello?
Pavel - Raymond James: Yes. As one of the many companies that bid in the Iraq licensing round about three weeks ago, can you give us your thoughts on the process and can you also tell us if you plan to participate in subsequent rounds in Iraq?
Dr. Ray Irani: Well, as we have said consistently, we do look at opportunities that come along but we do have financial discipline. We still like appropriate returns for the risks involved in being international. Clearly California is less risky than being in Iraq and so we do expect to get high returns. The group we were in were the best bids for the bare field. However the Iraqis felt that that number was too high for them. And so, yes. We will participate in future rounds. Well also participate in one-on-one negotiations. The consortium were formed already and others. But still, we must get a good return. So were not in love with just growing volumes. And I think thats been the history of the company and whats contributed to its success.
Pavel - Raymond James: Thats good. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Monroe Helm of CM Energy Partners.
Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners: Congratulations on the great quarter and the great discovery. Just two questions, Steve. Our recollection is when you bought Elk Hills for the theory was that it hadnt been exploited for a long period of time. That there could be deeper horizons that could be productive. And I was just wondering if you think its perspective for this discovery that you have in Kern, and whether or not youve tested that theory out at Elk Hills or plan to?
Steve Chazen: Thats the disadvantage of being around a long time. You remember all the little stories. We think its perspective at Elk Hills.
Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners: Okay. Terrific. When do you think we might test that prospective out? Would it be this year?
Steve Chazen: This year or next year. The lease isnt going away so itll be there a while.
Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners: Okay.
Steve Chazen: But as we develop -- as we figure out whats going on, were redefining. Were trying to figure out exactly how it works. It may not work the same under Elk Hills, but it does somewhere else. So we need to do some more works so we can minimize the dry holes if we can.
Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners: Okay. Second question has to do with your thoughts on the North American acquisition market at this point in time. Obviously oil prices have come back up and theres a number of independents that still have challenging balance sheets and may need to sell the oil reserves to focus on their gas activities. Im thinking that last couple of quarters, you said theres been a pretty big mismatch between the bid and ask. I was wondering if you could update us on your thoughts on that market right now and your interest in it.
Steve Chazen: Mostly its gas thats available rather than oil. Our gas prospects in -- we have a fair sized gas prospect that probably has a prettier economics to an acquisition. So its hard to see buying gas reserves at this point. Peoples expectations are still quite high. Very little oil available.
Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners: But you will be interested in oil properties if you can find them?
Steve Chazen: Were interested in oil properties if we could find them and we continue to look for them and probably buy small amounts regularly.
Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners: Okay, I learned a lot. Thanks for your thoughts.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Borden Putnam of Mione Capital.
Borden Putnam - Mione Capital: Hi. Good morning, Steve. Borden Putnam. I wasnt going to press you on geology but everybody else is trying so I thought Id throw in an idea. Im wondering if that Kern County play, based on your limited relieved information here is that it is primarily a structural fault-bounded track with stack zones which is why you cant co-mingle because of different pressure. And if thats true, Im thinking about the tectonics at Kern County, theyre probably small, but you may have a herd of these over your acreage if you really developed a new model. Is there anything close to reality in these comments?
Steve Chazen: Well, it might be. Not a lot of salt around.
Borden Putnam - Mione Capital: Right, I realized that.
Steve Chazen: So my guess is that its not a salt zone.
Borden Putnam - Mione Capital: No, conventional structure. Faulting is what Im thinking, lateral. Anyway, interesting. I look forward to more detail on that thing if you can disclose it.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Doug Leggate of Howard Weil.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Hey, guys. Sorry for jumping back in. I was listening to the answers and the other things. It just occurred to me that youre talking nine wells and six of course are related to this discovery but nine additional successes. Can you give us any color as to how we should read into that? Obviously these are outside of this field. So does that mean that youve already made additional explorations? In which case can you give any kind of analogue just to how we should look at that compared to what announced last night?
Steve Chazen: We found some other things obviously in the State. We should expect that well continue to find things. If it were material to the business, we would disclose it just like weve disclosed this. So we have smaller discoveries, better out of some good ideas and leads. If we find something of this size, well be sure to tell you about it.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: All right. Great. And my final one is just an update so I guess we were only two bidders in the Bahrain deep gas run. Any update as to how do you expect that to play out and potential time line for getting a conclusion?
Dr. Ray Irani: Will you comment, Sandy? Sandy Lowe heads our International Operations.
Sandy Lowe: Thank you, Dr. Irani. The Bahrain is fully approved and the handover is being worked out. The details of handover with Bapco, Bahrain Petroleum Company. We are formally joining an operating company, and that handover is expected to go from Bapco to the joint company sometime in the fourth quarter.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Sandy, well, I was talking more about the deep gas bed run (inaudible) that only two companies bid for?
Dr. Ray Irani: No, the deep gas has been announced. Were one of two in the final list. And so the decision will be made by NOGA over the next several months.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: All right.
Steve Chazen: I think as weve told you before, we have a competitive advantage because all we have to do was dig in one of our wells. So its pretty hard to beat that against us.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Got it, all right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Weve reached the allotted time for questions. I will now turn the conference back over to Chris Stavros for closing remarks.
Chris Stavros: Thank you very much for joining us today and if you have further follow-up questions, please call us in New York. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Dr. Ray Irani - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Steve Chazen President and Chief Financial Officer  Will Albrecht - President of U.S. Oil and Gas Sandy Lowe - President of Oxys Oil and Gas International Operations Chris Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations 
Analysts: Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Securities Faisel Khan - Citi Group Doug Leggate - Howard Weil Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James Robert Kessler - Simmons
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ketura and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Chris Stavros. Please go ahead, sir.
Chris Stavros: Thank you, Ketura, and good morning everyone. Id like to welcome you to Occidentals first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call from Los Angeles this morning are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxys Chairman and CEO and Steve Chazen, our President and CFO; Will Albrecht, Oxys President of U.S. Oil and Gas, and Sandy Lowe, our new President of Oxys Oil and Gas International Operations will also be joining us and available during the Q-&-A session. In just a moment, Ill be passing the call over to Steve, who will provide further details on our quarterly results and operations. Our first quarter earnings press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedules and earnings conference call slides which refer to Steves remarks can be downloaded from our website at www.oxy.com. Ill now turn the call over to Steve. Steve, please go ahead.
Steve Chazen: Net income for the quarter was $368 million or $0.45 per diluted share compared to $1.8 billion or $2.22 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2008. 2009 first quarter net income includes after-tax non-core charge of $39 million, including $21 million for severance, $10 million for railcar leases, $5 million for rig termination cost and $3 million for discontinued operations. The quarter results were $407 million or $0.50 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2009, compared to $1.8 billion or $2.19 per diluted share in the first quarter of last year. Here is the segment breakdown for the first quarter. Oil and gas first quarter 2009 segment earnings were $545 million. After excluding the rig termination cost, the first quarter 2009 core results were $553 million compared to $2.9 billion for last year. $2.3 billion decrease in the first quarter earnings was due to lower crude oil and natural gas prices and higher DD&A rates. Occidentals average realized crude price in 2009 first quarter was $39.29, a decrease of 55% from $86.75 in the comparable period of 2008. Oxys domestic average realized gas price for the quarter was $3.54 per MCF, compared to $8.15 per MCF for the first quarter of 2008, a decline of about 57%. Worldwide oil and gas sales volume for the first quarter of 2009 were 654,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of nearly 8% compared to 607,000 BOEs per day in the first quarter of last year. The increase includes 22,000 BOE a day from domestic operations, 15,000 BOE a day from Oman and 10,000 BOE a day from Argentina. About half of the domestic volume increase was attributable to our acquisition from last year. 
 : Over the course of little over year Occidental has drilled 35 wells seeking non-traditional hydrocarbon-bearing zones in California. Of these wells, 13 are commercial and 12 are currently being evaluated. Four of these wells currently account for approximately 28 million cubic feet of gas a day and 3000 barrels of liquids of gross daily production.  While it is too early to speculate on the ultimate reserves of production associated with this activity, it is progressing nicely. We will continue to invest in this program despite weak gas prices since we currently believe that total cost that is refining and developing and lifting will be less than $10 per BOE. We expect to drill 20 exploration wells in California this year. Occidental holds approximately $1.1 million acres of net fee manuals and leasehold in California, which have been acquired mostly in the last few years to exploit these opportunities. This is essentially all the data that we have at this time to discuss with you. Oil and gas production cost, excluding production and property taxes were $10.48 a barrel for the three months of 2009, a 13.6% decline from last years 12 month cost of $12.13 a barrel. This decline is due to lower work over, maintenance utility cost and the effective higher production sharing volumes. These costs are inline with our fourth quarter guidance where we indicated we are actively renegotiating our supplier contracts in laying down some rigs. Taxes, other than non-income were $1.71 a barrel for the first quarter of 2009, compared to $2.62 for all 2008. These costs which are sensitivity to product prices reflect lower crude oil and gas prices in the first quarter. Chemical segment earnings for the first quarter of 2009 were $169 million compared to our guidance of $100 million. Our higher earnings attributable primarily with the higher caustic soda margins. Chemicals earned a $179 million in the last years first quarter. Midstream segment earnings for the first quarter of 2009 were $14 million, compared to $123 million in the first quarter of 2008. The decline in earnings was due significantly lower NGO realized prices in the gas processing business and negative mark-to-market adjustments in crude oil marketing. Non-core adjustments for the first quarter of 2009 included $32 million pre-tax charge for severance. We do not expect to report any material additional amounts for the rest of the year. Additional we recorded $15 million pre-tax charge related to railcar sub-leases to Lyondell, which are being restructured as a result of Lyondell entering into bankruptcy. The worldwide effective tax rate was $0.39 for the first quarter of 2009 compared with our guidance of 46%. The decrease in rate reflects tax benefits resulting from a relinquishment of international exploration contracts. Occidental generally records no tax book benefits on foreign expense exploration until the project is relinquished. The capital spending for the first quarter of 2009 was $1.1 billion. As previously mentioned our capital run rate in the first quarter of 2009 was greater than the $3.5 billion total year level and will decline throughout the year. We expect the second quarter capital will be in line with $3.5 billion annual run rate. Cash flow from operations for the three months of 2009 was about $1.3 billion before working capital changes. We used about $500 million for payments related to higher capital spending and other expenses from the fourth quarter of 2008 which were accrued at year end. We use $1.2 of the companys cash flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisition cost and $260 million to pay dividends. Based on our annual capital spending forecast we expect our second quarter capital run rate to drop by about $300 million. The higher first quarter 2009 capital run rate, payments related fourth quarter 2008 capital and other net cash outflows decreased our $1.8 billion cash balance at the end of last year by $700 million to $1.1 billion at the end of the quarter. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for three months were $811.8 million and the weighted average diluted shares were $814.4 million. As we look ahead to the current quarter, we expect the oil and gas production volumes be in the range of 640,000 to 660,000 BOE per day during the second quarter and above current prices. This volume range reflects increases in Dolphin, Oman and Qatar.  With respect to prices and current market price, dollar change in oil prices impacts quarterly oil and gas earnings before income taxes by about $36 million. The swing of $0.50 per mmBTUs in domestic gas prices had a $20 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes. While current NYMEX gas prices are around $3.5, prices in the Permian in California are currently about $3 while the Rocky gases in the range of $2.5. We expect exploration expenses to be about $60 million for seismic and drilling for exploration programs. We expect Chemical segment earnings of the second quarter to be about $100 million, with this in the global aluminum and pulp and paper markets expect to result reduced demand in margins for caustic soda. Domestically weak construction and housing markets are expected to continue to reduce demand for vinyl. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the second quarter of 2009 to be about 43% of current prices. Our first quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the supplement. We continue to negotiate cost reductions across all areas including, but not limited to drilling rigs, service rigs, drilling services, artificial lift, maintenance, repair and operations, chemicals and oil country tubular goods. On average we have negotiated about 20% to 25% reduction across all areas from the peak 2008 levels.  The tax charge indicates range of reductions we are realizing across the broadcast categories and may not reflect the trends across the entire industry. The effect to these reductions is not yet in the first quarter run rate. Weve realized about one third of the reduction we need to do to achieve economic results in the current price environment. We expect the full effect to be realized over the balance of the year and into next year. These cost reductions impact both capital spending and operating costs.  Well now be providing you additional detail or increased granularity about the components of the cost reduction of the most available on the attached schedule. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering: Steve I appreciate the color on California activity. Can you give us a little history on how overall activity in California is evolved over the last year or two and some of the assumptions that go into how you arrived at sub $10 a barrel estimate for [S&D] and lifting cost?
Steve Chazen: We started this project, I think 5 years ago, well the notion there were right reservoirs that hadnt [inaudible] elsewhere in the state, and so we begun accumulating acreage. We really dont want to get into any more detail about how the numbers were computed, its very early in the process and we are really not something we told you what we think. We can tell you with high certainty and we want to stay away from speculating about what it might turn out.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering: Okay. Just one more questions on the Permian with CO2 representing about 50,000 barrels a day future growth. How are you accessing the overall risk to that future growth and what is the potential recourse in kind of a worst case situation?
Steve Chazen: Talking about some SandRidge?
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering: Yes. 
Steve Chazen: No, things are going just fine with SandRidge we dont have any reason to believe that anything is going to happen except the plant is going to deliver generally on time. So, there is plenty of drilling locations in the area with lots of CO2. So I really not worried that we wont be able to supply CO2. If SandRidge doesnt supply for some reason, which I dont see why, the area is loaded with wells with relative small amounts of methane and lots of CO2. Its not something we spend a lot time worrying about and I think they are doing fine, they seem to be okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: If I could sort off follow up on the CapEx question and your cost question. I just want to get some sense from you is to how you think about the returns, or the difference between your realizations and your target cost in terms of when you actually might see some of your shorter cycle activity turn back-up against of the trends and volumes that looks to be down sequentially this year might actually stop and reverse?
Steve Chazen: Our volume scores are up sequentially, but -- 
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Well, I mean from the Q1 level right. I mean your, say 54 guidance 640 to 660 for next quarter?
Steve Chazen: To some extent the each quarter is a little difficult to worry about. We try to estimate how much trouble we are going to have in a quarter and we ran a little better than other we planned. That is always something in the oil business that makes these productions a little slower. So thats what we give you a range. I wouldnt read a whole lot into the varying selection. 
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan:   Okay, Well as I think about the full year, you guided to 4%, youre starting off at 8%. I just understand that there is some trailing off as we move through the years out?
Steve Chazen:
 :
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Im trying to gauge how much that is?
Steve Chazen: In the first quarter we said 10,000 barrels a day loss from lower capital. There is no reason to believe if that isnt going to happen. Were still sizably above searching gas. In the Piceance, we did have a lot more production in gas, but it just doesnt make any sense at these levels. So were a long way away in getting cost in line with $2.5 gas in the Piceance.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: If I think about the CapEx from Q1 to Q4 and the variance of activity versus what you are actually saving in costs, do you have a run rate now in terms of workover rigs, etc that you are comfortable with or do we actually start ramping up again in Q4 and Q1 next year?
Steve Chazen: We will see what prices are and the cost are.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Okay. A lot of the companies are talking about targeting cost in 04 level, does that sort of make sense to you in terms of when you --?
Steve Chazen: Yes, it does certainly for oils. The gas is sort of fallen off from cliff here in case you havent noticed. We not at 2004 levels of gas, the cost of gas drilling has to fall sharply and weve seen some of that obviously but not near enough.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: If I could shift towards geographically over to the Middle East, can you maybe give us an update as to where we are on Dolphin and any potential talk of expansion, I know UAE is still short gas coming into this summer. I curious if there is talk on --?
Steve Chazen: The UAE is still short of gas. The increase in potential volume for Dolphin was has to come from Qatar and right now they are really not looking at any new projects basically in that regard. They are still accessing how much the North fields have. So Dolphin would take advantage when Qatar cancels other gas to move some of the gas in to that pipeline, because the pipeline as you know can handle more than is produced by the concession area we have. So, thats said on that issue.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Theoretically, what is the throughput on Dolphin I mean, under 2.2 is part of the targeted capacity level, but at this summer could there be days or in our periods where you are that three?
Ray Irani: Well, Sandy Lowe is on the phone and he built the facility so for the first time we have him answer the tested questions. Sandy, would you answer that regards the capacity and flexibility if we had to get to them.
Sandy Lowe: Yes, thank you, Dr. Irani. We have the ability to float $3.2 billion a day through the pipeline. We do not have the contractual rights to that as Dr. Irani as said, nor do we have all of the compressors at currently in place to handle that. Im sure there will be the technical possibilities for the future. 
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: In terms of adding the compression, is that some thing that could be done relatively quickly or is this something that we could may expect to be built up over the next one to two years?
Ray Irani: These compressors would take almost just about two years to install in todays market. So, we think everybody has that in mind through their future possibilities.
Steve Chazen: To help Sandy out, currently how much more can you put through the line? 
Sandy Lowe: We can push about 2.52, right now. 
Steve Chazen: Or we can move 2.5 right now and we could go up to 3.2 as Sandy said even more if we put our minds to it. 
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Thats helpful color, thank you and last one from me, Dr, Irani, Id like to know your current thoughts on Iraq?
Ray Irani: On Iraq?
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Yes.
Ray Irani: Very good question, as you know they are talking about opening up whole bunch of fields there and as you would expect many, many companies are looking at entering there. We have been studying those opportunities. There are huge fields, there are medium fields and there are smaller fields. Realistically the way they are looking at awarding potentially these areas is to consult you and you can bid on as many fields as you want, but cant have more on the certain amount.  In all the probability the very huge fields will be given to consultants, not just any one company, Im talking, if you want as much as 10 billion barrels or more. Realistically, the super major will probably head those elephant fields and of course we dont mind participating in some of those and those discussions go on. There are other field, medium fields, smaller fields, some of which we may be able to hope and lead one of those activities.  So its free of all and lot of interest by a lot of people, how the secured situation materialize so of great importance, because President Obama, as you know is planning to withdraw the troops and this time he is serious and so we have to watch very carefully how all that develops, but clearly in the future of Iraq is one of the key areas that offers opportunities for international oil companies to participate and you know this is going to be a bigger gold rush that in Manhattan and Libya because everybody under the sun wanted to get a piece of the action. 
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: The timing certainly feels any way like its more precious, if I think about the scale of opportunities for company like Oxys, I guess it would make more sense that round two in September with the higher probability scenario versus round one in June. Is it realistic to think that by 2010 Oxy will be in Iraq in one way or another?
Ray Irani:  Well, Im sure that I would like to, but as you know there is a desire for us to be there. But again Iraqis understandably, their government has many other issues to address and deadlines get delayed, changes in some of the bidding conditions change and so on and so forth. So we have a desire, but looking at when this could really bring money to the bottom line, it might take a couple of years, lets face it. Its going to take investments and is not going to happen overnight. So, I assure you and would like us to have good news for you by 2010, but I cant speculate on when it could have any meaningful income.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, good morning gentlemen. Could you comment on the outlook for M&A, but in an industry wide level in your own perceptive? Thanks.
Steve Chazen: Yes. Right now, there are some small deals out there, first time were seeing a little bit of activity a lot of called farm in activity, people having acreage that they would like to drill and the terms are getting somewhat more attractive. I dont see any large scale activity at this point. I think were still ways away.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess if you are talking about nothing until 2010?
Steve Chazen: No, I wouldnt be surprised in the back half of the year the rate picked up.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Securities: And I guess, with this tracking the indebtedness of the various flavors.
Steve Chazen: No indebtedness and right now, theyre trying to sell or form out or whatever the right word is, acreage thats expiring and trying to get people to drill it from and they started out with what we call unattractive terms and theyre getting more realistic, why they are saying there for us I dont know, but as far Iraq now, they are trying to cut the capital effectively.  I think as we move to the year, more interesting things will come loose side of the real guidance, but I dont know if it will be next year or this year, but I wouldnt be surprised few more activity in the back half of the year.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Securities: Just getting on to the cost issue; your interim production cost down 13.6% full year cost in 08 and then you said kind of a range of 15, I guess to 40% of the extreme is your expectations to service costs. Would it be reasonable then to assume that your production cost will flow by? Something more towards the 20% to 30% by the time the whole prices work through?
Steve Chazen: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisel Khan - Citi Group
Faisel Khan - Citi Group: Give us a little bit of an update on your drilling activity in Libya and how its going and progressing?
Ray Irani: I think clearly the best I can tell you, right now Libya is, what it is I mean if things move slower than we expect it and studies continue to take place, but I dont expect any meaning full increase there for at least another 12 months.
Faisel Khan - Citi Group:  Then if you can comment on the, I know you talked about the net PSC effect which you had in the quarter of about 10,000 barrels a day, but it is looking at Oman being up 35,000 barrels a day versus 27,000 in fourth quarter, is that all reflection of the PSC effect or something else going on there?
Ray Irani: No, its largely in the PSC.
Faisel Khan - Citi Group:  Okay and what would you say the mix between the most of your activity in Kiznar.
Ray Irani:  Primarily marginal, as you recall when we took it over from Shale, it was producing 8,000 barrels a day. Its now in the 50s end of the year 80 and ultimately our contract has been get to the 115,000. So thats a continuous ramp up of that activity. Sandy could you add to that.
Sandy Lowe: Yes sir. We are on right now just under 60,000 a day, we only have about 25% of the steam capacity commission so far, so we see quite a nice ramp up as Dr. Irani says 80,000 by the end of this year and 150 in the year 2012, we have new drilling rigs out there that are putting in wells faster than weve ever done and everything is on track. 
Faisel Khan - Citi Group:  Okay, understood and then on shifting to Latin America the volumes in Argentina were pretty substantially sequentially first quarter. Can you give us a little bit color around that too?
Steve Chazen:  Yes, remember they had some strikes and stuff in last year. So its basically back to where it should be, point of volume variances I talked about earlier which pretty hard to predict.
Faisel Khan - Citi Group:  Okay, understood and then the shifting to the midstream side equation for a second. I saw your slide we showed us the first quarter 08 versus first quarter 09. I was also looking at your supplemental information we gave us for fourth quarter 08 versus first quarter 09 and thats why you had gas processing in NGO prices only affecting the sequential quarter-over-quarter operating profit by $22 million and mark-to-market adjustments expecting the number of $131 million. So I guess I was trying to guess what was the actual cash earnings from that business in the quarter.
Steve Chazen:  Cash earnings of the business is sort of about $60 million, there is a market in our pipeline system, we buy oil from producers and we lock in the margin, which is $1 or $2, lets say you buy it for an amount of $40 and we sell it immediately for $41 or $42, but that oil doesnt get there, it may run over the quarter, into the quarter and lets say oil prices meanwhile have moved up, you have to mark-to-market the change. So, you get that back, its not a real thing the real profit is $1 or $2 and so you get a lot of volatility in the number from quarter-to-quarter over the year, it shouldnt matter.  So when prices are coming down, youll get nominal gains from it. When prices are going up, youll have nominal losses over the end of the quarter. This is why we broke the segment out so that we can see all this noise in it, but there is nothing really fundamental going on, but NGO margins are clearly constrained, natural gas while spread is wide relatively, the actual prices are real low, you are paying $3 for the gas and selling liquids for 43 last quarter, but that magnitude of the spread is shown considerably year-over-year.
Faisel Khan - Citi Group: Okay, got you and on the tax rate 39% versus 46% I think I understand whats going on there, but is the entire difference between your guidance and what is actually reported that tax benefit, the relinquishment of those contracts?
Steve Chazen: Essentially
Faisel Khan - Citi Group:  Okay, got you and then last question on working capital. So I understand that negative $500 million of working capital, does it versatile over the course of the year, is that now?
Steve Chazen:  No. And that was in a slight accrued liability from the fourth quarter. If you want to think of the paying off that obligation in the first quarter that was accrued in first, obviously its effects your cash, when youre spending less capital your accrued liabilities have to be paid. Normally it wouldnt make any difference if you where for the level, it always about the same accrued liabilities, but not your accrued liabilities are declining.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate - Howard Weil.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil:  Ive got a couple of things on the production outlook; if I could kick off with the press release you could have couple of weeks ago on a volley. Can you give us an update as to when you expect to able to conform with your share of a volley will be and probably the more important question is I am trying to understand where your geological rights and the contacts that the field, because there is clearly a very substantial gas opportunity to deep gas rise in Bahrain. If you could give any color as to what your potential entitlement or potential opportunity is there that would be great and I a have follow up? 
Ray Irani: On Bahrain well, we expect the sign deal before the end of the month, at least thats what has been on onsite from the people of Babco two days ago and it looks less likely. So before the end of the month we hope to give you announcement guidance on what the volumes are impacting Oxy.  We see a fairly interesting number of potential activities including the one that you will see some more details about within a week or two and as you know when you go into a country you will always look at new opportunities and were seeing there are some there. So, its a modest field to the measures, but a number of them have beds and weve been fortunate to succeed in taking initially the existing oil and gas fields and have the opportunity to increase the production, but we are looking at other things you might do there. 
Steve Chazen: Theres a much deeper gas on thats being bid out significantly deeper and thats with this other bid packages Doug.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Do you have underneath the Volley feel that you have right now, do you get the rights to the gas or you have to bid for that as well?
Stephen I. Chazen: The gas that is being bid out is a much deeper zone, it is separate and wed be bidding on it of course, but that has to take its course.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Separately, in Colombia, weve seen a little bit of activity there appears on the [inaudible] obviously weve talked about by looking forward, but it looks like Ecopetrol cannot recently and talked about their net share getting up to something like 30,000 barrels per day by 2011, but was interesting is that appears that you guys have no award of contracts for the water pumps. Can you just talk a little about whether you are actually moving forward to Phase II and what you expect your net share to be because I seem to recall its a little higher than Ecopetrol. 
Steve Chazen: The field is moving ahead quiet nicely, we have new very fast drilling rigs putting in rolls again faster than weve ever done before and the progress is running around 24,000 barrels a day. So, there are water injection plans and a number of other enhancements. Im not familiar with the projections on this. Historically, theyve been fairly optimistic projections as you know.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: I guess we dont going with this deal is that if you take to about 2006. When you laid out your long term production guidance and all the upside potentially talked about is XYZ project happen. You not got a Volley it seems here in parenthesis going well; you have added the SunRidge deal just talking all this level more optimistic about Shell and the in California. So, whenever were going to get a revised longer term expectation in terms of your production outlook. Can you just give us an idea for that you think you have actually hit what you about time laid out to be your stretch goal for the projects youve got in hand?
Ray Irani: But I think we have consistently said over time and we did confirm, in our economic downturn issues to point out, we believe we can grow the business in volume between 5% and 7%. It could be lower in a lower price environment because clearly we are going to put this capital there and our business is not going to be growing in a smooth curve.  So we are going to be seeing increases over the next couple of years from both definitely Mohsin that Sandy was talking about from Bahrain, which we would be taking over the operation during the remainder of the year increases potentially and domestically increases as gas prices improve and there is other projects we continue to work about, but we at OXY dont believe like giving you a number of projects that we are thinking about that may happen, wed like to have a high degree of certainty before we start sharing with you our thoughts and dreams.  So, I cant sit and tell you that in Iraq we are going to have so much I can, but realistically thats a wish by me just as its a wish by other people. So, we only have a lot place we can drill, Bill will you share with him where how many places you can drill in United States 
William Albrecht: Yes, Dr. Irani, thank you. We currently have roughly 10,000 locations to drill in the United States with about 6000 of those locations in the Kians alone.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Thanks for taking my call. In the middle of 2008, you made a small investment in oil sands project in Canada under current economics do you anticipate that project moving forward and if so under what time frame?
Steve Chazen: Its Qataris runs the project as you know and so there, they delayed until cost come in into line. So, almost everybody up there is waiting cost decrease before they move forward and find Qataris made that announcement a few months ago.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: And as a follow up to that, if there are potential opportunities to increase your state either in that project or the oil sands more generally if there are potential opportunities to increase your state either in that project or that oil sands more generally under current commodity prices, would you consider that?
Steve Chazen: Well, that project is the rest, I dont see them selling down, theyre probably be more interested in taking our share in the other way. As far as other projects go, we look for quality operators and quality reservoirs and so thats what limits the opportunities in Canada.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) Your next question comes from the line of Robert Kessler - Simmons.
Robert Kessler - Simmons :  Good morning. I was interested in your commentary about Dolphin, I dont know unexpected for me in terms of the discussion around the market diversions. Ray, I think you mentioned an instances where the Qataris might not be able to sell the gas to other market they if could differ it and put through the Dolphin line allowing you to ramp up to your capacity there or towards it.  Did I understand that correctly and I guess if so Im curious around the logistics there. My thought was that most of the loss upon projects was somewhat ring fenced from each other in terms of the gas field Ill be it having some shared utilities if that was planned longer term. So I would have to logistics wouldnt have been that easy, they can transfer the gas between the various projects based on markets, but because if you thought otherwise?
Ray Irani:  Yes. Let me start out by and Ill turn it over to Sandy. Even before we started producing gas form Dolphin, with some gas through, its significantly 100 million cubic feet a day brought just from Qatar and Sandy would you give him some feeding on a logistics?
Sandy Lowe:  Qatar has the lot of LNG, which is allude to some is pretty well bring fast this lot of domestic consumption there, which has seasonal swing and there at times when there is more available gas and it used in the domestic power generation et cetera or so, sometimes thats available.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Okay, thats helpful, but on [Cross Talk] specifically, would you expect a diversion of LNG sound likes that pretty much because --?
Sandy Lowe:  There are some technical interconnections that could be used, but generally speaking the LNG has been as part of the deals that were made would be more domestic over supply that we get to use.
Steve Chazen: Yes I think so, you think its a substitute for LNG its not, it an opportunistic understanding between us and Qatar, that they want to have extra gas. It can be used in the UAE and when there isnt there isnt. So its not be the alternative to LNG. Qatar has the fair amount is dedicated for its domestic use and how much they need depends on the growth in the construction and other utility and they are sort going up and down and flatways.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Unknown Participant. 
Unknown Participant:  How much price do you think that domestic suppliers would be shutting in gas rather than not replacing it?
Ray Irani:  I dont know, I see were already shutting in gas current levels.
Steve Chazen:  Its really hard for us to speculate it, if that as far as new drilling goes at current levels are under economic anywhere. But like other people may do its deep because they think gas price is going to go up soon. We dont like to go on that theory.
Unknown Participant: Can people generally without hedges can they generally make money if [inaudible] can we cover with a forecast?
Steve Chazen: Yes it should be.
Unknown Participant:  Okay, thanks.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Stavros 
Chris Stavros : Thank you, very much for joining us today and if you have any further follow up questions dont hesitate us to call us here in New York. Thanks very much and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's Occidental Petroleum corporations first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-29 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Stavros - VP IR Ray Irani - Chairman and CEO Steve Chazen - President and CFO Casey Olson - EVP and President, Oxy Oil and Gas - Eastern Hemisphere
Analysts: Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering Holt Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International Ben Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Jason Gammel - Macquarie Investment Management Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James Faisel Khan - Citigroup Smith Barney 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you standing by and welcome to the Occidental Petroleum Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Stavros, you may begin.
Christopher Stavros: Thank you, Charde, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to Occidental's fourth quarter 2008 Earnings Call. Joining us on the call from Los Angeles this morning are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Chairman and CEO; Steve Chazen, our President and CFO; and Casey Olson, President of our international oil and gas operations. In just a moment, I will be passing the call over to Dr. Irani, who will discuss our plans for managing the business in the current challenging economic period, as well as some of our future growth opportunities. Steve will then review our fourth quarter and full year 2008 financial results, and provide some additional insight on our capital spending plans for 2009. Our fourth quarter earnings press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedules and the conference call presentation slides that refer to Steve's remarks, can be downloaded from our website at www.oxy.com. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Irani. Dr. Irani, please go ahead.
Ray Irani: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Last year was an interesting year. Oxy achieved solid results in 2008 including record earnings of $6.9 billion, an increase of 27% from 2007. However, 2008 was in fact three years in one for our industry. Collectively, we experienced solid growth in the first part of the year, followed by unprecedented record high oil prices, and finally a collapse of those prices as the global economy went into recession. Today I will focus on how we plan to manage and grow the business in the future, even though the current economy and low oil and gas prices make it challenging. First, I want to mention a few developments from 2008 that will be key to Oxy's continued success. Oxy's worldwide production increased 5.4% over 2007, reaching 601,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Even more significant was the growth in our oil and gas reserves. We estimate that we replaced approximately 200% of our production in 2008 without taking into account the effect of price changes from 2007 to 2008, with the majority coming through organic growth. Steve will talk more about this later on. We ended the year with cash on hand of $1.8 billion and very little net debt. And in the past twelve months, we have capitalized on some key opportunities to strengthen our position and achieve further growth. In the fourth quarter of 2008, we signed an exploration and production sharing agreement with the government of Oman to develop four medium-sized gas fields and to explore for potential new discoveries. We expect the existing fields to reach production of 10,000 BOE per day net to Oxy. We also continued production growth at Mukhaizna oil field in South Central Oman where we have a major steam flood project for enhanced oil recovery, one of Oxy's technological strengths. As of year-end 2008, gross daily production was over six times higher than the production rate in September 2005 when Oxy assumed operation of the field from Shell. In the third quarter we signed a preliminary agreement with the Abu Dhabi national oil company to appraise and develop two medium sized oil and gas fields in Abu Dhabi. Oxy will operate both fields and will hold 100% interest in the concessions. When fully operational, we expect these two projects in Abu Dhabi to produce 20,000 BOE per day. Additionally, you may have seen the recent media reports that Bahrain National Oil and Gas Authority has selected Oxy as the winner of the competitive bid to develop oil and gas assets in the kingdom of Bahrain. Our respective teams are now finalizing the relevant technical and financial agreements. Various Bahrain agencies and government authorities have already approved Oxy as the winning bidder for the project, and we hope to have the completed agreement approved by the Bahrain Parliament before year-end. Our strong balance sheet has also enabled additional growth of Oxy's reserves in the Permian Basin, Mid-Continent and California in the United States. We intend to continue acquiring additional desirable assets as they become available in the U.S. at more attractive prices. In 2008, we spent about $4.7 billion on capital expenditures. This year we plan to spend approximately $3.5 billion on projects that would allow us continued growth, while protecting our targeted financial returns. We maintain a firm policy of pursuing only those opportunities which meet our standards for return on capital which is employed and which complement our existing assets and core areas. The ongoing turbulence in the global economy only reinforces the logic of our selectivity in considering potential transactions. But even with the new spending, we're confident that we'll grow our production in excess of 5% both this year and next, much of that growth from our international projects, including those I discussed earlier. We're also currently focusing on increasing our operational efficiency throughout the company, while reducing key costs areas, including overhead, external purchasing and outside services. Steve will give you additional details about all of this in a moment. The coming months will be challenging for all businesses and all industries. However, in good economic times and bad Oxy is well positioned to succeed. Oxy will continue to maintain a low risk, low leverage profile and a consistent focus on building stockholder value. With our concentration on core areas, growth in production and reserves, and our efficient operations and strong balance sheet, we are confident in our ability to achieve sustained growth and solid profitability. I will now turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Chazen: Thank you, Ray. Net income for the quarter was $443 million, or $0.55 per diluted share, compared to $1.5 billion, or $1.74 per diluted share last year. 2008 fourth quarter net income includes after-tax non-core charges totaling $514 million. These charges include $390 million for impairment of undeveloped acreage in Argentina and Yemen, $27 million for impairment of U.S. producing oil and gas properties, $37 million for rig contract terminations and $55 million for chemical plant closure and impairments. Core results were $957 million, or $1.18 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2008, compared to $1.5 billion, or $1.76 per diluted share, last year. Here is the segment breakdown for the fourth quarter. Oil and gas fourth quarter 2008 segment earnings were $339 million compared to $2.5 billion last year. Oil and gas core results for the fourth quarter were $996 million after excluding the asset impairments and rig termination costs. The following accounted for the decrease in oil and gas earnings between these quarters. $1.5 billion decrease in the fourth quarter of 2008 core results was due to $1.4 billion lower crude and natural gas prices and a benefit of $0.1 billion for higher volumes offset by higher operating expenses, DD&A and exploration expense. Occidental's average realized crude price for the 2008 fourth quarter is $53.52 a barrel, a decrease of 33% from the comparable period last year. Oxy's domestic realized gas price for the quarter was $4.67 per MCF compared with $6.77 per MCF in the fourth quarter of 2007. Worldwide oil and gas sales volume for the fourth quarter of 2008 were 620,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of 5% compared to 590,000 BOE in the fourth quarter of last year. The increase includes 22,000 BOE a day from Dolphin, 14,000 BOE a day domestically and 6,000 BOE a day from Oman, offset by 12,000 BOE per day lower production in Libya as a result of new contract terms. The fourth quarter of 2008 oil and gas sales volumes were 32,000 BOE a day, higher than the third quarter of 2008. Exploration expense excluding non-core items is $134 million in the quarter. Fourth quarter non-core items included impairments of undeveloped acreage in Argentina and Yemen, impairment of producing oil and gas properties and rig contract terminations. Chemical segment earnings for the fourth quarter of 2008 were $127 million. After excluding the plant closure and impairments, the fourth quarter core results were $217 million. The higher earnings were attributable to higher caustic soda margins. Chemicals were $94 million in last year's fourth quarter. Midstream segment earnings for the fourth quarter of 2008 were $170 million, an increase of $32 million in the fourth quarter of last year. Improvement in earnings was due to higher margin and crude oil marketing, higher pipeline income from Dolphin and lower NGL margins in the gas processing business. The fourth quarter of 2008 results also included after-tax foreign exchange gains of $88 million, which was -- of which $70 million was in oil and gas. Let us now turn to our twelve month performance. Net income was a record $6.9 billion, or $8.35 per diluted share for the twelve months of 2008 compared to 5.4 billion, or $6.44 per diluted share, for the same period last year. Core results for the twelve months of 2008 were $7.3 billion, or $8.95 per diluted share compared to $4.4 billion, or $5.25 per diluted share, for the full year of 2007. Income for the twelve months of 2008 included $491 million of charges net of tax and 2007 included $1 billion benefit net of tax in the items noted on the schedule attached. We have broken out oil and gas production taxes and ad valorem taxes into a separate line called taxes other than on income for disclosure purposes to highlight their sensitivity to product price variation. These taxes were $2.62 a barrel in 2008 compared to $1.97 a barrel in 2007. Oil and gas cash production costs were $12.13 a barrel for the twelve months of 2008 compared to last year's costs of $10.37 a barrel. The bulk of the increase related to higher maintenance workovers and field operating costs. We currently estimate that we replaced approximately 200% of our oil and gas production in 2008 without taking into account the effect of price changes from 2007 to 2008. With the effective price changes we estimated we replaced about 150% of our production. Slightly over half of the reserve additions excluding the effective price changes came from internal resources, resulting in over 100% reserve replacement. Major increases were in California properties, Permian and the Rockies and in Oman, which in aggregate constituted more than half of such reserve adds. Last year's capital program was about $4.7 billion. Additionally, we spent another $4.7 billion for acquisitions. As a result of these expenditures we have accumulated a sizable inventory of projects. The bulk of these projects can be delayed until such time as the industry cost structure is in line with product prices. We believe that the service company cost structure is more reflective in $80 oil environment than a $40 one. An illustration of our ability to defer drilling is that we have a total of 5 million net acres in the United States, 70% is held by production, about 10% consists of long-term leases with many years on average to run, with the remainder in mineral acres held in perpetuity. This year's capital program of $3.5 billion will focus on ensuring that our returns remain well above our cost of capital, given current oil and gas prices and contractor costs. About 80% of the capital will be in oil and gas, and the remainder in the midstream and chemicals. Gas drilling with less than $5 an MCF gas is generally unattractive. We will continue to fully fund our Middle East operations, our successful exploration programs in California and Utah, and exploration in Argentina. Formerly, quick payout wells in Permian and California will be deferred until they become quick payout again. We will also continue to fund our midstream and CO2 programs. You should expect that our capital run rate in the first quarter will be greater than the $3.5 billion level and will decline all year unless economic conditions improve. The effect of this program on our production should be fairly modest this year, around 10,000 BOE a day, resulting in a probable production range of 620 to 660,000 BOE a day, with about 630 to 650 BOE a day in the first quarter. Year-over-year Argentina and Oman should show the most growth. We are also focusing on internal costs, some reductions in overhead will be made this year, should improve our overhead levels by at least $1 per BOE. We are renegotiating our supplier contracts to further reduce costs and are laying down rigs, including paying cancelation costs when that makes sense. We expect these programs to result in reduction in the cost of executing our capital programs, as well as a reduction of our operating expenses. Oxy's focus has been and will continue to be delivering returns well in excess of our cost of capital. When costs and prices are in line, our capital program will be boosted and the project inventory worked down faster. Cash flow from operations for the twelve months was $10.7 billion. We used 4.7 billion of the company's cash flow to fund capital expenditures, $4.7 billion for acquisitions, and $940 million to pay dividends. We spent $1.5 billion to repurchase 119.4 million common shares and we borrowed $1 billion in the fourth quarter. These and other net cash outflows decreased our $2 billion cash balance at the end of last year by $200 million to $1.8 billion at December 31. The weighted average basic shares outstanding at the end of this twelve months was 817.6 million and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding was 820.8 million. At December 31, there were approximately 810.4 million basic shares outstanding and diluted share amount was approximately 813.5 million. Our debt to capitalization ratio was 9%. Last year's return on equity was 27% and return on capital employed was 25%. As we look ahead to the current quarter, we expect exploration expense to be about $60 million. We expect chemical segment earnings for the first quarter to be about $100 million. High caustic soda margins are expected to continue throughout the period offset by continued weakness in the construction and housing market, impacting domestic demand. Despite the difficult economic conditions, exports are anticipated to show modest improvements over the abysmal demand of the fourth quarter. The worldwide effective tax rate on the core income was 40% for 2008. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the first quarter of 2009 to be about 46%. The increase in rate from the prior year was caused by a higher foreign source income expected in 2009 as percentage of total income. Our fourth quarter and twelve-month U.S. and foreign income tax rates are included in the Investor Relations supplement. Oil and gas DD&A expense for 2009 should be approximately $11.5 per BOE. Depreciation for the other two segments should total approximately $400 million. We expect to have severance and similar charges in the first quarter of 2009. Copies of the press release announcing our results and the supplements are available on our website or through the SEC's Edgar system. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Michael Jacobs.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering Holt: Good morning.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering Holt: Thank you for all the additional guidance on capital spending. Steve, you touched on your return focused investment philosophy. And while your business model doesn't warrant some of the tougher decisions of trying to live within cash flow, can you take a second to discuss what differentiates the Oxy business model and how you think about potentially accelerating cash flow at the cost of returns in the current environment?
Steve Chazen: Since we can't predict oil prices, and we have to live with what the oil prices are, and if we look at each project, especially the US projects which are sort of infinitely deferrable, we look at the returns at the current oil situation or gas situation, figure out what the returns are, and if the returns are below our cost of capital we'll defer it. When you get a different cost structure or price structure, whichever or both, we'll reevaluate that and boost the spending or decrease it for that matter. So we have a lot of flexibility in deferral, maybe not infinite, but a lot. The contracts outside the United States basically are production sharing contracts, which tend to protect the returns when things are real good. They don't return as well as you might hope, and when things are bad they cushion the blow. So we lived with this $40 environment. It wasn't that long ago, so we're borrowing all we're doing is bringing our capital spending down to our 2007 levels. We are investing for growth and we're protecting our long-term outlook, but just deferring some things that we can defer.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering Holt: That's great. Moving on to reserves and specifically focusing on Oman, we've seen some pretty meaningful production growth in the last few quarters. It seems steam is clearly penetrating the reservoir Mukhaizna. Can you give us a quick update of what you're seeing operationally and how that factored into reserve adds in 2008?
Steve Chazen: We'll let Casey talk about the operational part, I think. But on the reserve adds, it was a sizable reserve add in Oman, probably the almost -- I guess the largest single area of reserve adds last year. Also there were positive price impact there too because of the production sharing contracts. We're not through with the reserve adds there, just so there is still more -- as the steam continues to penetrate we'll add additional reserves. Casey?
Casey Olson: Operationally, things are going very well as we say. There have been some substantial increases in production. They're right in line and our development plans are turning outright in line with what we anticipated when we won the project a few years ago. As we noted in the comments, gross production from the field is up over six times what it was at the end of 2005 when we took over the operations. I think we can say that in general the reservoir is in fact performing better than we expected. The steam flood project is doing exactly as we thought it would. But as I say, performing even better. We had a lot of facility activity during the course of the year, building the huge water treatment facilities that ultimately purified the water and generated the steam. There were some moderate delays during the course of the past year in getting those on stream. By the end of the year we were fully caught up. The remainder of those facilities will be completed as expected and on time this year, and so remain very confident in both the performance of the reservoir and our potential to continue to meet the anticipated schedule for the increase of production to probably 150,000 barrels a day gross by late 2011, early 2012.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering Holt: That's great. Thank you. Just one final question before I hop back into the queue. You mentioned higher workover expenses were partly responsible for the year-over-year increase in LOE. Just looking ahead, how much of an improvement would you expect in your cost structure as you reduce your quick payout activity?
Steve Chazen: Overall for the company probably about $0.70 or $0.80.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering Holt: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Kessler.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Good morning, gentlemen. With respect to reserve for replacement last year, it looks like about 50% of your production equivalent was negative price effect. I guess it's about 110 million barrels equivalent. I was curious if you could perhaps gross that out to the positive effects of PSEs and the negative effects of shortening production life. And maybe a little bit more on the geography, particularly the shortened production life.
Steve Chazen: It's fairly straight forward on shortened one, since we are only in effectively three places. So Permian obviously --
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Yes --
Steve Chazen: And Yucatan gas reserves and some in California. So the big slug is in the Permian. You have a mismatch right now on this price revision. You use the year end prices. But effectively your costs for cutoff are the old higher costs, so you wind up overstating I think the negative revisions in the domestic properties, because you have a mismatch between your costs and your price. And you're not allowed to forecast a decline in your cost of operating using SEC rules. So my guess is this number will -- if we ran it a year from now on the prices with the same kind of price change, we would have a much smaller number. So we'll recoup the stuff, but in the production sharing contracts offset a lot of big gains at Dolphin and Qatar and Oman were the big pieces of that. So we'll give you more detail when we roll out the exact numbers.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Okay. But no guesstimate on the magnitude on the positives for PSEs in aggregate?
Steve Chazen: No, I'd just as not get into that at this point.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Okay. It looks like on the cost side you're certainly doing your part to try and lower the $80 a barrel of cost environment down to $40 a barrel with $58 million termination charge on rig contracts and the like. Can you get any more specific on where that is and future contract cancelations and assuming maybe the Permian --
Steve Chazen: I think we're about done with the contract cancelations.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Okay .
Steve Chazen: We've begun to see some reduction from some of the service companies, but certainly not the order of magnitude we would like to see. But looking at their results, it looks like they're still making too much money to me.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Okay. Thanks very much.
Steve Chazen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Dell.
Ben Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein: Hi, Steve.
Steve Chazen: Hi, Ben.
Ben Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein: I just had one question regarding your U.S. gas prices. They came in relatively low versus the benchmark. I wonder if there was any particular reason for that during the quarter.
Steve Chazen: The gas out of the Rockies and the Permian, which basically heads west, was [crummy], and which is why we're reducing the drilling in the Rockies now. It's tightened a little bit, but not very much.
Ben Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein: When you look at that going forward, is there any plans put in any sort of base hedges to cover that going forward or is that something you've avoided?
Steve Chazen: We've avoided that because it seems like a way to make the brokers rich and me poor. So --
Ben Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein: I just had one other question. There's been some talk obviously in the news recently about Libya commentary coming out about the potential for renationalization, which seems like more noise than anything else. I was wondering if you could give us your view on that, if you've heard anything from the Libyan government.
Ray Irani: It is noise.
Ben Dell - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Chazen: That's Ray.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. First thanks for breaking out the production taxes. That will be helpful. The rig contract cancelations, can you say where they are, Steve?
Steve Chazen: Actually they're scattered. Somewhere here I have it -- they are South America and Mid-Continent are the bulk of them.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Got you. Some Piceance drilling as well.
Steve Chazen: Yeah, we call that Mid-Continent.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Okay, got you. If I missed it in your remarks, I apologize. I assume as the pace of stock buyback slows, you'll want to preserve balance sheet capacity to keep all options open, or am I mistaken in that?
Steve Chazen: No, you're not mistaken. We would like the business to get some idea where we're headed here. Keep on reading Wall Street reports and I can get [any number] I want. So I am waiting for more consistency.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: I know those reports are so helpful.
Steve Chazen: They are very helpful. We always listen to them.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: We'll keep them coming. On the production potential for the Middle East projects, can you scale that either the new ones, Bahrain, the couple from -- in Abu Dhabi and Oman, net or gross production over the next few years?
Ray Irani: As I said in my remarks, Arjun, we expect growth in 2009 even with reduced capital of 5% and the growth for the company would come primarily from the Middle East projects, which I talked about, and additional 5% growth in 2010 and further as you go down.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Steve Chazen: Listed in the remarks the individual projects, the Bahrain one because it is not a signed contract, we just don't want to talk about that at this time.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's great. I guess it seems like some of those projects will help offset whatever declines or less growth from the Permian, California and then --
Ray Irani: We don't expect declines.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Mielke.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. My question relates to the chemicals business. Can you give us an update on what you're seeing in 2009, and particularly in light of the write-down that you've taken in the segment as well? And I have a follow-up.
Steve Chazen: The write-down are basically PVC plants, relatively small PCV plants and that's not -- it's not material in the total. Basically those plants, we added capacity in one of our large plants and we've basically taking out the capacity in the smaller less efficient plants. We don't know. We had a good fourth quarter, a crummy December and there is some signs of life this quarter. But, we have to outlook the earnings for the chemical segment. I wouldn't view that as reflective of necessarily other people's chemical segment. This is pretty narrow business. The demand for caustic soda has declined some, but not as fast as the decline in people's production of it because there is no place to put the chlorine. We wouldn't go out and outlook the whole year at this point. We're lucky to get the quarter.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: The 100 million you outlined for the first quarter therefore is just -- that's as far as you can go at this point?
Steve Chazen: Pardon me?
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: So the 100 million you've outlined for the first quarter is as far as you can go in terms of guidance?
Steve Chazen: That's as far as I am willing to, anything else wouldn't be very reliable.
Ray Irani: We'd be guessing. We're giving you what we think we have a feel for, but beyond that you have to do macroeconomics.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Sure.
Steve Chazen: And wait on the new President's plan --
Steve Chazen: Maybe he wants to buy a bunch of PVC pipe.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Okay. My follow-up question is a follow-up to an earlier question on capital costs in the industry. Can you talk a bit about what are the areas in particular that you think costs need to come down and maybe the timeframe in which you envisage this happening?
Steve Chazen: The steel costs have already started to fall and they're falling fairly sharply, but there is more to go there. They look like they've fallen maybe a third from the peak. The big cost in the business is not so much for us, since we don't have big offshore drilling. It's really completion costs, and the completion costs are the area where I think there is a lot more room for improvement by the service providers, so I think that's the big area that I would look for. Seismic stuff is probably falling like a rock right now, but I think the completion costs are the key area. That's mostly labor and not so much hard goods.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: That can be quite sticky.
Steve Chazen: The suppliers want it to be sticky.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: In terms of timing, are you optimistic that you might see more of a match towards the middle of the year?
Steve Chazen: We're always optimistic, but who knows? They're coming down. There is no argument that it's coming down. It's just not whether it's fast enough and I think like a lot of people they're hoping that the current environment is temporary and good times will come back so they won't have to cut so much. We'll see as the year progresses since our crystal ball is no better than anybody else's.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Finally, can I ask about the M&A landscape? You've previously been very willing to talk about the gap between the bid ask spread on what the sellers were looking for and what the buyers were willing to pay. Are you seeing signs that is changing? Would you consider making what you can probably term as strategic resource acquisitions such as the oil sands or are you keeping your wallet closed at this point?
Steve Chazen: There is just not a lot of opportunity right now. The material that's up for sale is probably shrinking rather than growing, and there really isn't a lot of opportunity. I think they have the same view, the service people, this is temporary and good times will come here soon. So as far as for the short-term we don't see anything. As far as resource, we're mostly looking for cash flow and less looking for -- we have a huge inventory of things to do. Just an enormous inventory of things to do and once we get the costs in line and we'll -- there is no pressure on us to do something that's to build some imaginary resource. So as far as oil sands are concerned, we'll wait and see how that shakes out.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: You said that you expect to grow by more than 5% volumes in 2009 and 2010. And you also said that you felt that the lower CapEx wouldn't have a major impact on 2009 volumes. So I was wondering what the scale of the impact you'd expect to see on 2010 in volume terms.
Steve Chazen: We don't know. We gave you a rough idea for this year, about 10,000 barrels a day and we just don't know. And I think some of these other projects that Ray has talked about will more than offset whatever effect that is. Remember, the capital we're taking out was largely focused on quick payout sort of things rather than long term, and so we just don't know. We're hopeful that by year end that the costs will be in line with the product prices. So there may not be much effect in 2010. But if it is, it's still not going to be a big number.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I understand. And in terms of the split between gas and oil, do we assume that the -- your previous plan from two quarters ago you had to get that gas growing in '09, and I guess we would expect to see more impact on that gas based on your comments?
Steve Chazen: That's right. More impact on domestic gas.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Do you have a similar number to the $5 per MCF number that you gave for oil which at drilling becomes unattractive?
Steve Chazen: Probably under 30.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Steve, if we could just move over for that matter to Argentina, can you talk a little bit more, firstly, about the impairments, and secondly about the contract negotiations, and thirdly about the outlook for growth there in the context of both of those? Thanks.
Steve Chazen: The impairment was the acreage, not the production, and sort of tied to the contract discussions where we've been in discussions with them about extending the contract, but no results yet. And that acreage really depends -- exploiting that acreage well depends on the contract extension. So without a contract extension in the current environment, we thought it prudent to expense the acreage at this time.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: What's the prospect there for the extension?
Ray Irani: We're still talking. I can't give you a deadline.
Steve Chazen: We just --
Ray Irani: When it comes to government, whether it's in Argentina or Libya, it is dangerous to start to give you deadlines when this might happen. Discussions continue.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I understand. So you'd expect volumes then to be relatively flat to down?
Ray Irani: Well, no, no. We expect growth in Argentina, more modest than we would have told you a year ago. But there will be growth environment in Argentina in 2009, modest but definitely growth.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That does it for me. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Gammel.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Investment Management: Thanks. My question was starting to get exhausted here, but I wanted to come back to the reserve replacement numbers and try to put that in context of capital spend as well. I have got capital spend roughly $3.8 billion in the upstream in 2008. So am I kind of in the ballpark in thinking that were it not for price effects, finding and development costs would have been in the range of $17.50 a barrel, which is pretty favorable in comparison to what you've done the last couple of years in the industry. But when we look at the numbers that will actually get reported in the SEC reports, that number will be more like 35 a barrel, does that sound about right?
Steve Chazen: 17 is about right. 
Ray Irani: But if you just wait a week or two you will get the accurate number.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Investment Management: Fair enough. Okay.
Steve Chazen: But the 17 is about right.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Investment Management: Okay. That's all I had, guys. Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pavel with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Hi. Historically you have avoided hedging and certainly worked very well in first half of '08. Are you reevaluating your position in hedging in light of the current commodity environment?
Steve Chazen: No.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: And any circumstances where you would?
Steve Chazen: I suppose. I just can't come up with it right now. You never say never I suppose. But the answer to your question is my view on the counterparty risk is not becoming more comfortable.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Smith Barney: Good morning.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Smith Barney: How much of the 5% growth rate in '09 is coming from the acquisitions that you made in '08?
Steve Chazen: It's not very different than the chart we gave you in July.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay.
Steve Chazen: You might be a little off. There is obviously -- every time you re-estimate, the things move around. But in aggregate it's not very different than the chart we gave you in July, a little more probably the growth out in the Middle East because production sharing contracts have boosted our production.
Ray Irani: And the projects in Oman.
Steve Chazen: Yes, but that was in the chart there.
Ray Irani: Right.
Steve Chazen: From in July.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay.
Steve Chazen: So it's not a lot different except -- again we could re-estimate this every month to come up with slightly different numbers.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay, fair enough. And in the new gas projects in Oman and Abu Dhabi, what kind of gas price should we expect for those projects? So it could be something linked to some GCC oil price or it will be something else?
Ray Irani: Let me just cover this in total. Just like we told you in Dolphin, the returns on both projects will be attractive, and that's all I care to share with you.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay. Fair enough. On your -- sorry, go ahead.
Ray Irani: No, I mean, the projects include liquid, and they include gas, and so on and so forth. So to get into breaking out what this is and that is, the returns are very attractive even at today's price environment.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay. And on the sandwich deal that you guys signed last year, how is that project progressing in terms of construction and in terms of drilling on their end?
Steve Chazen: We don't watch their drilling, but you can ask them about the drilling, I think. But the plant itself is on track.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay. You're pretty confident that they will deliver the CO2 volumes?
Steve Chazen: I think so. But it's like any other contract. We believe they will. The CO2 is there, so there isn't a question of whether it's there or not. It's just a matter of drilling the wells, and there is no -- you won't see anything till into next year or sometime, 2010. So we don't see -- we have no reason to believe they won't deliver.
Ray Irani: This is a long-term investment and it's going to happen, and it's going to improve our production. Now to try and guess which month in 2010 or 2009 it is happening would not be useful, so for the longer term.
Steve Chazen: We don't see any reason to believe that they won't drill oil wells.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay, fair enough. In the last quarter I believe you guys accessed the debt capital markets. Do you foresee yourself doing that again this year?
Steve Chazen: Given our current program, we wouldn't probably. If we buy stuff or something like that and we look at it again, our debt if you take it per barrel equivalent we have got round figures, 3 billion barrels of reserves and we're pretty much committed to keeping our debt below $2 a barrel. So we've got that would be $6 billion of debt -- from my perspective debt capacity. And so we're a long way from that. But we don't foresee a need to just our operations to tap the markets. We have some debt maturities this year, about $700 million or so of debt maturities, and so we'll just see where we are. But we would only tap it for some sort of opportunity probably.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you for your time.
Steve Chazen: Sure.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). You have a follow-up question from the line of Michael Jacobs.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering Holt: Just a follow-up kind of high level question for Ray. You currently have a lot of international development opportunities in the queue. From a high level have you seen an increase in demand for your capital or technical expertise with respect to any future opportunities?
Ray Irani: No. Governments don't react that quickly and the places where we operate are quite different from one country to another. Clearly when you are dealing with Abu Dhabi, there is plenty of money. They don't need the money; it's the technology and know-how we have. Other places it's different. But overall there is no demand for additional investment. Our program has always been long term and the projects we just announced, we have been working on them for at least three years, some more, some less, and we have in the pipeline other projects which down the road will happen. It is not an instant response sort of thing.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering Holt: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manuel Heim.
Unidentified Analyst:
Steve Chazen:
Steve Chazen: You don't know. It's also -- there really isn't much out there being offered either. I think it isn't just been as spread as wide, there is nothing to bid on that amounts to much. So I think almost everybody is in some belief that by mid-year or some other time, things are going to get better. And all we can do is -- we just don't know. I think the pressure from the banks doesn't seem to me at this point to be a lot of pressure on small producers by the banks. You don't really see it. Even they are renegotiating the reserve base, because actually the bank really doesn't want to impair the value of any loans I think right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Steve Chazen: I wouldn't guess. They are impaired loans right now.
Unidentified Analyst: So in your own personal assessment, things will get better by the middle of the year or there is no way to know?
Steve Chazen: We don't know. I slept through the economics course in school.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Good for you. That's why you're a good CFO, or were, and now President. Sorry about that.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?  
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Christopher Stavros: Thank you, operator. And please feel free to call us in New York if you have any further questions. Thank you for listening in.
Operator: This concludes today's Occidental Petroleum fourth quarter 2008 earnings release call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-28 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Stavros - VP IR Ray Irani - Chairman and CEO Steve Chazen - President and CFO
Analysts: Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering, Holt Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research Equities Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James Manuel Heim - CM Energy Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch John Reardon - Crowell Weedon
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the third quarter 2008 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Stavros, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Stavros: Thank you [Vicenta] and good morning everyone. I'd like to welcome you to Occidental's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call from Los Angeles are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Chairman and CEO; and Steve Chazen, our President and CFO. In just a moment, I will be passing the call over to Steve who will spend some time discussing our balance sheet and cash flows, and also review our third quarter and nine months financial results. Our third quarter earnings press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedules, and the conference call presentation slides which refer to Steve's remarks can be downloaded also from our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Steve Chazen. Steve, please go ahead.
Steve Chazen: Thank you, Chris. We'll discuss earnings in detail in a few minutes. However, we would like to start with cash flows and our balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations for the nine months of 2008 was $8.1 billion. We used $3.2 billion of the company's cash flow to fund capital expenditures, $3.3 billion for acquisitions, and $680 million to pay dividends. We also spent $1.5 billion to repurchase 19.4 million common shares. These and other net cash outflows decreased our $2 billion cash balance at the end of last year by $550 million to $1.45 billion at September 30th. Debt was $1.8 billion at the end of September which was unchanged from December 31st, 2007. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 6%. Next year we have maturities totaling $714 million. After that we have maturities of $239 million in 2010, and $368 million in 2012. We ended the quarter with $1.45 billion of cash in the balance sheet. We recently borrowed on another $1 billion which could be used to cover debt maturities, and we will pay $1.25 billion for the Plains transaction. We have available unused lines of committed bank credit of $1.5 billion. A pro forma debt-to-total capitalization with the recent debt issue was 9%, or about $0.98 per BOE of proved reserves. Occidental generates significant cash flows over a wide range of prices. As noted in the cash flow available for capital and other uses slide including the Investor Relations package. For example, in 2005 when the WTI price were $57 a barrel, and production from continuing operations was 466,000 BOE a day, we had free cash flow of $2 billion after spending $2.3 billion for capital expenditures and $500 million for dividends. Cash flow from continuing operations is after interest and income taxes. Continuing operations excludes Russia, Horn Mountain, Ecuador and Pakistan. If you adjust for the 2005 dividends of $483 million, and $131 million net interest expense, and current 2008 annualized amounts of $912 million for dividends and interest expense, we would have cash flow available for capital expending in excess of $3.9 billion. Additionally, production has increased to 594,000 BOE per day in 2008, compared to 466,000 BOE a day for 2005. This is after removing Horn Mountain, Ecuador, Russia and Pakistan from the 2005 numbers. The increase in production is primarily from Dolphin, Argentina and domestic additions. These new programs on average generate more cash flow than the programs they replace. The difference between the first nine months run rate of 594,000 BOE a day, and 466,000 BOE a day of 2005, is about 45 million BOE per year. Using the production outlook, we gave you for next year in the last quarter's report of about 650,000 BOE a day; difference is about 200,000 BOE a day or about 70 million barrels per year. Therefore, we would have well over $3.9 billion in cash available for capital expenditures in the 2005, $57 per barrel WTI price. Let me now begin discussion of the third quarter's results. Net income for the quarter was $2.3 billion or $2.78 per diluted share, compared to $1.3 billion or $1.58 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2007 when prices were $75 per barrel. Here's the segment breakdown for the quarter. Oil and gas third quarter segment earnings were $3.618 billion, compared to $1.955 billion for the third quarter of 2007. Oil and gas core results for third quarter of 2007 were $1.914 billion after excluding gain for the sale of oil and gas interest and exploration properties. The following accounted for the increase in oil and gas earnings between these quarters. Higher worldwide oil and gas realizations resulted in increase of $1.8 billion of earnings over the comparable period last year. Occidental's average realized crude oil price in 2008 third quarter was $104.15 per barrel, an increase of 54% from the comparable period last year. Oxy's domestic average realized gas price for the quarter was $9.35 per mcf, compared to $5.90 for the third quarter of last year. Worldwide oil and gas productions third quarter of 2008 averaged 588,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, increased to 3% compared with the 570,000 BOE a day production in the third quarter of last year. The bulk of the production improvement was a result of 31,000 BOE per day of higher production of the Dolphin Project which began production last year at this time. Partially offsetting these increases were 5,000 BOE per day of lower volumes, attributable to Hurricane Ike, resulted from pipeline curtailments due to third party NGL fractionators along the Gulf Coast being [shut-in], and 13,000 BOE a day in lower volumes for Libya operations due to the new contract which I discussed in last quarter's conference call. Exploration expense was $61 million in the quarter, below our guidance of $90 million to $110 million. Oil and gas cash production costs for the first nine months of 2008 were $14.80 a barrel compared to last year's cost of $12.33 a barrel. Approximately 38% of the increase is related to increased energy costs. The increase reflected higher production tax and ad valorem tax, workovers and field operating cost. Chemical segment earnings for the third quarter of 2008 were $219 million, which was higher than our guidance of $135 million to $150 million. The higher earnings were attributable primarily to higher caustic soda prices. Chemicals earned $212 million in last year's third quarter. Midstream earnings for the third quarter of 2008 were $66 million, a decrease of $20 million from last year's results. The decline in earnings was due to lower crude oil marketing margins, partially offset by higher pipeline income from Dolphin, higher NGL margin in the gas processing business and improved margins on the power generation side. The worldwide effective tax rate was 40% for the third quarter. Let me now turn briefly to our performance for the first nine months. Net income was $6.414 billion or $7.79 per diluted share for the first nine months of 2008 compared to $3.948 billion or $4.69 per diluted share for the same period last year. The nine months 2008 reported net income was another record and was 62% higher than the first nine months of 2007 net income. Income for the first nine months of 2007 included a $1 billion benefit net of tax to the items noted on the schedule attached. Capital spending was $1.2 billion for the quarter and $3.2 billion for the first nine months. We expect our total capital spending for the year to be about $4.5 billion to $4.7 billion. Our preliminary estimate is that next year's capital spending will be no greater than this year's. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the nine months were 820.1 million. The weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 823.8 million. At September 30th, there were 810.1 million basic shares outstanding, and the diluted share amount was approximately 813.8 million. Oxy's 2008 annualized return on equity was 34% with the annualized return on capital employed of 32%. As we look ahead in the current quarter, we expect oil and gas production to be in the range of 610,000 to 625,000 BOE a day during the fourth quarter at approximately current oil prices. We expect fourth quarter production increases in the Middle East and North Africa, reflecting lower product prices on our production sharing contract, higher domestic production and production increases from Argentina. With regard to prices, a $40 per barrel decrease in WTI prices from the third quarter would reduce oil and gas fourth quarter earnings before income taxes by about $1.5 billion. Further changes of $5 per barrel in oil prices will impact oil and gas quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $190 million. A $3 per million BTU decline in domestic gas prices from the third quarter would decrease oil and gas quarterly earnings before income taxes by $140 million. Additionally, we expect exploration expenses to be about $150 million for seismic and drilling for exploration programs. We expect chemical segment earnings for the fourth quarter to be about $150 million. High caustic soda prices are expected to continue through the period, offset by weakness in the construction and housing markets impacting domestic demand. Despite the difficult economic conditions, a seasonally weak fourth quarter and concerns over export opportunities over the balance of the year, we believe these approximate earnings are likely. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate for the fourth quarter to be about 44%. We expect the rate to increase due to proportionately foreign source income and higher anticipated currently non-deductible foreign exploration. Our third quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the Investor Relations supplement. Copies of the press release announcing our results and the schedules are available on our website or through the Edgar system. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Michael LaMotte with JPMorgan.
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: Steve, if I could ask about the CapEx a little further, you mentioned that in '09 you don't expect it to be any greater than '08. I'm really trying to get a sense as to what the mix could look like, though. I know you have a good bit of discretionary spend in there, particularly with respect to workovers and that workover was a big portion of your volume guidance last quarter for '09 and 2010. Can you talk about how that might change and what impact that might have on volumes next year?
Steve Chazen: Well, most of the workover was started late this year in the back half of this year.
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: Okay.
Steve Chazen: I don't think you'll see much change in 2009 from this change.
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: From the --.
Steve Chazen: From the workovers that may have worked at $90 obviously have been stopped, because some of it was intended to just generate a quick hit. So, at this point, we probably wouldn't fool with the guidance for next year.
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: Either on CapEx or volumes?
Steve Chazen: For the volumes.
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: Yeah.
Steve Chazen: CapEx, we're still working on the CapEx. We expect that the costs will decline this coming year, as demand for oil field services declines, certainly in the United States. So it's pretty hard for us to guess what the impact will be, but right now we're working on a program that is somewhat less than the current run rate.
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: Okay.
Steve Chazen: We would be more specific if we know.
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: Sure, I understand. That's good color. On the $1 billion debt issuance, that price is around 7%, is that right?
Steve Chazen: 7%, right.
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: Okay. If I think about priorities for use of cash, you mentioned the 714 due in '09. 7% is not bad, particularly in this market. I mean, how would you think about sort of reloading again to take up the 714 in order to keep powder dry for acquisitions or other opportunities?
Steve Chazen:  I don't know. I just don't know. Just depends on where we are then. So, I just really don't know.
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: Okay.
Steve Chazen: If it changed, right now I'm told BBB issuers were a middle A issuer, but a BBB issuers, there is about $100 billion of them waiting in the queue for rates into the single-digits, I guess. So, I think it's going to be a very difficult year, next year, for people to refinance and so, we'll see. More likely than not we'll have enough free cash flow that we won't need to worry about the 714 of maturities.
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: So it certainly looks that way now?
Steve Chazen: Yeah. 
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: And then lastly from me on Argentina, up volumes a little bit in 4Q, so no real impact yet, what's going on down there?
Steve Chazen: If you look at the maps, it's a long way between Buenos Aires and [Antarctica]. And so the noise really doesn't have any effect. We can tell you to be optimistic about improving results in Argentina.
Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thanks.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Jacobs with Tudor Pickering, Holt.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering, Holt: Thank you and good morning.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering, Holt: Just going back to CapEx and thinking about how to overlay your comments on '09 CapEx with your high graded assets that generate more cash flow per barrel production today than similar assets generated in '05. When we think about that cash flow and compare it to capital spending from '05 to '06, on oil averaged roughly $60 a barrel, if oil prices average $60 a barrel in '09, should we infer that Oxy would spend somewhere between $2.25 billion and $3 billion in capital, or how high could that number go up?
Steve Chazen: I think you should expect that we'll spend about the same next year that we spent this year, which is 4.5 or so. So what we just show you here on this table, what we actually spent that year. But we've got a significantly bigger company, and some commitments to stuff. So, we'll probably spend closer to the 4, 4.5 area. But at that price, there is still a lot of room I think.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering, Holt: If you were forced to cut capital, could you point us towards where the first cuts would come out of within the overall?
Steve Chazen: If you're stuck with the current environment, which I don't know what that means exactly, but let's say if it were to freeze for a nanosecond before it changed, your gas drilling at $6 an mcf is probably something we would [defer]. Our leases are long lives, so we're not really doing anything to our inventory, we're just slowing that up a little bit. Some work over's or re-completions that might have worked in an $80 or $90 environment, we'd probably slow that up. We expect also that the oil field service costs are going to come down nicely here, and we hope to contribute to that decline.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering, Holt: Great. A final question. We would appreciate hearing your thoughts on what oil price you think the Middle East needs to maintain its social programs? And whether your outlook for securing additional development projects has become more positive in light of the rapid drop in oil prices?
Ray Irani: This is Ray Irani. I just read that the Prime Minister of Qatar, which is one of the richest countries in the region that they needed $55 million to balance their budget for spending plans and he thought that the current oil prices were too low, that's what he says. Clearly, they are suffering also. As you have probably read, the stock market in Saudi Arabia is down 50% this year today. Others in the region are down 20% or so. Some of their banks are struggling which proves again when the US has a flu, the rest of the world can struggle, some have pneumonia. So the economy of the world is being affected, including the Middle East. How bad this recession is deep, worldwide, will affect clearly demand and the psychology of the market. But as Steve said, we feel quite comfortable that $57 a barrel we'll still have free cash flow going through the numbers here. So, from there, you can draw any conclusions you want.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering, Holt: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes, hi everyone. It's actually Paul Sankey here.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning, Steve. Steve, could you help us a little bit with OpEx and how that will be affected by the downturn? I guess DD&A is going to be sticky, but then obviously the cash issues, I wondered if you could just walk us through some of those, how those will change? Thanks.
Steve Chazen: DD&A is going to be sticky, although it remains to be seen when we redo year end reserves how that turns out. But that's money already spent. So I mean that's part of the cash flow. Operating costs, obviously production taxes are going to fall sharply and electricity costs and CO2 costs for the third-party CO2 which is tied directly to oil prices. I know our workover costs are probably going to decline sizably. And you'll start to see that in the fourth quarter. So, I would guess there would be a fairly sizable reduction over the next two quarters in operating costs, even if we do nothing. I'd like to remind you that about a year ago, we engaged on a G&A reduction program which is we're starting to see some of the positive effects of that and some other things that we've done in anticipation of some kind of a downturn, I can't say predicted exactly this.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Can you give us a sense for the shares of various costs that you have mentioned? You didn't mention --?
Steve Chazen: It's around a couple of bucks a barrel equivalent, I would guess. The other part that's a little tricky; in our production sharing contracts, we pay all the operating costs and recover it through cost recovery. And so, as the volume goes up, as the production sharing contracts generate more barrels, the cost per barrel will decline from that too, because you have more barrels to spread your operating costs over. That may be a little hard to see. Maybe added $0.30 in last year to our operating cost per barrel. It's that change from last year's average price of 72 to this year's 113, you know, you've got about $0.30 just from that pool around the production sharing contracts. So, I mean there is a lot of moving parts, and it's hard for us to get an exact number.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes, but you're better than we are.
Steve Chazen: Yes.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: What about labor claim? I mean I guess we'd expect labor costs to be pretty sticky, right?
Steve Chazen: Certainly, our labor costs will be sticky, but they probably are not going to go up either.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And what kind of proportion would they be of the overall cost?
Steve Chazen: Not very much of the total. I would guess it's no more than a third of the operating costs, maybe less.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: You mentioned that there was activity at 90 that you're not going to continue obviously at 65. How much like 1,000 a day or something?
Steve Chazen: Certainly below 5,000. Whether it's 1,000 or 1,500 or 2,000, I don't really know, but it's certainly within our error band.
Ray Irani: Yes, we want to remind you that Steve mentioned our volume next year we expect to be up significantly. In spite of controlling capital spending, we expect that to continue at current oil prices.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: That's the 650,000 a day that you had just mentioned.
Ray Irani: That's correct.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: So, effectively, you've cut your CapEx, but you've maintained your volume guidance as such.
Steve Chazen: Ultimately cutting the capital if it has any effect would be beyond the forecast period.
Ray Irani: If oil prices continue at this level, I would expect tightening of supply and demand in a few years to take place, because we're not the only ones in the universe, and capital spending by foreign governments will be affected. And then they are the bulk of the production in this world.
Steve Chazen: Yes. If I could ask you Dr. Irani what was your perspective on the OPEC meeting? I thought some of the language was interesting, from the Saudis particularly. What was your interpretation of what happened?
Ray Irani: Well, the Saudis have a difficult decision to make. We're between Presidents, and they don't want to appear to be contributing to the economic downturn in the United States. So, they were very careful in agreeing to the production cut, because the last thing they needed was to announce the production cut and the price of oil jumps up to high numbers and then people start throwing stones again. My interpretation is a 1.5 barrels a day was announced. Clearly for that to happen, the bulk of that reduction has to come from Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and UAE. Because the other countries, which were looking for much higher cuts at this point in time, probably won't contribute to that cut materially. So looking at the end result, the announced cut did not raise prices significantly, as a matter of fact, pricing went down. So specifically, my interpretation of the Saudi's feel that what was announced was appropriate in today's political environment.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Do you think that will be a re-opening of opportunities in the Middle East? And now, we seem to change our view of this every six months but, do you think --
Ray Irani: I think it's too early to make a conclusion. I'm leaving for the Middle East in a week to pursue our business there and other opportunities we are working on.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gammel with Macquarie.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research Equities: Thank you. I just had a quick question on the 2009 debt maturities first of all. My understanding was that the bulk of those maturities are actually consolidated subsidiary debt. So is there an actual cash outflow for Oxy when that debt actually becomes due?
Steve Chazen: The answer is, it depends. The debt is Dolphin debt. And it will either be refinanced by Dolphin, in which case there would be no outflow, or we would pay our share, which is what we've currently planned for.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research Equities: Okay, excellent. So the 714 is not necessarily the full cash outflow, I just wanted to check on the liquidity portion there. One more, please. In the second quarter, you had announced the plan with SandRidge to go forward with a CO2 extraction plant in the Permian Basin work, where you would be the up taker of the CO2 for EOR purposes. SandRidge has [since] announced some pretty significant cuts for their capital budget, would you be willing to actually fund the Century Plant in order to open up the incremental EOR activity that would represent, or would you just defer those EOR projects until such time as you could get another source of CO2?
Steve Chazen: We are funding the Century Plant. That's all Oxy money, there is no SandRidge money at all. So the plant itself is being built with Oxy money. SandRidge is building it, but they are building it with our money. So I don't think there is any real risk to the plant. I think your question really is about their well drilling program? They have a deliver or pay commitment for the gas. They have to deliver the gas when it's ready to the plant. If you don't deliver, bad things happen.
Jason Gammel - Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. Thanks for the clarification on that, Steve.
Steve Chazen: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pavel with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Hi, could you guys give us a quick update on the level of CapEx you anticipate in Libya next year? And similarly, what oil price you think supports continued activity in your properties there?
Steve Chazen: We don't know. It's subject to approval of the Libyan Government for the capital level. It's a negotiation. Remember, Libyans have to put up half the money, and so it's a little more complicated than just what we want to do. Libyan production is fairly low cost, so I don't really know what the number would be, but $25, $20 somewhere. It might be lower than that because the lifting cost is quite low. The capital is really for growth rather than maintenance. It's really hard for us to come up with a firm number. All of these estimates about what something might be that might be economical at some oil price or gas price. You have to make some assumption about oil field service and steel costs and that sort of thing. You can't really make the assumption that gas is going to be $5 an mcf and oil is going to be $25 a barrel, and steel is going to be $2,200 a ton. I mean, those numbers just don't go together. And so it's very difficult for companies to come to grips with what the breakeven price of anything is with radically changed product prices.
Ray Irani: I think the accurate thing is what Steve said earlier, at current oil prices of $57 even a barrel, Oxy will have free cash flow next year. Our capital spending will be at or below what we're going to spend this year, which about $4.5 billion. And we'll have significant growth in volume which we estimate currently at 650,000 barrels a day in 2009. I think those numbers are much more accurate than if you start digging into the pieces. We've been looking at the pieces and we've given you our best estimates for the overall picture.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: That helps. Just a quick follow-up on Libya. If the numbers that you will propose to the Libyan Government, are they going to be for same level of spending or increased or decreased level of spending?
Ray Irani: Well,; our people are meeting in Libya to look at these things. And as far as what we are going to put together with them, it's the plan we had before. But as we said, it's not a one-man show here. They are partners of ours, and so they have to approve those programs.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Understood. Thank you very much.
Ray Irani: The financial ones are spending, because frankly, usually you have to prod those government entities to go along. So, we have some influence on the spending, but not totally in our hands.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Yes. Got it. Thank you.
Ray Irani: You have to fund half the money. The Libyan central government might decide that a road is more valuable than more drilling for all we know.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Got it.
Ray Irani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Manuel Heim with CM Energy].
Manuel Heim - CM Energy: My question is for Steve.
Manuel Heim - CM Energy: You're probably the most [inaudible] CFO in the oil patch.
Steve Chazen: I like to see who is in second place.
Manuel Heim - CM Energy: A lot of people are in last place. But can you kind of give us your perspective on, I don't want to bury Q4 on this, but on the government's efforts to try to free up the banking system here, what implications that may have the willingness of the commercial banks still into the kind of the middle to smaller size E&P companies and whether or not problems they may be having in the banking system could be opportunistic for you guys to pick off assets at a lot cheaper price than you could have absent just declining oil and gas prices?
Steve Chazen: In the last month or two, we've made offers. People have come to say would you buy these small assets. We've made offers, and the offers have been rejected, by the way. But we were the only bidder, because there is no cash. And right now, the sellers are looking at six months ago prices and the buyers are looking at a lot lower than that, shall we say. There is really not much going on now. I think there is a lack of reality. The small producers I think are going to have a very difficult time with the banks getting more capital at this point. And as I talked about earlier, there is enormous backlog in the BBB space for bond deals and never mind the BB space. So, it's hard for me to envision banks being enthusiastic lenders to companies that in my view are overleveraged already.
Manuel Heim - CM Energy: So, we could see some forced selling over some of these assets?
Steve Chazen: I think they believe that somehow on December 31st or January 1st, there is going to be incredible change.
Manuel Heim - CM Energy: Right. In the reporting of reserves?
Steve Chazen: No, I don't know what it is, some change that the world is going to get better and once again happy days will be here again. And I think the damage to banking system is so much greater than in my lifetime that I don't believe that. A lot of the buyers who competed for properties, I don't mean just the companies, but whatever they're called, leverage [myers] just are going to be out of the business. So, I think it's going to be a very tough environment for someone who has got too much debt. The right amount of debt for this industry I have always felt is about zero.
Manuel Heim - CM Energy: Well, you're pretty close to it. So, you're right.
Steve Chazen: Pretty close to zero. Zero would be about right.
Manuel Heim - CM Energy: Do you think we'll see some of these bank lines being reduced to the point where some of these overleveraged companies will be forced to sell assets by the bank to get down to the roaring buzz.
Steve Chazen: Well, unfortunately for the banks, most of these people re-up their lines within the last few years
Manuel Heim - CM Energy: Right
Steve Chazen: It's really hard to reduce it. So, I think their lines will be there. But even with the reduced capital spending plans that some of these people have, I don't see where the free cash flow comes from to do what they're saying. And some of them are relying on asset sales to stupid buyers, and I'm sure there are some stupid buyers, but probably not an infinite number.
Manuel Heim - CM Energy: Okay. One follow-up, if I may. I believe you communicated to me your preference has been for North American oil and you see more opportunities in the North America as opposed to Middle East where people may be bid down the rates of returns on some of those big projects. Given what's going on in the worldwide financial system, I know you certainly don't know about some of the projects in the Middle East. But is your preference still for North America? Is it still for oil? Or could we see you being more aggressive on the gas side, given some opportunities that might come up from weak sellers who have maybe assets and are merging unconventional resource plays where returns could be quite good once the gas price recovers. Is that something that could be of interest to you?
Steve Chazen: Well, as I told before, it's really not about oil and gas, but about money. So, if we see better returns in gas, that's where we'll spend what we have, and where we don't, we won't. We are interested in building inventory of drilling locations over that we can harvest over the next decade. So, that's probably says maybe more gas. But we have to manage what we know how to do. We can't do something that's out of character, because the learning curve is too steep.
Manuel Heim - CM Energy: Okay. Well, congrats on your results. And thanks for the great answers.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Mielke with Merrill Lynch.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: I'd like just to stay with the theme of the earlier caller, on potential for asset deals or indeed corporate transactions. Are you surprised that we haven't seen corporate deals in these markets?
Steve Chazen: No. Let's say you're a small producer, medium sized producer, whatever you want to call, and your stock is $20 today, and six months ago it was $80. I think it's very difficult to go to the Board and say I'd like to take $20 of Joe Blow stock or $20 in cash or $25, whatever it is. And I think until the reality comes that this is sort of the way it is, I don't think you'll see much, I could be wrong, of course, unlikely to be wrong. But I really wouldn't expect to see much until next year. I think almost all of the medium, small producers think things are going to be back to something like normal in the first and second quarter of next year. And so they are stretching themselves to make it through then, in which same time things will be better they believe, maybe they will. I certainly hope they are better. But they might not be, and I think that's when the rubber will hit the road and that's when they'll be looking for deals.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So almost a distressed seller scenario?
Steve Chazen: Yeah, a distressed seller scenario, and I don't think you'll see that until sometime next year.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Great. And given the earlier discussion, do you have an update on Dolphin and the long-term growth plans there?
Steve Chazen: Dolphin is doing very, very well. It continues to produce above design capacity, and by production sharing contracts there, volume would be increasing next year because today's oil prices are lower than they were last year. As far as the additions go, that's really a negotiation between governments.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: And the current environment is not conducive for that?
Steve Chazen: We don't know. It's a negotiation between governments.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from [John Reardon with Crowell Weedon].
John Reardon - Crowell Weedon: Actually, my question has been answered. So, thank you very much. And have a good day.
Steve Chazen: Sure.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Christopher Stavros: Thank you everyone for dialing-in and listening this morning. And have a good day. And please call us in New York if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-24 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Ray Irani  Chairman and CEO Steve Chazen  President and CFO Casey Olson  President of Oil and Gas in the Eastern Hemisphere
Analysts:  Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities Michael LaMotte  JP Morgan Eitan Bernstein  FBR Capital Markets Bernard Picchi  Wall Street Access Robert Kassler  Simmons & Company Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James Mike Jacobs  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co Faisel Khan  Citigroup Dough Legit [ph]  Quadrom Capital [ph] 
Operator:  Good morning, my name is Sheryl and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions).  Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Christopher Stavros. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Stavros: Thanks very much, Sheryl and good morning everyone. I'd like to welcome you to Occidental second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call from Los Angeles are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Chairman and CEO; Steve Chazen, our President and CFO; and Casey Olson, Oxy's President of Oil and Gas in the Eastern Hemisphere. In a moment, I'll be passing the call over to Dr. Irani who will highlight some of Oxy's recent announcements and future development opportunities. Steve Chazen will then review our second quarter and six month financial results and will also provide greater detail on our plans for increased capital spending, oil and gas drilling activity and our outlook for growing our oil and gas production through the remainder of the decade.  Our earnings press release investor relations supplemental schedules in the conference call presentation slides, which refer to Steve's remarks can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. And I'll now turn the call over to Dr. Irani. Dr. Irani, please go ahead. 
Ray Irani: Thank you, Chris and good morning everybody. Today, we are very pleased to announce a record second quarter with net income of $2.3 billion, a 63% increase compared to the second quarter of 2007. Net income for the first six months of 2008 was $4.1 billion, an increase of 58% over the comparable six month period last year. These results reflect, not only, the strong oil and natural gas prices which have generally benefited the industry but also the increase production across Oxy's operations. Comparing the first six months of this year to the first six months of 2007, our total worldwide production has increased by about 7% to an average daily production of 598,000 BOE per day despite the labor dispute in Argentina during May, which is now settled.  Very shortly, Steve, will discuss our results in more detail. But first, I'd like to mention some recent developments that will enable us to further expand our worldwide production and create additional value for Oxy's stockholders. As most of you are aware, the majority of Oxy's production is in the United States which last year provides a 63% of our total production and 35% of our proven reserves. We are the leading oil producer in Permian Basin in South West Texas and South East New Mexico with production at a rate of about 200,000 barrels of oil equivalents per day. In California, we are the largest natural gas producers, the third largest oil producer, and in total our current net total production in California averages a 126,000 barrels of oil (inaudible) per day. And we have stated repeatedly, that our long-term strategy is to maintain the U.S production to be over 50% of worldwide production and to have reserves well over 50% of the total, and so we intend to strengthen Oxy's net North America position even further.  We are making a significant effort to increase North America production with strategic acquisitions and increased billing. In the coming months, we will increase our 2008 capital expenditure budget to a total of $4.7 billion. This year, we plan on building and pre-completing approximately 400 wells located in each of our key business areas throughout the United States, namely, the Permian Basin in Texas and New Mexico, the Piceance Basin in Northwest Colorado and our California operations, and, we're also increasing building activity in Argentina, Colombia, and Libya.  The primary means of increasing production is through enhance oil recovery, including carbon dioxide flooding in which Oxy is an industry leader. We are now able to apply this technology to wells, which at lower oil prices, previously, were not economical to operate with EOR. And so consequently, these wells had what I would call low laying fruits [ph]. To enhance our position in CO2 oil recovery, last month we announced that we will develop a hydrocarbon gas processing plant and related pipeline infrastructure in West Texas that would provide a new source of CO2 for EOR at our existing properties in the Permian Basin. The project is expected to add approximately 500 million barrels to our industry leading reserves in the Permian over the next five years at a very attractive cost all from assets we currently own. This additional CO2 supply will enable us to expand production in the Permian by a minimum of 50,000 barrels of oil a day within the next five years.  Adding further to our North American assets, last month we agreed to purchase a 15% interest in the Total operated Joslyn oil sands project in Alberta, Canada. As you may know, this is one of the premier oil sands project in the world with over 8 billion barrel of hydro carbon in place. We estimate recoverable reserves net to Oxy to be about 370 million barrels. We expect to spend about $2 billion over the next few years to develop these reserves in Canada with production targeted to begin in 2014.  While we are emphasizing Oxy's North American operations, we continue to pursue our long-term strategy to grow the business at a faster pace in the Middle East and to pursue opportunities that meet our stringent standards for financial return. Last month, I joined with officials from the Libyan national oil company to formally sign new 30 year agreements upgrading our existing petroleum contracts in Libya covering fields with approximately 2.5 billion barrels of the recoverable high quality oil reserves. The new contracts would increase our profits from Libya immediately and allow us to increase production for the future.  Also significant for Oxy's continued potential growth in the Middle East long-term is our pre-qualification by the government of Iraq to participate in discussions to develop a number of that country's most prolific oil fields. As you are aware, development of these massive fields is a critical engine of growth for the Iraqi national economy. Depending on the security situation in Iraq, which is fluid, there is a possibility of projects being finalized by late next year. With the first two quarters of 2008 not concluded, we are pleased with Oxy's success and growth in light of the excellent additions to our asset portfolio and promising projects and pipelines, we expect 2008 to be another outstanding year for Oxy. And I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Chazen.
Steve Chazen:  Thank you, Ray. Core results for the quarter were a record $2.3 billion, or $2.79 per diluted share, compared to $943 million, or $1.12 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2007. Second quarter core results superseded the previous records set in the first quarter by 26%. Here's the segment breakdown for the second quarter. Oil and gas second quarter of 2008 segment earnings were $3.8 billion, compared to about $1.7 billion for the second quarter of 2007. Oil and gas core results for the second quarter of 2007 were about $1.6 billion after excluding gains from sale of oil and gas interest last year. The following account for the increase in oil and gas earnings between these quarters. Higher worldwide oil and gas price realizations result in an increase of $2.2 billion of earnings, over the comparable period last year. Oxy's average realized crude oil price of 2008 second quarter was $110.12 per barrel, an increase of 86% in the comparable period in 2007. Oxy's domestic average realized gas price for the quarter was $9.99 per MCF, compared with $7.07 per MCF in the second quarter of 2007. Worldwide oil and gas production in the second quarter of 2008 averaged 588,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. An increase of over 5% comparable to 558,000 BOE production second quarter of last year. The bulk of production proven result of 46,000 BOE a day from the Dolphin project began production in third quarter of 2007 from the recently acquired domestic assets partially offset by 15,000 barrel a day in lower volumes from Argentine operations due a the strike in the Santa Cruz province in May of this year which I will discuss later and lower production of 19,000 BOE per day caused by higher oil prices affecting our production sharing contracts.  Dolphin contribute to $101 million to after-tax income during the second quarter on sales volume of 46,000 BOE a day. Dolphin's sales volume decreased in the first quarter of 2008 due to the effect of higher prices on our production sharing contracts which have reached the cost recovery ceiling for this year. Exploration expenses, $58 million on the quarter.  Oil and gas cash production cost for six months of 2008 were $14.08 a barrel, compared with last year's cost of $12.33 a barrel. Approximately 47% of the increase relate to increased energy cost. The increase reflected higher production and ad valorem taxes in field operating cost. Additional 17% of the increase was caused by the production effective production sharing contracts.  The back-half of the year, we are boosting our expensed work over activity by 65% nor the increased production in the current high product price environment. Chemical segment earnings for the second quarter of 2008 were a $144 million. Chemicals earned a $158 million in last year's second quarter. Midstream segment earnings for the second quarter of 2008 were a $161 million, increase of a $136 million in the second quarter of 2007 results. Improvement was due to higher pipeline income from Dolphin, higher NGO margins in the Gas Processing business, and improved margins in the marketing side. Positive mark-to-market adjustments also contributed to pipeline and storage earnings during the second quarter of 2008. The worldwide effective tax rate was 42% to the second quarter of 2008.  Now let me  now turn to Oxy's performance during the first six months. Net income was about $4.1 billion, or $5.01 per diluted share, for the first six months of 2008, compared with about 2.6 billion, or $3.11 per diluted share, for the same period last year.  Six months 2008 reported net income was another record and was 58% higher than the first six months of 2007, the former record. Income for the first six months of 2007 included 893 million net of tax, the items noted on the scheduled reconciling our net income to core results.  Capital spending for the quarter was 1.1 billion and $2 billion for the first six months. Cash flow from operations for the six months was $5 billion. We used 2 billion of the company's cash flow to fund capital expenditures, $2.3 billion for acquisitions, which included a $450 million payment for the Libya contract bonus, and $415 million to pay dividends. We used $816 million to repurchase 11.1 million common shares in the average price of $77.82 a share. These outflows decreased our $2 billion cash balance the end of last year by 500 million to 1.5 billion in June 30th. That was 1.8 billion at the end of June which is unchanged from year-end.  The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the six months were 822.5 million, and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 826.9 million. At June 30th, there were 818.1 million basic shares outstanding and the diluted share amount was approximately 822.4. The Board has authorized repurchase an additional 20 million in shares, which brings the total remaining share repurchase authorization to 35.2 million. Oxy's 2008 annualized return on equity was 35%, with annualized return on capital employed of 32%.  As we look ahead in the current quarter with regard to prices, $1 per barrel change in oil price impacts oil and gas quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $37 million. The sensitivity includes the impact of Dolphin. We also included as a production sharing contract price impact of approximately 300 barrels per day. Assuming a $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices is a $25 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes.  Additionally, we expect exploration expenses to be about $90 to $110 million for seismic and drilling for exploration programs. We expect Chemical Segment earnings in the third quarter to be similar this second quarter results, with a range of $135 to $150 million. Weakness in the construction and housing market continue to impact domestic demand, while higher feedstock of energy cost have reduced margins. These factors have been partially offset by higher cost accelerated prices and higher polyvinyl export volumes. Despite difficult economic conditions, the concerns over export opportunities over the balance of the year, we believe these range of earnings is highly likely. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the third quarter remain at 42%, our second quarter U.S. and foreign tax rates included in the investor relations supplement.  Now, turning to our capital spending program. We expect to increase our 2008 capital spending estimate to $4.7 billion which is an increase of $700 million or 17%. This additional money we'll use to drill 254 new wells to complete 145 additional capital workovers. Overall, this represents a 16% increase in new wells and a 12% increase in capital workovers. Scheduled detail in this increased capital activity in 2008 is included in the Investor Relations slides.  Majority of the activity will be in California where we're adding six additional drilling rigs. We will expanding our rig fleet in the Elk Hills area by five, drilling additional 100 wells, mostly in shallow zones. We've added 50 capital workovers to our activity in the second half of the year. We are doubling the exploration wells in Elk Hills area to 20. In other California areas, we're expanding existing developments.  We are also adding six drilling rigs in Latin America, where in Argentina we'll be increasing drilling to offset the impact of the recent strike, during which, we could not engage in any drilling activities. We are also carrying out an extensive workover program in Argentina. In Colombia, we are expanding our drilling in the LCI field. In the Middle East, North Africa, additional wells are being drilled in the Masila area in Yemen. In Libya, we'll be drilling four additional exploratory wells, three of which are within the new contract area. Finally, we are increasing our midstreams spending primarily for the construction of new West Texas Gas Processing Plant and related pipeline which was announced at the end of June.  As we look at future production, we expect oil and gas production to be in the range of 590 to 600,000 barrels a day during the third quarter, at approximately $125 oil price. The strike in Argentina's Santa Cruz province lasted approximately five weeks. We're folded [ph] and complete shutdown of all production and drilling activities in that region. Production is back to approximately pre-strike levels. In addition, drilling activity expect to increase in second half of the year with additional rigs that are being deployed. As a result, the Argentine production is expect to increase by about 19,000 BOE a day from second quarter of levels. With this production, we expect to be 8,000 barrels a day in the third quarter with liftings of only about 5,000 BOE a day. The new contract terms reduced the company's share of production, offset by a reduction in tax rates which results in much more favorable earnings, perhaps two to three times existing levels. Other operations expect to have an increase in production. Shown in the investor relations slides a table which provides daily production rate forecast for the first using the first six months of this year as a base. Production expect to be 610,000 barrels a day in the second half of the year of 2008 and total growth of 2008 will be 6%. Due to higher price that we've lost 13,000 barrels a day which is about 2% of our production versus our original initial $80 WT outlook from production sharing contracts. Production is expect8 to be 650,000 barrels a day in 2009, and 705,000 barrels a day in 2010. Our growth rate for both years would be 8% per year. Accumulative growth rate for the three-year period is 7.3%. These estimates are all based on a WTI price of $111 consistent with the first six months of 2008. At this price level, for every $5 change in WTI production will be an inversely impacted by about 1,500 barrels a day. Recognizing the likelihood for fluctuations in project timing, expect the range of 600 to 620,000 barrels a day for the last six months of this year, 640 to 670,000 BOE per day in 2009 and 609 to 720,000 BOE a day in 2010. Turning to the individual areas, we expect an increased production by expanding our drilling program in Elk Hills and surrounding areas; in plays such as the Antelope Shale and deeper pay zones where we have had recent exploration successes. We are also planning various to enhanced oil recovery projects, such as the expansion of the successful Eastern shallow oil zone waterflood.  In Ventura County California, we have an active drilling exploitation program in a deeper pay horizon beneath an existing successful waterflood, which is also being enhanced. In a Wilmington field Long Beach, we are trying to drill several delineation wells as a follow-up to a deeper exploration success.  In the Midcontinent/Rockies area, we expect to double our gas production exit rate in Piceance Basin by the end year from the current levels of 40 million a day to 80 million a day, as a result of 2008 drilling program, and to a 100 million a day in 2009 through an expanded development program. In conjunction with the increased production, we are retrofitting our Conn Creek gas plant compression facility to double its capacity to 80 million a day by year-end and to increase it to 100 million a day next year. We currently have 40 million a day of gas transportation capacity out of the Rockies. Based on contracts and placements, we'll increase capacity to 100 million a day this year and expect to finalize agreements for additional 50 million a day by 2011.  Our joint venture with Plains is also expanding its drilling activity in the Basin, which should increase production that currently have 26 million a day to 36 million a day by the end of the year and 44 million a day next  by 2010. In addition, we are pursuing oil exploration activity in Utah, which we expect to add to our production in that region.  In the Permian Basin, our ongoing drilling program is being accelerated around several place, take advantage of the exploitation opportunity from acquisitions over the last few years. We will expand our workover activity significantly by increasing our service rigs from 155 to 175 within the next few months.  We are increasing our CO2 flood program through additional resources from Bravo Dome, together with the drilling program and workover activity, is expect to increase out production over the next two years by about 10,000 barrels a day. By 2010, we should also see a positive impact on our production additional CO2 resources in the recently announced SandRidge transactions which will enable us to increase our production by a minimum of 50,000 barrels a day within the next five years.  In Latin America, our near field exploration program in Argentina continuous to be successful. This has enabled us to identify multiple new drilling locations in addition those in our current program. We will achieve significant production growth by expanding our drilling in these areas and other areas with the addition of five  hot five high performance rigs. In Columbia, we expect that th LCI will largely offset the natural decline to Cano Limon.  Moving to the Middle East, North Africa, and Dolphin, the higher prices and success realized to date have resulted in a very rapid pace of cost recovery. Consequently, at a $111 oil price, we will realize fuel barrels production going into the future. Libya's net production will decline as a result of the new contract which took into effect at the end of the second quarter. Based on current pricing, we expect earnings to increase two or three times under the new contract. As a result of our increased capital development program, production will increase over the nine  next five years to former levels with much improved profits.  In Oman, development efforts in the giant Mukhaizna steam flood are on track and we expect to exit 2008 at the gross level approximately 50,000 barrels a day. Large scale drilling activity in the range of 200 wells per year coupled with the introduction of multiple water treatment facilities to supply the steam generators, allow us increase gross production the rate of 100,000 barrels a day by year end  by year end 2009 and a 115,000 barrels per day by year end 2010. We expect our net production in Oman to double by 2010 to around 54,000 barrels a day.  In Qatar, we have agreed with the government on a third phase development plan to the ISND field. This phase entails about 70 low risk, infill drilling projects, as well as further platform and pipeline enhancements over 2008 to '10 time frame. A third drilling rig has recently been added to perform a large number of rate enhancing workover projects in ISND, and further development drilling activity is expected at the Al-Rayyan Field beginning in late 2008 and 2009. We expect this additional development activities to increase Oxy's net production in Qatar by as much as 20% over by 2008 over 2008  by 2010 over 2008 levels. Yemen's production reflects a base decline in the Masila field. It's important to note that this forecast is based on existing projects and does not contemplate any new projects or future acquisitions. Copy of the press release in our schedules are available on our website or through the Edgar [ph] system. We are now ready to take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question is coming from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities:  Hi, good morning Steve.
Steve Chazen:  Morning.
Ray Irani:  Morning.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities:  Steve, you've said something here in terms of going a kind of detail we wanted to see on growth, and you also have an announcement on buying back. Could you just go through the processation [ph], strategic decision that you've taken there in terms of how much you want to spend on developing organic growth and how much you would spend on buying back stock, given where the stock prices now? Thanks.
Steve Chazen:  On the stock buy back, organic growth  we'll spend what we need to have in organic growth as long as it works, works on a at some reasonable oil price. I think where the difference will be, it's very difficult to  right now to do large scale acquisitions that would compete with buying back stock and so the excess cash would be used as long as the stocks is reasonable price  would be used to buy back shares. The reason we asked for additional authority from the board was we felt (inaudible) we're not on authority before the next board meeting.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities:  I got you, and so that means we can expect to see the buy back accelerating pretty much from here, I guess?
Steve Chazen:  As soon as the window ends.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities:  Right. So basically, you haven't been in the market recently because you've been blanked [ph] now, obviously, and it's not rateable but basically when window closes, we would expect to see therefore more than 860 million, which is the first half number obviously of share re-purchase in the second half.
Steve Chazen:  Obviously, we could compute the free cash flow of the company and for the back half of the year using whatever estimates you want to use, and we're not going to build cash. And while we would have, probably some smaller acquisitions and a large scale ones, so I would think you can get an idea of the scale.
Ray Irani:  Yeah, but the bottom line, we will accelerate the share repurchase through the second half. 
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Securities:  Okay, great. Thanks guys. I will leave you now. 
Operator:  Thank you. Next question is coming from Michael LaMotte of JP Morgan. 
Michael LaMotte  JP Morgan:  Thanks guys. I do thank you for all the details. It's great. Where to start with the questions. I guess first, in California, if I look at the volume progression of  in the first half and then look at the increase in commitments to wells and  rigs and wells, how quickly do you think we'll see a production response in that region?
Steve Chazen:  Well, things always go slower than you might like. As far as the production, they've always want to test and fool around. So, I think, the schedule we've shown here is a reasonably conservative schedule. We would hope for a better results earlier, but I think, given the history of it, I think, we'll stay with this conservative view. 
Michael LaMotte  JP Morgan:  Okay. 
Steve Chazen:  You can see it boost in the second half and then into next year and the year after. The range that you see at the bottom, well, it has some other things in it as, the upper end of the range is probably some idea where we would hope California would wind up. 
Michael LaMotte JP Morgan:  Okay. And then, I was intrigued that the 17% increase in CapEx roughly correlates with the increase in wells, so would suggest that you're not seeing much rig inflation or service cost inflation. We've seen a lot increase in tubular cost and other equipment and services cost. Are you booked up with  are the rigs secured and the  a lot of equipment procured at this point?
Steve Chazen:  We wouldn't show them unless they were secured.
Michael LaMotte  JP Morgan:  Very good. In terms of '09, I mean 
Steve Chazen:  tubular goes, there's no question that's sorry. 
Michael LaMotte  J.P Morgan:  Yeah.
Steve Chazen:  But it's a small portion than Total. 
Michael LaMotte  J.P Morgan:  Shallow wells then?
Steve Chazen:  Yeah. These we drill mostly post holes. 
Michael LaMotte  J.P Morgan:  Okay. And then if I could get you to touch on Elk Hills specifically and to sort of what you're learning in the Monterey shale play in that particular field. Anything you want to elaborate on there?
Steve Chazen:  Nothing I want to elaborate on. But we've had some pretty good success and I think as we expand the program and you see a lot of it's dedicated to that kind of activity whether it's called Monterey or Antelope. And so, we'll have more detail as the year progresses but the initial results are very encouraging. We have a huge acreage position not just around our Elk Hills but in California. So, if this works, it probably works pretty good. 
Michael LaMotte  J.P Morgan:  That's great. I'll end it there. Thanks Steve.
Steve Chazen:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from Eitan Bernstein of FBR Capital Markets. Eitan your line is live. 
Eitan Bernstein  FBR Capital Markets:  Sorry about that. Still had it on mute. Congratulations on a strong quarter and thanks for the additional detail. Would you consider levering up in a  and accelerating share buybacks more meaningfully? Obviously, the balance sheet is very, very strong. Maybe a little more so than is needed. 
Steve Chazen:  You know, having been through a ride for the last decade, it's hard for me to say that the balance sheet could be too strong but we'll just look at the product at the stock price and take appropriate actions to ensure that the stock is  that we're getting good value for the shareholders, which we clearly are at this point. We couldn't replace any portion of the  sizable portion of the business at what the stock is trading for now implicitly. So, we got plenty of cash for now. We'll see as we go forward. 
Eitan Bernstein  FBR Capital Markets:  Okay. Great, thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question is coming from Bernard Picchi of Wall Street Access. 
Bernard Picchi  Wall Street Access:  Yes, good morning. I would ask about something that you didn't talk about in the slides. And by the way, thanks very much for all the information, it's great. I know it's really dazed, but, Dr. Irani, you said that you are looking at Iraq. Could you give us an idea of what you are looking at in terms of target sizes whether you are looking in the North or the South and kind of what  what kind of  would that be a production sharing contract or a more traditional kind of Western contract? What  can you give us a little bit more detail, a little bit more color if you could on what you have in mind for Iraq? Because it could be very, very important for the company going forward.
Ray Irani:  Thanks. Let me say a couple of words and I turn it over to Casey Olson. There are some very large field in Iraq which are going to be available. And there are smaller ones, but which are very significant. Realistically, the huge ones are going to be run by Consortia, a consortium which would have managers in it and companies our size. So, we would be trying to be participating in those large ones. What I'm really saying is no one company is going to get a field with 20 billion barrels or more, period. So, we will be participating with some of the super majors, and looking at some of the large formations, now this could may take time and so on. But we're also looking at some of the smaller fields where we could do them by ourselves. Now, all of this depends on the new administration, while the security situation takes place, Afghanistan, da, da, da, and so its safe to say when all this is going to happen, but it's moving in the right direction and we just wanted to share with you that we have been pre-qualified and that we are serious about the opportunities. When that's going to happen, I'm sure that all Americans would like to know. The case of a Jihad [ph], that's all right.
Steve Chazen:  Sure. Just a couple of things. Bernie, one, as you probably know, going back even into the late 1980's as a company, we were very actively looking at Iraq and heavily engaged in detailed negotiations under its areas in the country, and unfortunately most of that went south with the problems between Kuwait and Iraq and then, subsequent history that's occurred since then, Dr. Irani's comments are exactly correct, I think the other thing to point out is the Iraqi's are as, as you probably know, looking at a formal process. They've identified eight or so of the giant fields in the country that they're going to work through a way a form of bidding process with the industry, probably starting later this year, and going through a good part of next year. Again, based on our previous work from the country, we actually have a pretty good handle on what those fields are, what potential they might have and etcetera, and I think we're very well positioned because of our work with the Ministries years ago, and like many countries, a lot of the key technical people in the Ministry are still the same folks that were there before, so we have an excellent relationship, a good solid understanding of what the potential is and certainly are going to be very aggressive in participating in whatever process the Iraqis decide to follow through on.
Bernard Picchi  Wall Street Access:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question is coming from Robert Kassler of Simmons & Company.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company:  Morning, guys. I appreciate as well as the others on the incremental detail you provided. I'm curious, I suppose we could say that this incremental $700 million of spending is marginal, sort of by definition, given that it came late in the year and with an eye towards higher crude prices but with that said, I imagine the returns are still quite robust. Can you characterize the average internal rate of return on these new investments relative to your based program and perhaps something with how the payback period or something like that?
Ray Irani:  I think, one of the things that you will appreciate is some of these low-laying fruit we talked about earlier, if oil price is still over $100, you're looking at paybacks of six months or less and some others are more intermediate and some are longer term. But clearly, we're going to pick-up the low-laying fruit and Steve, would you add to all that?
Stephen Chazen:  Well, we're sort of embarrassed to say that the rates of return on these items are well over 100%. And actually the returns are better the underlying returns of the company and we get paybacks of  the workover rig is hardly off the well before the  you get paybacks  you paybacks and a lot of these things are under 90 days. So, the rates of return are spectacular in product price environments well below current levels. 
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company:  Any thoughts on average production per well or average reserves added per well?
Steve Chazen:  No. I mean, yeah, we have thought but we're not going to share them with you. 
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company:  Fair enough. Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question is coming from Erik Mielke of Merrill Lynch.
Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch:  Good afternoon. I have several questions, if I may. Firstly, on the CapEx increase for 2009 and 2010, is the 2008 level, is that a good place to start. And also from what you been talking about in the enhanced oil recovery and some of the short-term  short payback period projects. What would the impact be on operating cost more from the modeling perspective?
Steve Chazen:  Sorry. I guess you have two questions. What's the capital going forward, if we can estimate it? Is that right? 
Erik Mielke of Merrill Lynch:  Correct.
Steve Chazen:  Is it for going 2009 and '10, is that right?
Erik Mielke of Merrill Lynch:  Yes.
Steve Chazen:  I would think the  some version of this year's maybe increase a little bit, so it might approach five billion. We don't know exactly. But some of these things will go away and change but we can wind up with the five billion including chemicals in midstream. The second question was operating cost?
Erik Mielke of Merrill Lynch:  Correct.
Steve Chazen:  The  likely they have more expense workovers in the back half of the year because we're accelerating some  a backlog of those. And so, you are likely to boost your operating cost for the whole company under $1 a barrel but certainly $0.50 to a $1. (inaudible) deliberate policy in  to get  to expand the dollar a barrel to get $100 net, even if its $2 or $3 on the well or $5 the a well, Seems to us to be okay economics. 
Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch:  Do you have a rough idea what the impact will be on your reserved bookings for 2008 based on the program that you've announced? 
Steve Chazen:  No. We  the answer to your question is yes we do, but we don't forecast reserved bookings. That's not something we are capable of forecasting from year-to-year.
Ray Irani:  But, I would say we are comfortable that we have more than replaced a 100% of our production this year.
Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch:  Can I ask a follow-on question. You mentioned very briefly that you  the acquisition that you made in the oil sands  Alberta oil sands in Canada. How should we think about this project strategically. I'm sure that there are other companies that would have run a rule [ph] over the project when the asset was for sale. Should we think of Oxy as sense of servicing other oil sands deals and if there need for you to integrate downstream if you are going to be doing more oil sands. There's some pretty inexpensive refining assets available?
Steve Chazen:  As far as refining assets, we don't have any current plans for any refining assets. Actually, there were very few companies interested. It was a very  because people felt that the current operator would want the property, which they did. And, we paid very little more than the current operator offered for it. We expect to have a good relationship with Total and participate in marketing food [ph] with them. So, I don't see this going downstream. 
Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch:  (inaudible) 
Steve Chazen:  We would view this as not- you shouldn't  we are not capable of operating this kind of activity. So, if there were other interest available, non-operated interest will competent operators, we would be interested in that. 
Ray Irani:  But as you know, we did emphasized, maybe, we should again, that not all of oil sands are oil sands. This is a very high quality oil sand area and the opportunity came along and even though it's longer term than we'd like to be working on, it's a unique opportunity and so we decided to make the investment. And it gives us an option value because we know we can flip it easily if we have to in the future. It's not our intent at the current time but it gives us some optionality to participate and understand this activity better. 
Steve Chazen:  Remember this oil sands affect our ultimately, affect our production, ability to market our production in West Texas. So, I think it's important for us to understand the flows of oil in North America and plan our marketing Appropriately to keep our differential flow. 
Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch:  Thanks very much. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James:  Just a follow-up on the discussion about Canada from the prior question. Are you looking to build kind of a core position in either the oil sands or perhaps in Canada, outside of the oil sands or is this or should we think of this as more of one-off investment?
Steve Chazen:  Not building a core position. 
Ray Irani:  No core  we are not building a core position in Canada, but as we said that this opportunity came along, and it's rather unique and so we took advantage of that, and we will see in the future, if there is other opportunities of this kind, we'll look at them, but this is not the beginning of an avalanche into Canada or into oil sands. It is part of our North American production.
Pavel Molchanov  Raymond James:  Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question is coming from Mike Jacobs of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. 
Mike Jacobs  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co:  Hi, guys! Congrats on the quarter. Just a quick high level CAPEx question. Clearly, your rates of returning California in the Permian business were pretty economic at lower prices so, understanding what you said about the low-hanging fruit and thinking about the rationale for boosting domestic spending now, is it solely a function of higher commodity prices or have you learned something new that deserves capital?
Ray Irani:  No, I think really, it's the multiplicity of things. I mean, one of them is, well why didn't we do this earlier? This project would have been very attractive at lower oil price, much lower oil prices. In some cases, we were accumulating acreage and we didn't want to get the price of the land going up. In other cases, folks were working on the facilities in terms of getting in the best safe safety etcetera, etcetera. And now, we are moving along to capitalize on acquisitions we made earlier and money we spent on facilities and to exploit acreage accumulated over a number of years. 
Steve Chazen:  These are not worst projects that are average? 
Mike Jacobs  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co:  Okay, great...
Ray Irani:  These work at $50. 
Mike Jacobs  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  Okay. Just tell me a bit deeper in looking at the spending in Utah. Does your CapEx include any capitals for the proposed seismic shoot or is that just drilling CapEx?
Steve Chazen:  The seismic would show up in the exploration program. So, it's included. 
Mike Jacobs  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.:  Great. Thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question is coming from Faisel Khan of Citigroup. 
Faisel Khan  Citigroup:  Morning. Just a question on Elk Hills. You talked about the deeper pay zones. We've had recent exploration success. Can you elaborate more in terms of what are these deeper pay zones? How deep are you drilling? And what are those well cost?
Steve Chazen:  They're not expensive. These are deeper compared to post holes, that's all. Listen4 to the bowels of the earth.
Faisel Khan of Citigroup:  This is directly below the Antelope Shale?
Steve Chazen:  It's in that area.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup:  Okay. And then .
Steve Chazen:  So, we're talking of not expensive wells. It's not expensive compared to Elk Hills wells. But not  we're not talking about 15,000 foot wells or any like that. 
Faisel Khan of Citigroup:  Okay. And the recovery  the recovery rates, in terms of the well recovery rates, the same as what you were experiencing before? Are these larger well or larger targets?
Steve Chazen:  These are more productive than the average Elk Hills wells by a significant amount. 
Faisel Khan  Citigroup:  Okay. And you also had talked about drilling delineation wells for a deeper exploration of success in Long Beach. Can you talk a little bit about that? Like, what is, to say, the larger target or is this kind of key production, kind of flat [ph] from the Long Beach production?
Steve Chazen:  This is a sizable target. It has a potential of growing the total. 
Faisel Khan  Citigroup:  So this would grow your thumbs [ph] production, your saying, right?
Steve Chazen:  Thumbs [ph] and some other things that we've been accumulating down in the Wilmington field for awhile. 
Ray Irani:  But you know, we do have to discuss with the State of California to get their approval on this because they do have some ownership to some of that oil in the Long Beach vicinity. 
Faisel Khan  Citigroup:  And how difficult is that to do?
Ray Irani:  Well, nothing is easy but we were talking. 
Faisel Khan  Citigroup:  Okay. And
Ray Irani:  Because it's a win-win for everybody. But, what I'm saying is, this is not as easy to exploit as Permian and Elk Hills where it's a different atmosphere. The Long Beach is kind of vacations spot or being developed as such. No problems but that will, probably come at a slower pace than Permian where we think we can get quicker execution and in Elk Hills as we continue to exploit the success we've had on the large acreage position as we have accumulated.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup: 
A:
Steve Chazen:  A highly risk portion of them. 
Faisel Khan  Citigroup:  Okay. Understood. And then, in terms of your Permian Basin CO2 enhancement projects with the new sandwich deal, how should we think about how those reserves get booked because I think, previously, in the past, you told us that as you find a way to get CO2 to your new flooding projects, that's when you start looking at booking some of those reserves. So, if you can just elaborate on how that works?
Steve Chazen:  In order to book a reserve, it isn't just the physical barrel being there but you have to be committed to do what we have, in this case, the CO2 supplier firmly committed. So, we don't know exactly the pace but I would not  I would expect that it would come over several years rather than all in one year. 
Faisel Khan  Citigroup:  Fair enough. Thanks for the time, gentlemen. 
Steve Chazen:  Sure.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question is coming from Dough Legit [ph] of Quadrom Capital [ph]. 
Dough Legit  Quadrom Capital:  Hi, Steve. How's it going?
Steve Chazen:  Hi, Doug. How are you? 
Dough Legit  Quadrom Capital :  Good, thanks. I want to probe on a couple of things, if I may. Forgive me for going through this absolutely a little bit of detail. But, Argentina, it sounds like you're cranking up the CapEx and drilling activity a little bit. But, you haven't, as far as I know, resigned the lease there yet. Can you kind of update us as to where you are there and because also that comes as some pretty significant reserved bookings. Similarly on Libya, just maybe give us a kind of magnitude or at least some kind of feel for the lumpiness that we could see in the reserved bookings? It was like it could be a pretty big year if you are to lump.
Steve Chazen:  Starting from Argentina, we're negotiating with the state problems. And, those things with governments is never easy to protect [ph].
Dough Legit  Quadrom Capital:  That's why I mentioned California easier.
Steve Chazen: 
Make:
Dough Legit  Quadrom Capital:  Okay.
Steve Chazen:  You shouldn't expect to see it all at once.
Dough Legit  Quadrom Capital:  And the U.S., the impact of SandRidge and the impact of California, I guess that was more rateable over a number of years.
Steve Chazen:  Rateable over a number of years. And so, you ought to see  if you were to think about it, you would see over the next  its time for him in 2010 time frame, pretty safe reserve replacement levels over the years.
Dough Legit  Quadrom Capital:  Okay. Thank you. Just two other quick ones. Libya now you've signed the deal. How do you catch up the earnings from December 1 last year. How do you go about getting that through (inaudible)
Stephen Chazen:  We expect to get a check.
Dough Legit  Quadrom Capital:  Okay, and that will come probably in the third quarter?
Ray Irani:  Well, we expected a check. Yeah, probably in the third quarter, but I mean that's  that's kind of cash and if you want timer to catch up on the profits
Steve Chazen:  Which helps as a reduction to bonus.
Ray Irani:  Yeah.
Dough Legit  Quadrom Capital:  Alright. Okay. And the final one is, I guess the focus of this the call today up here is to be, you know, clearly the great success you've harbor having in the US. It seems to be taking a strain off the Middle East a little bit, and I think there are some concerns that maybe things aren't going so well there in terms of your ability to lock in your projects. Could you, maybe just spend a little bit of time updating us on where you are, particularly in, obviously, the Emirates, Oman, and Bahrain and how you see things going forward?
Ray Irani:  Well, I think the thing we tried to do in this call is to give you news. Bahrain, we continue to be optimistic that we will see success there. We continue to talk with them, and they have set a time schedule where they hope before the end of the year to choose one of three people who have made the cuts, and those three is Oxy, Exxon and Maersk. And so, we just have to wait that. Never said we're optimistic but there's nothing new I can tell you on that. We continue to negotiate in Oman and elsewhere for projects, but one thing I can tell you that it's going to happen next week or next month. These thing goes every  repeatedly say, government negotiate very slowly. 
Dough Legit  Quadrom Capital:  Okay, I guess, just one follow-up real quick. Steve, you said if I go into all those could be the CapEx number. Would that take a count of any success in the Middle East or would there be  could that number go higher? I seem to recollect you saying that kind of level (inaudible).
ephen Chazen:  It could go it could go, it might go higher. I think right now, you would have to say that's a reasonable guess. But I would call it purely in the guess area. You know, if we have more success, we're going to spent more money because that's just the deal. But, you shouldn't. If we  were spending more than that than these numbers were showing in production are too low. 
Ray Irani:  Remember we demand the high returns. And the  we have enough of those to tell you that we're going to grow production over the next few years safely by over 7%. But hopefully, we will conclude projects, domestically and elsewhere, that have very good returns. We demand as of the growth that could be faster. So, increased capital should always be understood, in the case of Oxy, to mean higher growth and projects that have outstanding returns.
Dough Legit  Quadrom Capital:  Thanks very much, indeed. 
Ray Irani:  We do still like free cash flow. 
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator instructions). Your next question is coming from Michael LaMotte of JP Morgan. 
Michael LaMotte  JP Morgan:  Thanks. I just have a quick follow-up on the comments throughout the presentation on the strategic acquisitions. It really does strike me with these kind of organic growth and Steve, as you put it in the last meeting, doing more of what you got in the opportunity now in the buyback, your comments on bigger deals that by strategic, you're really, I mean, we're talking pretty small. Is that a fair interpretation in terms of what your appetite is today?
Steve Chazen:  Given where the stock is, it would be challenging to find a sizable acquisition that was 
Ray Irani:  Give us better returns than dying [ph] our own 
Steve Chazen:  It's just hard to in fact, I'm not saying it's impossible, I just don't have one in my mind right now. 
Michael LaMotte  J.P. Morgan:  Do you have  the returns on the oil side, again, doing more of what you got seemed to be great, certainly relative, to even the gas plays and acreage opportunities that are out there. Do you have any thoughts or comments on gas versus oil in terms of-
Steve Chazen:  No. We it's just  they're just about money. I don't think six to one, as you I'm sure know. But sort of ten to one, it's really just about money. We're very pleased with the Piceance play. T-hat's developing very nicely. The production is coming along and reserve booking is coming along. Supply being able to ship at a low differentials is coming along. A lot of acreage there that we have in so, we really pleased with that gas play. We thinks there some nice gas play in the Permian that we haven't really worked on much. We think we will do okay with there going to fool around with stuff. If you look at acquisitions, you say "Why you're acquiring it?". Your acquiring it because you have expertise to make it work. There are other companies that have better expertise than we do in some of these place. So, I think, where stock prices today, pretty hard to make sizable thing like that work. You do have to move a needle on these numbers to spend that kind of money.
Michael LaMotte  J.P. Morgan: 
O:
Stephen Chazen  Pres and Chief Financial Officer:  It's a little good this year. 
Michael LaMotte  J.P. Morgan:  A little gas here. Okay. Great. Thanks. 
Operator:  Thank you. There appear to be no more questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor over back to Christopher Stavros for any closing remarks. 
Christopher Stavros:  Well, thank you very much for joining us today and we do appreciate all your questions and please call us here in New York if you have any follow-up issues that you'd like to discuss. Thanks, again. And have a great day. 
Operator:  Thank you. This concludes today's Occidental Petroleum second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-27 11:30:00) =====
Executives:  Christopher Stavros - Vice President, Investor Relations Steve Chazen - President, Chief Financial Officer Ray Irani - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns Doug Leggate - Citigroup Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access Pavel Mokhanov - Raymond James
Operator:  Welcome to the Occidental Petroleum first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Christopher Stavros. 
Christopher Stavros:  I'd like to welcome you to Occidental's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call from Los Angeles this morning are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Chairman and CEO; and Steve Chazen, our President and CFO. In a moment I'll turn over the call to Steven, who will review the details of our first quarter results to be followed by a question-and-answer session. Our press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedules and the conference call presentation slides, which refer to Steve's remarks, can be downloaded off of our website, www.Oxy.com.  I'll now pass the call over to Steve. 
Steve Chazen:  The net income for the quarter was a record $1.846 billion or $2.23 per diluted share compared to $1.212 billion or $1.43 per diluted share the first quarter of last year. Core results for the first quarter of 2008 were $1.819 billion or $2.20 per diluted share compared to $788 million or $0.93 per diluted share for the same period last year.  Here's the breakdown for the first quarter: Oil and Gas first quarter 2008 segment earnings were $2.888 billion compared to $1.883 billion for the first quarter of 2007. Oil and Gas core results for the first quarter of 2007, $1.362 billion after excluding a $412 million gain from the sale of our Russian joint venture and a $109 million gain from the resolution of certain legal disputes. The following accounted for the increase Oil and Gas earnings between these quarters:  A higher worldwide oil and gas price realization that resulted in an increase of $1.6 billion of earnings over the comparable period last year. Oxy's average realized crude oil price in the 2008 first quarter was $86.75 per barrel, an increase of $35.08 over the comparable period in 2007. Oxy's domestic average realized gas price for the quarter was $8.15 per MCF compared with $6.38 per MCF the first quarter of 2007.  Worldwide oil and gas production for the first quarter of 2008 averaged 607,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of 8.4% compared with the 560,000 BOE of production in the first quarter of last year. The bulk of the production improvement was the result of 55,000 BOE a day from the Dolphin project, which began production in the third quarter of last year, partially offset by lower volumes from production sharing contracts due to higher prices.  Our guidance for the first quarter production was in the range of 600,000 to 615,000 BOE a day based on $90 oil, and our results were in the middle of the range. Dolphin contributed $102 million to after-tax income during the first quarter, which was ahead of our guidance.  The sales volumes were 55,000 BOE a day, slightly ahead of our guidance of 53,000 a day. Dolphin reached full operations in February and is currently producing approximately 2 BDF a day of natural gas and 200,000 barrels a day of liquids.  Exploration expense was $74 million in the quarter, which was in line with our guidance of $70 to $90 million. The first quarter 2008 production costs per barrel are approximately $0.39 less than the fourth quarter of last year.  Oil and gas production costs for the first three months of 2008 were $12.94 a barrel compared to last year's cost of $12.36 for the whole year. These numbers were adjusted to remove the Midstream costs. The increases year-over-year reflected higher production ad valorem taxes and somewhat higher field operating costs. Chemical segment earnings for the first quarter of 2008 were $179 million, which was higher than our guidance of $100 to $125 million. Chemicals earned $137 million in last year's first quarter. The improvement in earnings was due to higher prices and margin on caustic soda, along with higher PVC and VCM margins exported to nonU.S. dollar denominated economies. We have reclassified our Midstream assets out of the Oil and Gas segment. Our Midstream assets are comprised of the following businesses:  Marketing. Occidental's marketing group markets our equity production and manages third-party transactions. The primary driver of these earnings are marketing and trading margins in oil and gas, transportation and storage programs. This element is probably the largest portion of the total. Gas Processing Plants. Our domestic wet gas production and third-party production is processed through 13 Permian and two other gas plants to extract NGLs to deliver dry gas to the pipelines. The primary drivers for margins and cash flow are the difference between inlet costs of natural gas and market prices for NGLs and inlet volumes processed.  Pipelines. In the Permian Basin we own an oil gathering common carrier pipeline company with approximately 2,750 miles of pipeline and storage systems with 5 million barrels of active storage. The main margin and cash flow drivers are volume shipped. We also own a 24.5% equity interest in the Dolphin pipeline project, which carries gas to the United Arab Emirates.  Power Generation. Oxy owns two co-generation plants, one in Texas and one in Louisiana, an equity investment in a gas-fired power plant at our Elk Hills site. The three plants have a combined electricity capacity to product 1,760 megawatts per hour.  The final element is CO2 source fields and facilities. In the Permian Basin we process and transport CO2 for the use of the company's enhanced oil recovery program, and the earnings represent the small volume sold to third parties. The net book value of the Midstream properties was approximately $1.8 billion at the end of last year. As we disclosed earlier, we earned $123 million in the first quarter of 2008 from these assets.  Midstream capital spending and property acquisition costs were approximately $430 million last year and are expected to be about the same this year. These funds will be spent enhancing our CO2 production in the Permian and expanding our pipeline capacity.  The worldwide effective tax rate was 42% for the first quarter of 2008 compared with our guidance of 43%. Capital spending was $868 million for the quarter. We currently expect total capital spending for 2008 to be about $4 billion, an increase from prior estimates as a result of capital for the Rockies, California and Midstream assets. Cash flow from operations for the three months was approximately $2.7 billion. We used $870 million of the company's cash flow to fund the capital expenditures, $1.6 billion for acquisitions, $210 million to pay for dividends. We spent $435 million to repurchase 6.3 million common shares at an average price of $69.68 a share. These and our other net cash outflows decrease our $2 billion cash balance at the end of last year by $500 million to about $1.5 billion at the end of the quarter. The first quarter U.S. income tax payments reflect true-ups of 2007 amounts due. The second quarter payments will increase since two quarterly estimated payments will be due.  Debt was $1.8 billion at the end of March, which was unchanged from the year end numbers. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the three months were 823.6 million shares and the weight average diluted shares outstanding were 828.2 million. At March 31, there were 821.5 million basic shares outstanding. The diluted share amount was approximately 126.1 million. Our annualized return on equity for the quarter was 32%, with annualized return on capital employed of 29%.  As we look ahead to the current quarter, we expect oil and gas production to be in the range of 610,000 to 620,000 BOE a day during the second quarter at $100 oil prices. We expect second quarter production increases in Argentina, Colombia, the Rocky Mountains, Permian and Oman, partially offset by decreases due to high cost recovery levels in the first quarter. With regard to prices, a $1 change in oil price impacts Oil and Gas quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $39 million. This $39 million sensitivity includes the impact of Dolphin. Also included in it is the production sharing contract price impact of approximately 500 barrels a day per dollar. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices has a $25 million impact on quarter earnings before income taxes.  Additionally, we expect exploration expenses to be about $80 to $100 million for seismic and drilling for our exploration programs.  As we've shown you, it is difficult to predict Chemical results in the current environment, however we reasonably expect Chemical segment earnings to be in the range of $120 to $140 million compared to $179 million in the first quarter. Higher feedstock costs are the primary driver of the reduced forecast. This outlook also is less than second quarter of 2007 earnings of $158 million due to weakness in domestic construction, which impacts industry demand although the continued weakness of the dollar is likely to push these numbers to the higher end.  We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the second quarter to remain about 42%.  Copies of the release, as Chris has pointed out, are available on our website or the Edgar.  Now I think we're ready to take your questions.
Operator:   (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Steve, you talked about prices for crude oil and natural gas and the leverage that the company has, and obviously if they remain anywhere near current levels then free cash flow's going to be a lot greater than most envision, both for current period and for full year 2008. And so, in light of these circumstances, I wanted to see if we could get an update on the prioritization for such funds, that is, if they do materialize, meaning how might such surplus capital be allocated between investments, acquisitions, dividends, repurchases, et cetera. I mean, which way are you leaning as it relates to this outcome?
Steve Chazen: Well, of course, this is a slightly larger number than we were anticipating so if we can't put the money to work at attractive returns, we'll return it to shareholders one way or another. Annually the Board reviews the dividend the ongoing dividend policy - and given the current environment I would expect that they would be favorable to an increase. Share repurchases, we purchased a little over 6 million shares in the first quarter. We would expect the share repurchase program to continue, depending on the exact product price. But if we look at it over the whole year, there's plenty of volatility in the stock and plenty of opportunity to buy the shares at attractive prices during the course of the year. So we'll just see where the stock prices goes but we're not going to build cash, if that's the question.
Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley: And also in the Middle East, obviously execution on the Dolphin project has been very positive, and you mentioned earlier that there was progress in Oman, too, and so I just wanted to get an update on Oman and specifically whether that development is following your expectation or is it really too early to know? 
Ray Irani:  Our projects in Oman specifically are moving along okay, and we expect to get a gas contract there. Timing is difficult to predict, especially as you approach the summer months. But we're positive about that and other projects in the region.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan:  Steve, if I could follow up on the Capex comment on California and the Rockies, in particular, are we seeing actual number of planned wells this year going up, and maybe you could talk about the cost per well and I'm sure the mix of inflation-deflation versus volumes on that front? 
Steve Chazen: Yes. We're talking about really physical increases in the number of wells. We don't see much in the way of inflation. Remember that our operating costs, which is the easiest way to compare inflation, were flat on an absolute basis even with higher production from the fourth to the first quarter. So, you know, that's sort of an immediate measure of oilfield service inflation. So we don't see a lot of signs of inflation from the kind of things that we do. So we're talking about a physical increase in the activity, especially in the Rockies and California, this year. And if we could get - with a little luck, we might spend a little more than that even. 
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: So domestic volume should be a little higher than perhaps we were looking for in this area? 
Steve Chazen: Yes, I think as we go forward in the year, domestic volumes, I think, if I were looking for a surprise and praying for one that would be where I would hope and pray.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Quickly on Argentina, the exit rate in December was 40,000 barrels a day. Actually Latin American volumes overall ended up a little lower than I was looking for in the quarter. What's the latest there? I know there was some strikes in October and November. 
Steve Chazen: It's exited 40,000, produced about 40,000 in Argentina in the first quarter. We expect to see more improvement in the second quarter in volumes. Colombia - some of the issues were in Colombia, I think, also - but we expect to see improvement for that. We shouldn't spend too much time looking at small changes there, the trend for Argentina especially will be up sharply all year.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Okay, even with the winter season approaching. 
Steve Chazen: Yes.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: And then the sensitivity on PSA impact last quarter, you said it was for every $5 change in oil, 4,000 barrels a day, as oil prices go higher, does that ratio change?
Steve Chazen: We're down I think we're 500 barrels a day per dollar now. The contracts weren't exactly designed for this environment. So I wouldn't extend any of those numbers too far, and that's really the problem when you try to do this. It works just fine for $5 change maybe, but when you have $10 and $15 changes, our ability to figure out what's exactly going to happen is difficult because, again, the contracts really weren't designed for this environment.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: And then on the PVC exports, what's the mix between domestic and export sales? I mean, that was clearly a positive surprise here in the quarter.
Steve Chazen: We don't really break out the mix like that, but clearly what's happening, if you want to think about it intellectually, is that we're buying - the main feedstock is electricity, which is really natural gas - we're buying gas with U.S. dollars and exporting product into countries that have stronger currencies.  And so we're able to move a lot of our chlorine that way, and some other people don't have that flexibility. It cost a lot to build that flexibility, but in environments like this it's probably worth it. And so we're able to export a lot of our chlorine. And caustic prices have been extraordinarily strong for awhile and continue to be strong. So it's hard to predict the number for any one quarter, so I wouldn't take my numbers that I gave for the next quarter as anything but the best guess we have now. We weren't very good last quarter. We missed it by 50% by the right way, but we still missed it.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Well, if I think about it just in terms of PVC as being construction oriented and, as you said, feedstock basically being natural gas, we were looking for a much worse Q1, but there's definitely an outlet?
Steve Chazen: That's what changed. We didn't anticipate how strong the outlet would be when we gave you last quarter's guidance. The outlet is still very strong into South America and Asia and so, you know, there's other factors, too. Competitors might have a downtime in their plant. There's a lot of other things that affect it but right now, given how weak the U.S. construction business is, we're doing very well. 
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Dr. Irani, it seems that oil ministers in the Gulf today are spending more time talking about spiraling E&C costs than they are project identification or sanctioning. How dependent is your outlook on projects sanctioned not yet disclosed to the Street? Are you concerned by the slowdown in sanctioning?
Ray Irani: Not really. I mean, it is a competitive world. Indeed, with $100 oil, oil exporting countries are looking more about how to spend their money than for new sources of energy, queer enough, but we're coming along fine. And, as you know, we had the Mukhaizna project, which is coming along extremely well, and we are looking at a Bahrain project, with the decision on who to select among three companies - we are one of them - by the end of the summer, and we have other programs. So we're moving along fine. 
Steve Chazen: Our outlook that we give you doesn't depend on those projects. We haven't baked those in.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Clearly we see in the press the big headline ones like Shaw, but there's enough activity perhaps in the smaller end of the spectrum?
Ray Irani: Yes.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Is that fair to say?
Ray Irani: Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Dell - Bernstein.
Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein:  A question on Dolphin. Obviously [inaudible] of submitted plans to build a nuke in the UAE. Does that change the supply-demand outlook for the UAE, and if so, does that put sort of an expansion of Dolphin further back in the queue?
Steve Chazen: The demand for energy is enormous, and I wouldn't think so. I wouldn't think that'd have anything to do with it at all.
Ray Irani: We are sold out on Dolphin, and it's going to be producing above capacity, so there's tremendous demand.
Steve Chazen: Yes. So another BCF a day of production, it would be gobbled up. 
Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein: I understand, from the Qataris that the price they're obviously selling the gas at is significantly lower than they'd really like in today's world. Do you have a feel for what sort of price they'd be looking for to an expansion?
Ray Irani: I think, you know, these are depending on negotiations. All I can tell you is our Dolphin project is doing extremely well. Steve said earlier that in the first quarter we made $102 million after tax, plus what we made in the pipeline. Our investment's slightly over $1 billion. And expansions in Dolphin are possible; to predict timing on them is difficult. The exact conditions depend on negotiations among us and two sovereign states, so I really can't predict what happens.
Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein: Can you tell us what SG&A was in the quarter?
Steve Chazen: SG&A for what, for the whole company?
Ben Dell - Sanford Bernstein: The whole company and then the split between upstream and Chems? 
Ray Irani:  SG&A for the Oil and Gas division is down because we said at in an earlier meeting that we were cutting on SG&A in the Oil and Gas division. Steve is look at numbers right now. It's nothing for you to worry about. SG&A is under excellent control. 
Steve Chazen: The G&A is - for the oil company is - it looks like about - it's down from the fourth quarter. I don't have the exact number here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns.
Nicole Decker :  Steve, you recently made a comment regarding consolidation opportunities in Argentina. Would you talk about how you see the investment environment there and whether you'd be comfortable increasing activity there in the near term?
Bear Stearns:  Steve, you recently made a comment regarding consolidation opportunities in Argentina. Would you talk about how you see the investment environment there and whether you'd be comfortable increasing activity there in the near term?
Steve Chazen: Actually I think what I said was that we wouldn't want to be the largest producer in Argentina under any circumstances. And there might be some small opportunities, but I don't think we want to raise our profile enormously there. Argentina, you know there's been a slight increase in the realized oil price, and we're hopeful that with time there'll be more increases. It's not a - you have about a $10 a barrel finding cost and about $10 lifting cost, so we're in the high 30s on our oil price. So we're still a little below what we'd like to have, but progress is being made and production is coming up. Production will solve a lot of the problems. 
Nicole Decker : The Latin America realization, the liquid realization, was below where we expected. What was behind that?
Bear Stearns: The Latin America realization, the liquid realization, was below where we expected. What was behind that?
Steve Chazen: Probably just a differential change in Colombia. Yes, I think that's right. It's the differential change in Colombia. 
Nicole Decker : I appreciate the segregation of the Midstream unit. I'm just curious as to how we should read into this. Is this a unit that might see some growth?
Bear Stearns: I appreciate the segregation of the Midstream unit. I'm just curious as to how we should read into this. Is this a unit that might see some growth?
Steve Chazen: The unit might see some growth, for sure. We're putting a lot of capital into it, to expand the CO2 capability into the Permian and to bring the pipelines to more efficient standards, and we didnt want to bury that in Oil and Gas capital. And when we were looking at our cost structure last year, some of the so-called lifting cost was really purchased gas for the gas plants. And so that's really adds a lot of clarity to both the lifting costs and our future capital plans.
Ray Irani: But I hope you noticed also that the return on this Midstream portion is excellent. As Steve mentioned, in the first quarter profits were over $100 million after tax. I think about $123. And assets were $1.8 billion, so if you annualize it - and we don't expect much change for the remainder of the year in Midstream - it's a good part of our business; new investments we expect to make excellent returns, as we have said repeatedly in the past. 
Nicole Decker : Do you have figures on expenditures in the unit historically and what you might be expecting to spend this year?
Bear Stearns: Do you have figures on expenditures in the unit historically and what you might be expecting to spend this year?
Steve Chazen: We spent a little over $400 million last year, and we expect to spend about $400 million this year. It's fairly capital intensive. And I think some of it was distorting some of our capital numbers.
Nicole Decker : And just a final one, specifically on DD&A. The number was lower than we had expected. I guess we were basing our number on the full year guidance that you have. Just wanted to make sure that the full year guidance remained around 2.7 billion for the year. 
Bear Stearns: And just a final one, specifically on DD&A. The number was lower than we had expected. I guess we were basing our number on the full year guidance that you have. Just wanted to make sure that the full year guidance remained around 2.7 billion for the year. 
Steve Chazen: It looks that way. Obviously if we, it could vary $100 million.  
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate - Citigroup.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Steve, is the Libya contract effective yet?
Ray Irani: I expect to be in Libya on the 11th of May to sign it finally. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Production dropped off a little bit. Is there any other reason why that have been the case? Just under lifting probably? 
Steve Chazen: That's lifting. Our actual production was slightly above the - we report sales not production, actually - and so the production for the company was slightly above the sales number.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: So assuming that contract gets enacted some time this quarter, would you take the incremental earnings backdated to December 1 in the second quarter?
Steve Chazen: You can't backdate earnings. Basically it's an adjustment to the bonus or something like that.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: So it wouldn't flow through the P&L?
Steve Chazen: No, it wouldn't flow through the full - you can't do that. It helps the cash flow, but you're not allowed to - think of opportunity for management if you were allowed to.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: But the cash flow will be realized though?
Steve Chazen: Yes, we'll spend less.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Backing into Nikki's question a little bit on the Midstream. You've mentioned you've stripped this thing out. You're not showing as, you know, how this thing is going to perhaps grow over the longer term. How does that dovetail with your plans to perhaps tap into South Texas CO2, and maybe if you could give us some idea as to what we could expect in terms of both the cost impact and likely production impact longer term out of your Permian assets, if indeed you're able to make that happen?
Steve Chazen: Well, we've built in a notion of the South Texas into the capital plan that - the $400 million we've talked about. So we would expect to spend a fair amount of money in taking high CO2 methane and convert and stripping out the CO2 over the next couple of years.  A good reservoir will run maybe 7 MCF of CO2 to produce a barrel of oil, so if you assume that we put any excess into not the premiere reservoirs but less premier ones - and we've got lots of those - you're talking 10 or 12, maybe, MCF to produce a barrel of oil. We ought to be able to get 500 million a day, at least, maybe 600 million a day of more CO2 the next few years, so you could divide by 10, 12, whatever you want, to get some idea of the production increases over the next few years.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Are these already fields or CO2 assets that you have ownership of?
Steve Chazen: Yes. If you were able to look at our long-term backlog, we flood with the available CO2 obviously the best reservoirs. There are other reservoirs that are smaller that if we had cheap CO2 or a lot of it, a surplus, we could flood those and produce more oil. Right now CO2's tight in the Basin. If we can loosen up that tightness with a project where we can get some more CO2, we can boost our oil production - continue to boost our oil production in the Permian nicely.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: What size of reserves do you have CO2 in the South Texas area?
Steve Chazen:  I don't really know. We don't think of CO2 as reserves. It's sort of a, I don't what you want to call it. It's hard to burn. It's a sizeable number, but this 500 - 600 million a day as a deliverability is probably a good guess.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  Dr. Irini. the outlook for volumes this year, Steve, you said - 620 to 630, I think, is the existing guidance. You've talked about 610 to 620 for the next quarter. Should we still work on the 630 to 620?
Steve Chazen: Yes, you've got to adjust for the price, that's all.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  But that's basically the right range to think about?
Steve Chazen: Yes.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  And for '09 yes, you've talked about a long-term aspiration of 5% to 8%. Would we expect to see a relatively flat year given that you're above that rate of growth for '08 in '09, or do you think you'll be still in the 5% to 8% growth rate? And to the extent that you can, could you outline where the growth will come from? Thanks.
Steve Chazen: I think we'll have a good year next year. We don't predict the exact number. I just don't know. But if you looked at the projects that are there to do it, we ought to exit Argentina at 50,000, and are obviously going to average that this year. Mukhaizna will be much higher next year. Permian ought to be a little higher. California ought to be higher. So I can't tell you exactly what the number is, but it's certainly not going to be flat.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  Yes, I guess the point I was making was whether or not the above-range growth this year would lead you to have a kind of flat spot next year, but you're telling me that's not the case, basically.
Steve Chazen: That's not the case. 
Ray Irani: It's not going to be flat. It will be up next year.
Steve Chazen: Yes, we just don't - our ability to predict isn't all that great, so we - but we do know it will be up, but I can't tell you whether it's going to be up 4% or 8%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch.
Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch:  I have a follow on on the Midstream segment on whether you see opportunities in the Middle East or you've been asked to do projects in the Middle East and if that will be part of the Midstream segment going forward, and if so, if those projects would meet your return requirements on a stand-alone basis or should be seen as part of a broader opportunity across Midstream approach for the Middle East? 
Steve Chazen: The answer is yes and yes. We see the projects, and they'll meet our hurdle rates on a stand-alone basis.
Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Is that an additional reason for having split out the Midstream?
Steve Chazen: Yes. It's a growth area, and we didn't want to obscure it buried in the Oil and Gas numbers. And so we think over a five-year period you'll see some nice earnings growth there, cash flow growth, and we just didn't want to bury it in the numbers.
Ray Irani: And it's to bring additional management attention to the segment and to focus the Oil and Gas E&P people on producing more oil and gas at attractive costs. It's to get management attention across our projects and product lines.
Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch: An additional question for you on acquisition of assets or asset deals in the North American market. Given where prices have moved in the last three to four months and your general intention to make small addon deals, is the impact of the strong commodity price environment, is that causing people to ask for unrealistic prices or are you still able to do the small addon deals that has been an important part of your strategy thus far?
Steve Chazen: We haven't seen any increase in acquisition costs, so the product prices have not flowed through into the acquisition cost of the things we're looking at. Remember, it's a narrow scope and just two areas, really, maybe three. And so we really haven't seen that yet, but if it gets out of hand we can stop. 
Ray Irani: Remember, the credit crunch goes the other way.
Steve Chazen: The competitors for buying the smaller properties have to borrow the money, so the continued Wall Street great depression is probably helpful in that. And I think I mentioned earlier what people view as a change in tax law in a couple years or a year or whatever it is is motivating buyers - sellers, I mean.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access. 
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access:  Steve, in your discussion of the investment opportunities in the Midstream, you didn't discuss CO2 opportunities at Elk Hills, and I'm just wondering if that's part of your longer-range investment opportunity set that you see within this Midstream sector? And am I right also in surmising from your comments that of the five different areas you list within the Midstream and Marketing that the CO2 source fields and facilities is your big growth area?
Ray Irani: Well, it's a big growth area because we can make a lot more oil and gas. So we're not growing additional volume in CO2 to be a marketer, major marketer, of CO2. We do buy and sell CO2. However, it can give us additional growth in both the Permian and potentially in Elk Hills. 
Steve Chazen: Yes. In the segment, the CO2 plants are focused on the third-party business not our own. So what you're seeing is the third-party piece. The segment itself is currently constructed as a small amount of CO2 relatively in it and has large amounts of gas storage activities and natural gas liquids plants. So the CO2 in the Permian will grow because there's probably some more third-party business there, but Elk Hills would not be a third-party business. We would use all the CO2 ourselves.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: So that would remain within the E&P segment? 
Steve Chazen: That would stay in the E&P. If the CO2 is dedicated to our facilities, it stays in the E&P segment. This is the part that's related to what we sell to other people. For example, if we operate a field, we have a 50% interest, we may sell gas to the other 50% so they have it And so that's sort of the nature of it. But if it's embedded as part of our production, our own production, it's remained in the segment.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: So merchant sales, basically, as you were talking about?
Steve Chazen: That's right, merchant sales and plants and parts of plants that are dedicated to merchant. But you should look at it as a fairly traditional at this point Midstream business with natural gas liquids and gas storage activities. 
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: On the fourth quarter you made a passing comment about your emphasis on cost reductions, particularly from your contractors, and it looks as if we're beginning to see that here in the first quarter results. Can you talk about what we might expect to see in the way of benefits from that cost reduction program for the remainder of the year?
Steve Chazen: It's hard to lay it out exactly as to quarter to quarter, but we are seeing some real effects. We're focusing the organization on costs, so we would expect over the year to exit at sort of a $300 billion cost run rate savings. But whether you'll see it - what exactly you'll see in the second or third quarter, hard to say. And it's also obscured by some other things that go on. So I can't tell you exactly what each quarter is but, as Ray pointed out earlier, we're focusing the E&P business on increasing margins even in this incredible environment.
Ray Irani: And we've had manpower reduction both to improve efficiency and reduce G&A.
Steve Chazen: So I think we're focused on that. Our G&A per barrel has declined this quarter in the Oil segment. So I think we're doing the right things here and you'll see more progress, but it's probably lumpy. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Pavel Mokhanov - Raymond James.
Pavel Mokhanov - Raymond James:  How many wells will you be drilling in Libya this year?
Steve Chazen: Exploration wells, I don't actually know. It's somewhere in the range of half a dozen.
Pavel Mokhanov - Raymond James: Half a dozen? And do you have any sense for the prospect sizes that you're targeting? 
Steve Chazen: They're 100 million to 150 million barrel prospects.
Pavel Mokhanov - Raymond James: Got it. And of the half a dozen you mentioned, do you know roughly the split between offshore and onshore? 
Steve Chazen: No offshore.
Ray Irani: But we're drilling additional wells in Libya for production increases.
Pavel Mokhanov - Raymond James: Is that on your legacy assets?
Ray Irani: Yes.
Pavel Mokhanov - Raymond James: Would you, in addition to boosting the dividend - which, as you mentioned, the Board should be supportive of - would you consider a special dividend under this commodity environment? 
Steve Chazen: It's just hard to say. It depends on the stock price. It depends on our view of the stock price. If the stock price, we view, as buying in the shares is better for the long-term investors, we would do that. If the stock ever got to fair value, that's when a special dividend would be considered. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. 
Christopher Stavros: Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call, and please, if you have any follow-up questions, call us here in New York. Thank you very much. Have a good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-29 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Chris Stavros - VP of IR Ray Irani - Chairman and CEO Steve Chazen - President and CFO
Analysts: Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company Doug Leggate - Citigroup Nikki Decker  Bear Stearns Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access  Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ryan, I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Corp Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Chris Stavros. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Chris Stavros: Thank you and good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome you to Occidental's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call from Los Angeles are Dr. Ray Irani, OXY's Chairman and CEO, Steve Chazen, our President and CFO, Casey Olson, President of OXY's Oil and Gas Business in the Eastern Hemisphere, and John Morgan, President of OXY Oil and Gas in the Western Hemisphere. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Steve Chazen, who will review the details of our fourth quarter and full year 2007 financial results, to be followed by a question-and-answer session. Conference call presentation slides which refer to Steve's remarks, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I'll now turn the call over to Steve. Steve, please go ahead.
Steve Chazen: Thank you, Chris. Net income for the quarter was $1.452 billion, or $1.74 per diluted share, compared to $930 million, or $1.09 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of last year. 2007 fourth quarter net income includes $16 million after-tax severance charges, and $4 million of after-tax income from discontinued ops. Quarter results were record $1.464 billion or $1.76 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2007, compared to $784 million or $0.92 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2006. Here is a segment breakdown for the fourth quarter. Oil and gas fourth quarter 2007 segment earnings were $2.6 billion, compared to $1.4 billion for the fourth quarter of last year. The following count of the increase in oil and gas earnings between these quarters. Higher worldwide oil and gas price realizations resulted in an increase of $1.3 billion of earnings over the comparable period last year. Occidental's average realized crude price in the 2007 fourth quarter was $27.75 higher than the comparable period last year. OXY's domestic average realized gas prices for the quarter was $6.77, compared to $5.63 in the fourth quarter of last year. Worldwide oil and gas production from continuing operations for the quarter, averaged 590,000 barrels equivalent per day, an increase of 5.2% compared to the 561,000 BOE in production to fourth quarter last year. The bulk of the production improvement result the Dolphin project start-up, which contributed 36,000 BOE per day. Our guidance for the fourth quarter production was in the range of 600,000 to 615,000 BOE per day. We are under this range to the impact of product prices that reduced our volume from production sharing contracts by 8,000 BOE per day. Well below our Libya 4,000 BOE per day, and 5,000 BOE per day is lower in Argentina due to election related strikes in October and November. Dolphin contributed $62 million to after-tax income during the fourth quarter, which was slightly ahead of our guidance of $50 million to $60 million. Sales volumes were 36,000 BOE per day, inline with our guidance. Dolphin 2007 production exit rate was 43,000 BOE per day. Exploration expense is $101 million in the quarter. Oil and gas production costs for the 12 months of 2007 were $12.87 per barrel, compared with last year's cost of $11.70 a barrel. The increase is result of the higher field operating and maintenance costs. Chemical segment earnings for the fourth quarter of 2007 were $94 million, which is lower than our third quarter guidance of $100 to $140 million. Decline in earnings from guidance, was due to lower PVC margins due to higher feedstock cost and weaker industry demand. Chemicals earned $157 million in last year's fourth quarter primary factor to the counter for quarter-to-quarter differences was lower PVC margins. The worldwide effective tax rate excluding the impact of asset sales and other items was 42% in the fourth quarter of 2007, four points lower than our guidance of 46% due primarily significant higher oil and gas prices. The increased oil prices result in a higher portion of US income, which has a lower apparent tax-rate in our international operations. Now, let me turn to our performance for the 12 months. Net income was a record $5.4 billion or $6.44 per diluted share for the twelve months of 2007, compared to $4.2 billion or $4.87 per diluted share for the same period last year. Core results were also a record at $4.4 billion or $5.25 per diluted share for the 12 months of 2007, compared to $4.1 billion or $4.78 per diluted share in the same period last year. Worldwide oil and gas productions for the 12 months averaged 570,000 barrels of oil equivalent day, an increase of 4.6% compared to 545,000 BOE production 12 months of last year. Capital spending was $987 million a quarter and above $3.5 billion for the 12 months. We expect total capital spending for this year 2008 to be between $3.8 billion and $3.9 billion. We expect to increase 2008 capital spending for Columbia LCI project Argentina and Vintage California. Cash flow from operations for 12 months was approximately $6.8 billion. We received $1.6 billion in proceeds from the sale of assets. We used $3.5 billion of the company's cash flow to fund capital expenditures, $1.4 billion for acquisitions, $1.2 billion to retired debt and $765 million to pay dividends. We spend $1.13 billion to repurchase 20.6 million common shares at an average price of $54.75 per share. These net cash flows increased to $1.6 billion cash balance at the last year by $400 million to $2 billion at December 31. That was $1.8 billion at the end December reduction of $1.1 billion for the debt balance of $2.9 billion at the end of last year. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for 12 months were $834.9 million and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $839.1 million. At December 31, there were 827.2 million basic shares outstanding and diluted share amount was approximately 831.3 million. Our debt to capitalization ratio was 7%, down from 13% last year. Our return on equity was 26%, with return on capital employed of 24%. As we look ahead to the current quarter, we expect oil and gas production to be in the range of 600,000 to 615,000 BOE per day during the first quarter, at last quarter's $90 oil price. Dolphin is expected to become fully operational in February, and run at 78% of capacity this quarter, with the production of 53,000 BOE per day. Dolphin's after tax earnings are expected to be between $90 million and $100 million in the first quarter based on a $90 oil price. At about $80 oil, we expect production for the full year to increase to 620,000 to 630,000 BOE per day. This is slightly above the outlook we gave you two years ago for 2008, when you adjust for a $30 increase in oil prices from that time. The increase from last year's numbers due to full year operations of Dolphin, increased production from Mukhaizna in Oman, and increased production in Argentina, where the exit rate was around 40,000 a day in Colombia, and the impact of acquisitions. These were slightly offset by the new contract in Libya and of course higher oil prices. Occidental received a share of production, from a production sharing contract to cover its cost additional share for profit. Occidental share of production from these contracts decreases in oil price is rise and increases when oil price is decline. Overall OXY's net economic bet from these contracts is much higher at higher oil prices. A $5 change in oil prices affects OXY's production by about 4,000 barrels a day. Including this change in production, a change in oil price of a $1 per barrel impacts quarterly earnings before income taxes, by about $38 million. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices has a $24 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes. We expect exploration expense to be about $70 million, $90 million for seismic and drilling this quarter. We expect chemical earnings to be in the range of $100 million and $125 million probably closer to the higher end of that range, compared with $94 million in the fourth quarter. Improved volumes and prices in vinyls and higher caustic soda prices are the primary drivers of the improvement. This is less than last year's first quarter earnings of $137 million due to weakness in construction, which impacts industry demand. We expect DD&A expense to be $2.4 billion for oil and gas and $300 million for the rest of the company this year. Expect our combined worldwide tax rate for the first quarter to be 43%. The company has embarked on a cost reduction program, which will affect operating, G&A and capital cost. In 2007, we took restructuring charges totaled $25 million, we expect similar amount this year. We have also made improvements in our procurement operations functions, taking advantage of the shift in power between producers and vendors. Combined savings from this program are expected to be at least $200 million this year with annualize run rate of over $300 million. The primary focus of this problem is more on the maturity of the company as opposed to our areas of growth. Copies of the press release announcing our third quarter earnings in the investor relation supplemental schedules are available on our website, or through the SEC's EDGAR system. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Robert Kessler of  Simmons & Company. Please go ahead.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Hi, good morning Steve.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: As you look at the bidding grounds for projects in the Middle East here in Gulf States, it seems the recent entrance have shown a willingness to bid away much of the value on these deals. And then you'll look at share prices for equities, public equities so far this year, they've languished relative to the commodity. How does that change your view of the pecking order uses of cash, are you inclined to increase the buybacks?
Steve Chazen: No, we expect to end the year with about 6.3 million shares of authority from the board. We've used the majority of that so far this year and we expect the board to increase the authority by at least 20 million shares at the next meeting. We have no debt maturities currently for this year and very little for next year and for level with debt and current stock prices we would expect that we'd be aggressive buyers of the shares.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: How do you think about the competitive landscape for these Middle Eastern projects, now with people like ConocoPhillips and next going to bid up the economics for bid away the economics?
Ray Irani:  Well, as we have said repeatedly, we do have a large number of projects in our pipeline and we still borrow religiously at a discipline for our returns on investments. So to the extent that other people who want to chase projects for whatever reason, we are willing to give-up on projects unless they meet our discipline. We still feel that we have a number of projects it can meet our financial discipline. So that's the way it all goes.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: I think that makes sense right, is a 20% internal rate of return are reasonable international bogie at this point?
Ray Irani: Well, I think when you get into this returns, bare in mind we may be assuming different prices for oil than other folks are, so that enters the picture. And so we have to look at a wide range of prices, because you are making investments that go over a 30 year period. And so you can just sit and say alright the price is all today is $90, so that's what you can assume and it would be foolish all to assume $40. So, you have to look at a whole range of prices looking to the future and look at cost of capital and alternatives that you may have. We do have alternatives. Not only in the share buyback, but other programs we're working on.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael LaMotte of JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Mr. LaMotte your line is live. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Hi, good morning, Ray and Steve. A couple of questions, I guess, what's the kickoff with the projectile work if I may, because obviously following the Shaw situation, there are a couple of others that have been talked about, namely in Bahrain and perhaps even more additional projects I guess in Libya, the UAE and Oman. Could you maybe just give us an update as to where we stand and what the likely and useful is positive or otherwise that we should expect?
Ray Irani: I remain optimistic, but again I can't give you a date on when something will happen. I think these projects are very solid and they can achieve the returns that we like to have, but you know in the end, if somebody wants to assume the price of oil is going to be $100 for the next 20 years, I'm not going to compete with that. So, I'm very optimistic for a number of reasons, a part of which is that we do have a number of these projects. Okay, but we have proven that we are not well good at estimate the timings. So, I dont think, we want to go there.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. Second one maybe it's a little bit easier than, you gave us some reserve numbers on the press release. Steve, could you give us an idea what the impact of PSE volume effects was, how much was this number depressed by PSE?
Steve Chazen: I don't remember how much the PSE impact was, I think it was, itself it was probably in the 50 million barrel area.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. Do you have any F&D cost number, Steve?
Steve Chazen: Pardon me.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: On F&D cost number?
Steve Chazen: Probably we do is divide.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. The acquisitions are included in there, I guess?
Steve Chazen: Yeah. The SEC doesn't like to do the division for you so.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Alright.
Steve Chazen: So, we put the numbers together, so it's always straight forward.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: And the final one very quickly, Libya that the new contract if that kicking on December 1st?
Ray Irani:  Not yet.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: So, when does it become effective?
Ray Irani:  Well, it becomes effective when the people's parliament approved it, and we have no concern on this. I met with Gaddafi himself and the number of other leaderships in late November and we are just going to meet, this last schedule at Congress. So, whenever that approval takes place, it kicks in.
Steve Chazen: Just to clarify it, it's effective December 1st.
Ray Irani: Right.
Steve Chazen: And whenever they approve it will go into effect and then there will be a financial settlement for the difference.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Got it.
Steve Chazen: Just like any other acquisition, you would make a settlement for effective date.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: That's all from me. Thanks guys.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nikki Decker of Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Good morning, thank you. I was just following upon the reserve reports, did the Libya contracts affect reserve bookings for 2007?
Steve Chazen: No.
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Okay.
Steve Chazen: Or lets say there in the Libyan contracts is the remainder of the contract at that point, which is two years.
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Okay.
Steve Chazen: So, you wouldnt normally expect that if there had been a 30 year extension at the two, and then we would have a lot more reserves when we booked that.
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: I see. The report showed a pretty good bump up in reserves from improved recovery, you essentially replaced production with improve recovery. My question is, is this sustainable with the current asset base or might we see a shift towards additional acquisitions?
Steve Chazen: Certainly for this year improved recovery will be very large again for 2008. Mukhaizna is an improved recovery project and we are just really starting the booking there.
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Okay.
Steve Chazen: So we are going to build a very sizable improved recovery number out of Mukhaizna alone. Historically we ran about 140 million barrels in improved recovery, and in rest of the operations we don't see how that's going to fall off. So, I am not going to predict this years number, but we've just began to book in Mukhaizna , so there is a lot more improved recovery. So you'll see that improved recovery number to be sizable for several more years.
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: So it sounds like there is a possibility that that number even ramps up?
Steve Chazen: You know, you never know about reserves but more likely than not, you are right.
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Okay. Where was the improved recovery in gas?
Steve Chazen: In gas -- 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: That number was a big ramp up from the prior year?
Steve Chazen: Yeah, it was probably in the Shales, and it was at Elk Hills.
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Okay, that's it from me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Bernie Picchi of Wall Street Access. Please go ahead.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access : Yes, good morning, just wanted to ask a question about the plains acquisition, and kind of got my attention with your involvement in the Piceance, and I wonder if this does represent kind of a strategic shift in your attitude toward resource plays and gas in the United States? Certainly the Permian didn't surprise, but the Piceance did.
Steve Chazen: Weve been to the Piceance for a while. As you may know we had some legacy assets in land and fee. So we're producing about 40 million a day in the Piceance currently from our production, and we expect to boost that over the next few years to about a 100 million a day just from our own stuff. We thought the Piceance stuff was a reasonably priced acquisition, but considering the size of the enterprise, I wouldnt view it as particularly strategic, maybe a tweaking, but we were there and we saw an opportunity to build more gas at reasonable prices. Gas acquisitions as you know have not been reasonably priced and this was a fairly priced, we thought. 
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: Steve, just a follow-up question; it looked as if in the fourth quarter that you had quite a lot of cash as the term. Has that been a realization for US natural gas prices versus the Henry Hub price versus the prior quarters? It looks like there was quite a nice jump. In other words you realized price in the fourth quarter. Is that something that is kind of a one-off or something that you would expect to see going forward?
Steve Chazen: We think that's probably the fourth quarter that is probably right. In other words, it will continue.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access : And the reason why the sudden catch-up or the increase in the capture versus prior quarters?
Steve Chazen: In the Piceance you picked up as the differentials narrowed, in California there was a nice pick up in realized price, and in Hugoton and Permian. So we've made some structural changes so I think that probably is why, and our ability to deliver the gas.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: Thanks.
Steve Chazen: Thank you.
Operator:
 :
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Thanks good morning.
Steve Chazen: Good morning.
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Steve, is there any movement on the projects in Abu Dhabi?
Steve Chazen: No.
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Okay. Can you provide an update on the Mukhaizna, there has been some comments in some of the trade journals lately, about leaking wellheads and other problems. Can you give an update on what the target is for year-end and ultimate objectives there?
Steve Chazen: The target for year end on Mukhaizna is still a gross 50,000 barrels a day, which is what we estimated all along. We anticipated that through the first couple of years as the project ramped up the exact timing months. The months would be a bit fluid but we are right on track we believe to hit the 50,000 this year and are feeling confident that we can still move to the project to the 150 level as we have anticipated all along.
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Okay and then lastly there's been a lot of talk in the industry about Iraq finally moving on concessions. What are your thoughts on potentially being involved in Iraq?
Steve Chazen: Well as you know the situation in Iraq is very fluid. The 10th oil law is not yet approved in Iraq. The Kurds are beating up on doors including ours to paying concession, etcetera. We are not talking to them. US policy is against talking to regional players in Iraq, and we follow US policy to the word. So, I think it is pre-mature. But whenever that opens up we are sitting ready looking at opportunities.
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Any thoughts preference for North versus South?
Steve Chazen: We think there are number of opportunities and weve identified, this is premature. Let's bring some of these troops home first, let see some security. The President was in the Middle East and didnt bother to go to Iraq. So thats a message about security there. Condoleezza Rice went over to Iraq briefly and we think its a fluid situation. There is some improvement in some areas of the country as you can see, security in others, especially where production could be, at least there is a lot to be desired. Because the focus, as you have seen of our military, is to secure the areas with high population, and that is not always where oil or gas is present.  So we care about our employees, we care about following US policy and we are not going to be mavericks in this particular area.
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back to Mr. Stavros for any closing comments.
Chris Stavros: Thank you very much for joining us today on the conference call. And if you have any further questions please feel free to call us in New York. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays Occidental Petroleum Corp Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-25 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher G. Stavros - IR Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Office Stephen I. Chazen - CFO and Senior EVP Casey R. Olson - EVP, Eastern Hemisphere
Analysts: Michael LaMotte - J. P. Morgan Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access Paval Molchanov - Raymond James Doug Leggate - Citigroup Nicole Decker - Bear Sterns
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. My name is Marchita and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines, have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Chris Stavros. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Christopher G. Stavros - Investor Relations: Thank you Marchita and good morning everyone. I would like to welcome you to Occidental's third quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call from Los Angeles are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy Chairman, President and CEO; Steve Chazen, Senior Executive Vice-President and CFO; Casey Olson, President of Oxy's Oil and Gas Business in the Eastern Hemisphere; and John Morgan, President of Oxy Oil and Gas Western Hemisphere. In a moment, I would turn the call over to Dr. Irani who will update you on the progress we are making on the Dolphin project as well as our pursuit of other potential growth opportunities. Steve Chazen, will then review in detail, our third quarter and nine months 2007 financial results to be followed by a question-and-answer session. Conference call presentation slides, which refer to Steve's remarks can be downloaded off of our website. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Irani, Dr. Irani, please go ahead.
Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Office: Thank you Chris. Good morning and thank you for joining us. This has been a good quarter for Oxy. Increase in our production volume, including initial production from the Dolphin Project and increases in worldwide crude oil prices contributed to Oxy's record third quarter core income results of $1.21 billion. This reflects the continued successful implementation of our long-term strategy that is focused on current and new long-lived oil and gas assets in our core regions that produce strong financial returns. The Dolphin Project continues to go very well. The first two trains of the gas plant are in operation and performing at levels 5% to 10% above their nameplate capacity. The remaining two trains are expected to come on between now and year-end and we expect to reach full capacity in early 2008. On the past several calls I have expressed confidence that future additional growth at Oxy will be driven primarily by new opportunities in the Middle East/North Africa region and that we expect to announce two new agreements before year-end. I know you are all anxious to hear details. However, while it remains premature to give you any specifics today, I want to emphasize that I continue to be optimistic about our ability to deliver on our promises. As you are aware, we are a finalist in the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company selection of a partner to develop the giant Shah gas field and we look forward to the decision in coming weeks. We are also making progress in developing additional projects in the United Arab Emirates. In Libya, we are in commercial negotiation for large enhanced oil recovery projects, these are from existing oil reserves. Earlier this month we closed on the acquisition of blocks 12 and 13 in Qatar that we acquired from Anadarko and expect to immediately add 5,000 BOE per day to our net production. Of additional interest and importance, we were recently awarded two offshore exploration areas in Bahrain. These areas are technically quite interesting and adjacent to major producing fields in Qatar. We are also submitting a proposal to work with Bahrain to increase oil production from existing onshore areas. We are confident in our prospects for continued strong financial performance and growth in our volume. I will now the call over to Steve Chazen.
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: Thank you Ray. Net income for the quarter was $1.324 billion, or $1.58 per diluted share, compared to $1.17 billion, or $1.36 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2006. The current quarter diluted earnings per share increase of 16.2% compared to last year was greater than the 13.2% net income increase as a result of the share repurchase program. Core results were $1.21 billion, or $1.45 per diluted share in the third of quarter 2007, compared to $1.103 billion, or $1.28 per diluted share in the third quarter of last year. The 2007 third quarter net income includes $106 million of after-tax gains from the sale of non-core assets, comprised of the following: a $72 million gain from the sale of the West Africa exploration properties, net of oil and gas asset impairments; a $27 million gain from the sale of the remaining 2.4 million Lyondell shares; and a $7 million gain from the sale of domestic oil and gas interests. The third quarter of 2007 includes $8 million of income from discontinued operations, compared to $67 million income in the third quarter of last year. Here's the segment breakdown for the third quarter. Oil and gas third quarter 2007 segment earnings were $2.029 billion. After excluding the gains that I just described, the third quarter results were $1.988 billion, compared to $1.79 billion in the third quarter of last year. The following accounted for the increase in oil and gas earnings between these quarters: Higher worldwide oil and gas price realizations resulted in an increase of $249 million of earnings over the comparable period last year. Occidental's average realized crude oil price in the 2007 third quarter was $5.98 higher than in the comparable period in 2006. Oxy's domestic average realized gas price for the quarter was $5.90, essentially flat with the $5.88 from last year. Worldwide oil and gas production from continuing operations for the quarter averaged 570,000 barrels a day, an increase of 7%, compared with 533,000 barrels of equivalent a day than last year. A significant portion of the production improvement was the result of the Dolphin project start-up which contributed 15,000 BOE a day. Additionally, production volumes increased in California, Colombia and Qatar. Our guidance for the third quarter was in the range of 585,000 to 590,000 BOE a day. We were under this range due to the delayed closing of the Qatar asset acquisition from Anadarko, which took place in the fourth quarter of 2007, representing 4,000 BOE a day and the impact of product prices that reduce volumes from our production sharing contracts by another 4,000 BOE a day. We also had a labor strike in Argentina. Dolphin contributed $13 million to after-tax income during the third quarter start up which was greater than our guidance of $10 million. The sales volumes were 15,000 BOE per day, compared to our guidance of 17,000 BOE per day due to one less lifting during the quarter. Exploration expense of $68 million in the quarter was lower than our previous guidance of $95 million. Oil and gas production costs for the first nine months of 2007 were $12.56 a barrel compared to last year's costs of $11.70 a barrel. The increases were a result of higher field operating and maintenance costs mainly in the United States and Latin America. Chemical segment earnings for the third quarter of 2007 were $212 million, which was higher than our second quarter guidance of $160 million to $175 million. Improvement in earnings from our guidance was due to higher prices across the chloro-vinyls product chain. Despite weakness in domestic demand, chlorine derivative exports were particularly strong in the third quarter. Chemicals earned $248 million in last year's third quarter. The primary factors accounted for the quarter-to-quarter difference with lower PVC margins. The worldwide effective tax rate, excluding the impact of asset sales and other items, was 42% for the third quarter of 2007, 5 points lower than guidance. The lower quarterly rate reflects a positive effect on the income tax rate resulting from substantial increases in crude oil prices in the second half of 2007 and lower foreign exploration expense, due to the delay of certain drilling activities. In addition, the quarter was favorably impacted by a change in the mix of a larger portion of income coming from United States sources rather than from foreign sources. Let me now turn to our performance for the first nine months. Net income was $3.948 billion, or $4.69 per diluted share for the first nine months of this year, compared with $3.261 billion, or $3.78 per diluted share for the same period last year. Core results were $2.941 billion, or $3.50 per share for the first nine months of 2007, compared with $3.332 billion, or $3.86 per diluted share for the same period last year. Worldwide oil and gas production for the nine months averaged 563,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of 4%, compared with 539,000 BOE a day for the first nine months of last year. Capital spending was $880 million for the quarter and $2.51 billion for the first nine months. We expect total capital spending for the year to be about $3.5 billion. Cash flow from operations for the nine months was approximately $4.3 billion. Additionally, we received total proceeds of $670 million from our sale of Lyondell, $485 million from the sale of our interest in the Russian joint venture, $230 million from the sale of our Pakistan properties, $120 million from the sale of exploration properties, and $75 million from the sale of domestic oil and gas interests. We used $2.5 billion of the company's cash flow to fund capital expenditures, $1 billion for acquisitions, $1 billion to repurchase debt, and $560 million to pay dividends. We also spent $910 million to repurchase 17.4 million common shares at an average price of $52.27 per share. These net cash outlays reduced our $1.6 billion cash balance at the end of last year by $100 million to $1.5 billion. Debt was $2.0 billion at the end of September, with long-term debt of $1.7 billion. The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the nine months were 837.0 million share and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 840.9 million share. At September 30th, there were 829.7 million basic shares outstanding and the dilutive share amount was approximately 833.7 million shares. Our debt to capitalization ratio was 8%, down from 13% at yearend 2006. Over the first nine months of the year, Oxy's annualized return on equity was 26%, with an annualized return on capital employed of 24%. As we look ahead in the current quarter: We expect oil and gas production to be in the range of 600,000 to 615,000 BOE per day during the fourth quarter. The increase includes 21,000 BOE from Dolphin, 5,000 BOE from the acquisition of Qatar assets from Anadarko which closed in early October. Dolphin's third quarter income was $13 million after foreign tax and we expect the fourth quarter after-tax income to be in the $50 million to $60 million range. Dolphin is expected to run at 55% of capacity during the fourth quarter and contributions will continue to improve as it becomes fully operational. We expect the oil and gas production at year end exit rate to be in the range of 615,000 to 635,000 barrels a day. The increase includes 45,000 to 50,000 barrels a day from Dolphin, 5,000 barrels a day from Qatar assets and higher Latin American production. The Dolphin exit rate could be higher, as noted in our previous guidance, depending on how quickly the final train of the gas plant ramps up to full capacity. In any case we expect it to be running at full capacity during January. With regards to prices, $1 per barrel change in oil prices impacts oil and gas quarterly earnings by about $35 million before the impact of income taxes and Dolphin. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices has a $24 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes. The NYMEX gas price for the third quarter was $6.69 per thousand cubic feet. Additionally we expect exploration expense to be about $80 million to $100 million for seismic and drilling in our Libya and South American exploration programs. We expect chemical segment earnings to be in the range of $100 million to $140 million, compared to the $212 million in the third quarter. The decline from the third quarter reflects normal seasonal downturn, continued weakening demand due to lower housing starts, and higher energy and ethylene cost. This results in lower volumes and margins across the chloro-vinyls chain. Prices and volumes for key chemical products for the fourth quarter are expected to behave as follows: We expect fourth quarter chlorine prices to be about 10% lower and caustic soda prices to be about 20% higher than last year, and volumes to be comparable. We expect polyvinyl chloride prices for the fourth quarter to be slightly higher than last year and volumes to be about similar. We expect ethylene costs to be at least 30% higher than last year. As we previously discussed, tax rates are difficult to predict for the interim periods as they are based on projected total year income and taxes. Occidental's rate is sensitive to changes in oil and gas prices and foreign expensed exploration. Changes in oil prices have an inverse effect on income tax rates. Increasing oil prices increase the proportion of U.S. income which has lower income tax rates than our international operations. Occidental generally records no tax benefits on foreign expensed exploration until the project is completely abandoned. We expect fourth quarter foreign exploration expense, which is not currently tax deductible to be approximately $70 million. The worldwide tax rate before this exploration expense is expected to be approximately 45%. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the fourth quarter, including exploration expense, to increase to 46%. Our third quarter and nine months U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the Investor Relations Supplemental Schedule. Copies of the press release and the supplemental schedules are on our website. And now we are ready to take your questions.
Christopher G. Stavros - Investor Relations: Operator, please poll for the questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Michael LaMotte of J. P. Morgan.
Michael LaMotte - J. P. Morgan: Thank you good morning. Dr Irani I was hoping you could speak a little bit about activities in Libya. We have heard on several conference calls this earnings season that activity is starting out a little slower there, some equipment providers have even said that, there is too much equipment on the ground, but not enough rigs. So, I was wondering if perhaps you could talk about the constraints there whether its rig bottle necks or whether it's a just sort of more operator driven and NOC related.
Casey R. Olson - Executive Vice President, Eastern Hemisphere: This is Casey Olson, I think I will address that, if I might. I can only speak for Oxy. We are not really having any significant problems, there our explorations and production activities are going just fine. Other companies may or may not be having those same difficulties but we have rigs, our wells are going down well and the operations are going well.
Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Office: Maybe they are talking about slowness in commercial negotiation.
Michael LaMotte - J. P. Morgan: Yes, I think maybe that's the angle. Could you maybe elaborate on that?
Casey R. Olson - Executive Vice President, Eastern Hemisphere: Nothing, I mean basically Libya is a very attractive place. As I said in my remarks, we are in commercial negotiations for a number of opportunities. However, I mean they have rounds and rounds of exploration. Every company, around the universe interested in oil, wants to come and explore or develop or help repair refinery or build the gas pipeline or whatever. And so with all that activity, there is only limited number of resources available. NOC and certain negotiation by definition tend to be slower than people would like. We continue to proceed in our program and so we are in a commercial negotiation and we had some meetings recently. When those discussions would be completed it is difficult to predict.
Michael LaMotte - J. P. Morgan: That is helpful, I didn't thought about it from an NOC standpoint. On Bahrain quickly, perhaps timing on getting started on the exploration activity and timing on the EOR project.
Casey R. Olson - Executive Vice President, Eastern Hemisphere: We hope that you know all those activities. Of course we have won the exploration blocks and we are submitting. If we are submitting like today submitted a proposal to develop the onshore oil field and we hope to be getting started early in 2008.
Michael LaMotte - J. P. Morgan: Great.
Casey R. Olson - Executive Vice President, Eastern Hemisphere: If we are awarded a contract. We are competing with others of course. So, we have to wait, but we are optimistic.
Michael LaMotte - J. P. Morgan: But it could turn that quickly along Q '08?
Casey R. Olson - Executive Vice President, Eastern Hemisphere: Well, you never c an predict how long it takes for government entities to reach decisions. All you have to go to Washington and we forget that you know other countries have complex regimes and they have other priorities including defense and what's their big neighbors are going to do or not do. And so, but we were optimistic that we will have a good opportunity in Bahrain.
Michael LaMotte - J. P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Kessler of Simmons & Company.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Good morning gentlemen, I wanted to see, if you could provide an update on Argentina. We got another quarter where production ticked along in about 30,000 to 31,000 barrels a day, I know you started some equipment issues there in the past but can you provide an update as to what a negative rate might be for the year and then looking forward to 2008 maybe average production for the year there?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: Yes, We expect to exit over 40,000 a day. We have had some production problems and we think, we are on our way to fixing them. So, we expect to exit over 40,000 a day and into the mid 40s for next year rate.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: So, then one other question for me. On Dolphin, do you have an oil and gas split for 4Q and then expectations for next year there?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: Dolphin is in the process of building up. So, we just assume... we provided you with an earnings number for the fourth quarter and once we get some more stable production, we will give you better guidance. Right now, we are getting more condensate out of it, than we had initially anticipated. So, we want to see if that continues into next year. So, we are really reluctant to give a lot more detail, except to say what the earnings level would be in the fourth quarter.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: How is the realization on the condensate you are producing?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: Right, in the quarter it generally was right at rent.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Okay. Good, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bernie Picchi of Wall Street Access.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: Steve, could you give us some guidance on your CapEx for next year, kind of on an ongoing project basis and talk maybe about what kind of CapEx you might expect if some of these opportunities do pan out? What would be the sort of the base level of CapEx given the current configuration of operating activities for the company?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: The pace would be very similar to what we are running now. So, whether it's 3/4, 3/5 or 3/6 I can't tell you. But it's somewhere in that range but similar to what we are doing now.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: Even with the completion of Dolphin?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: Yes, Dolphin may take it to 3/4 or 3/3 but within my ability to estimate that's probably all I could do. Whether it's 3/3 or 3/4 or 3/5 or 3/6 I can't tell at this point. If we were to go ahead and say what will the other stuff add, I have to go to risk adjusted basis and with only four or five balls to risk adjust you probably get a weird answer, which might be mathematically correct, but inaccurate.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: And could you also...
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: Don't worry about the capital we...
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: No, no...
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: The cash flow is fine, we are not going to have to...
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: I know you got the dough.
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: But we would guess that it would be in the low fours.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: Right. And just to amplify your answer to the previous question about Argentina, could you or John talk a bit about what exactly is going on or what did go on in the third quarter because that...
Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Office: Election is going in Argentina and...
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: What does that have to do with production.
Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Office: Well there was a strike. I mean we can go on and go into all kind of details, a number of things. There was a strike which was not handled properly by government officials, that's been straightened out but we expect the elections to be over in November and we know who the winner is going to be. So, we believe firmly that production in Argentina in the fourth quarter will be in excess of 40,000 as Steve said and we still believe that we would achieve 70,000 barrels a day in a few years as we mentioned. Earlier -- we have said before we are behind schedule, but we believe we can catch up.
Bernie Picchi - Wall Street Access: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paval Molchanov of Raymond James.
Paval Molchanov - Raymond James: Hi, good afternoon. I know you've discussed your kind of opposition to MLP structures previously but with the proliferation of MLP's particularly in, with Permian assets, have you... maybe taken any step toward reassessing your view it.
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: No.
Paval Molchanov - Raymond James: Any other assets, that you think maybe midstream or otherwise that you would ever consider putting into an MLP?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: We own midstream assets to enhance the value of our production. We don't own them to just to own midstream assets. So, we wouldn't necessarily want an arms length relationship between our midstream assets and our production as a practical matter. That they make money for the asset, they don't make money as a regulated body. You can achieve the MLP result in theory, if you want to sell some properties, you can sell the properties to an extent MLP and you get 90% of the MLP value. Our core components would not be running a small E&P company which is what an MLP is.
Paval Molchanov - Raymond James: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate of Citi.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning gentlemen apologies, I was a little late, getting on the call so hopefully...
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: That was kind of [ph]...
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Not too fine, thanks. But hopefully these questions have been asked already. Steve I am afraid the order build out of your share buybacks and cash position. Can you just us bring us up-to-date, as to what you are thinking there because it looks like you are very closely growing that cash in this oil price environment?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: Our cash would be down sharply by the end of the year. So, we... between share buybacks and we bought the Anadarko properties as the quarter began so we will continue to buyback shares as we go. Where exactly we will wind up for the quarter, for year I don't know. But we bought obviously more shares in the third quarter than we did in the second and so we are... we bought... essentially we spent... since we started the program, we have done about 48 million shares at about 50 bucks a share, which is I think pretty good value add for the shareholders.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay, thanks. A couple of quick follow ups, the CapEx numbers you mentioned earlier on an ongoing basis, I think historically you said that, if you are successful with the projects here, you are looking out probably another $1 billion as about the appetite, is that number still good?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: It's still good unless we are widely successful.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay and I guess the last one then is on, I know that Dr. Irani had mentioned briefly Libya. But could you give us an update on where things stand in the UAE. My apologies again if that has already been discussed, I am thinking specifically about, where... I believe that the bids were due by October 17th and our understanding was there were only two parties basically involved including yourself, just give us an update it will be appreciated.
Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Office: I read your report Doug. Officially there are four finalists. But we believe we have a good proposal and as I said we are expecting decisions within the next few weeks.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay, I will leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amanda Golo [ph] of Bernstein.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. Can you provide some more color on the large step up and DD&A per barrel that you guys had this quarter?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: I think that's DD&A per barrel...
Unidentified Analyst: Is it Dolphin coming through or?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: Dolphin wouldn't increase the DD&A per barrel, because Dolphin DD&A is low. It could be that the part of the impairment would go through DD&A.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, some of the...
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: When we wrote-off, these were California properties. Part of that goes through DD&A rather than as an impairment line. That's probably what you are looking at.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is a follow up from Michael LaMotte of J. P. Morgan.
Michael LaMotte - J. P. Morgan: Thank you, I just wanted to, Steve maybe if I can ask you about the returns down the acquisition market particularly in your core Permian and California regions. As I think about the commercial opportunities and the capital commitments, that they might impose in terms of a call on cash, I guess two one... two questions. One, what are the returns and two, sort of what's your appetite size wise for deals in those space?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: We expect the returns to meet our, base total rate which is around 15% after tax. As far... and if they don't, they won't be done. Our appetite is I think very strong. So, I... in the two areas. So, California probably a little better because prices are a little less in California than they are in the Permian. Permian, it's hard to say, there hasn't been much on the market recently. So, I don't, it's hard to predict. But there is some activity in the Permian now and some in California. And we will take properties, that makes sense for us, pass by those that don't. But our current... our future cash needs for the right properties, we wouldn't have any issue with borrowing some money
Michael LaMotte - J. P. Morgan: Maybe a better way to ask the returns question is to say, is to ask if there has been changes in prices and values?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: It's hard to say right now. There hasn't been enough activity, we have only been in this... off the level here for a month or so. So, it's hard to say whether there is really going to be any change, I am sure the sellers will want more change
Michael LaMotte - J. P. Morgan: Thanks.
Operator: Our final question comes from Nicky Decker of Bear Sterns.
Nicole Decker - Bear Sterns: Good morning, I also joined the call late so I apologize if this has been talked about. I know that you have spoken in the past about possibility that some additional up stream projects will be announced by year-end. Is it still reasonable to expect that?
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: I said in my remarks, yes.
Nicole Decker - Bear Sterns: Okay. And did you comment on the status of at Abu Dhabi.
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: Yes, I did say that we are a finalist. And we expect a decision within the next few weeks.
Nicole Decker - Bear Sterns: My apologize... I apologize that you said that.
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: No problem.
Nicole Decker - Bear Sterns: Also we have been seeing some headlines on Ecuador, maybe you could comment on the progress on that case and how the timeline looks going forward.
Stephen I. Chazen - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President: As you know, we exited Ecuador a while back. Now it's in the hands of the lawyers. And as we have said on numerous occasion's with an arbitration we think, we have a very strong case and we expect to win the judgment and I don't know how long from now but sometime, within one to two years and then the question how do you collect. So, this is an IOU which is going to take a few years to come through.
Nicole Decker - Bear Sterns: How does it work Dr. Irani do you have... is there a trial date that get set and how has that date been set?
Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Office: Yes, I mean it's a normal process of arbitration like in a court. You know judges and lawyers take their time. So, what I am telling you, this is nothing that I count on to happen tomorrow, day after, or very soon. So, it's going to take us few years to collect actual money in my opinion for the appropriation that took place in Ecuador. That we are going to collect money, definitely. When? It's not in the next couple of years.
Nicole Decker - Bear Sterns: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: At this time there appear to be no further questions. I will turn the floor back to Chris Stravos for closing remarks.
Christopher G. Stavros - Investor Relations: Thank you everyone very much for joining us today. And if you have any further questions please don't hesitate to call us in New York. Thanks again.
Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Office: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-24 11:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Christopher G. Stavros - VP of IR   Dr. Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and CEO   Stephen I. Chazen - Senior EVP and CFO 
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Citigroup   Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities   John P. Herrlin - Merrill Lynch   Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs   Ron Oster - A.G. Edwards   Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank   Paval Molchanov - Raymond James 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Vanessa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would welcome everyone to the Occidental Petroleum Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remark there will be a question and answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. It's now my pleasure to turn the phone over to your host Mr. Christopher Stavros. Sir, you may begin you conference. 
Christopher G. Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you Vanessa and good morning everyone. I would like to welcome you to Occidental second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call from Los Angeles this morning are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Chairman, President, and CEO; Steve Chazen, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO; and John Morgan, President of Occidental Oil and Gas Western Hemisphere.  In a moment, I will turn over the call to Dr. Irani who will provide some comments on the Dolphin Project as well some opportunities in the Middle East region that we are looking at currently. Steve Chazen will then review in detail our second quarter and first half 2007 financial results to be followed by a question and answer session. Conference call presentation slides, which refer to Steve's remarks can be downloaded off of our website.  I will now turn the call over to Dr. Irani. Dr Irani please go ahead. 
Dr. Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Chris. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. As you know, we announced two weeks ago that the giant Dolphin Project was fully operational and is delivering natural gas from Dolphin wells in Qatar's North Field to customers in the United Arab Emirates. As one of the largest energy initiatives ever undertaken in the Middle East, this unique project will have a significant impact on the development of the region and we expect it to be a steady contributor to Oxy's financial performance over the next 25 years.  When this project was in its formative stages some 5, 6 years ago. From industry observers expressed doubt that it could be completed on time and on budget because of huge cost over run and lengthy construction delays typically incurred by other mega-energy projects. In the case of Dolphin, we are exceptionally pleased that it is on target to deliver the projected production of 2 billion cubic feet per day of gas with minimum variance in the project's budget and construction schedule. This is a remarkable achievement for a project of this size and scope.  Let me take a minute or two to give you an overview over the project to date. More than 20 wells were drilled to a depth of between 10,000 and 12,000 feet in the North Fields Khuff Zone, which is one of the world's largest natural gas reservoir. These wells produce not only natural gas but also associated natural gas liquids. The liquids are separated from the gas stream at Dolphin's newly completed 500-acre gas processing plant in Ras Laffan in Qatar. The dry gas is then transported through a 48-inch, 230 mile long subsea pipeline completed last year, to the Taweellah receiving facility in the United Arab Emirates. The gas then supplies plant in the UAE and in the near future, Oman.  Regional authorities are forecasting substantial additional growth in demand for natural gas, and Dolphin's gas grid is uniquely positioned to serve this expanding market.  We expect Dolphin gas production to ramp-up throughout the balance of this year and reach approximately 2 billion cubic feet per day by early next year. Ethane production from the project will be sold to Qatar under a long-term contract while the other liquids will be sold in international markets.  As a result of Oxy's 24.5% interest in Dolphin, we expect our net share of production to ramp up to an average of 60,000 to 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, and remain in that range for the foreseeable future.  Total cost of the Dolphin Project is expected to be approximately $4.8 billion including investments in the existing UAE eastern gas distribution system and related pipelines. Oxy's investment in the Dolphin Project is approximately $1.2 billion of which investments of $361 million were made last year and approximately $218 million are expected this year. We also expect the return on capital employed on Dolphin to be excellent, continuing at a very attractive level for the next 25 years.  Let me shift briefly to our ongoing efforts to add major new growth projects in the Middle East region. I alluded to some of those opportunities last quarter, and while it remains premature to discuss the individual status of those negotiations, I'm pleased to report that we have not encountered any unforeseen obstacles to hinder our efforts. Our discussions are proceeding as expected and I remain confident that formal announcements will be made prior to year-end.  Since our continuing involvement in the projects to develop natural gas reserves in Abu Dhabi has received considerable attention in the industry press, I will comment specifically on that opportunity. Oxy is honored to have been selected and is one of the finalists for these giant gas projects. As you know, they involve development of trillions of cubic feet of natural gas and associated liquids at the Shah and Bab fields, as well as multi-billion dollar capital investments. We look forward to the final decision on participation in these projects later in the year.  Finally, I would like to update you on our production outlook for this year. As you will hear shortly from Steve Chazen, our worldwide oil and gas production for the first six months averaged 587,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Following our various asset trades and acquisitions in 2007, together with the ramp-up of the Dolphin Project, we expect the net effect to result in a 2007 year-end exit rate in the range of 630,000 to 650,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.  With our focus on the continued strengthening of our core areas in an environment of robust energy prices, we expect 2007 to be another excellent year for Oxy.  I'll now turn the call over to Steve Chazen. 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Ray. Net income for the quarter was $1.412 billion, or $1.68 per diluted share compared to $860 million or $0.99 per diluted share in the second quarter of last year. 2007 second quarter net income includes $419 million of after-tax gains, $0.50 per diluted share and the sale of non-core assets comprised of the following: $181 million from the sale of 18.6 million shares of our investment in Lyondell, the remaining 2.4 million shares were sold in early July; a $116 million gain from the sale of Pakistan assets, a gain of a $107 million from the swap of Horn Mountain assets with BP and $15 million gain from the sale of domestic mineral interest.  At the second quarter, we sold Pakistan and exchanged the Gulf of Mexico, Horn Mountain assets with BP for producing properties in the Permian Basin and oil pipelines. Results these operations will be reported as discontinued operations in our second quarter 10-Q filing with the SEC.The second quarter 2007 also includes $44 million after-tax income, $0.06 a share from Pakistan and Horn Mountain operations and other.  Here's the segment breakdown for the second quarter. Oil and gas second quarter 2007 results, excluding Horn Mountain and Pakistan operations were $1.682 billion. After excluding these gain from the sale of domestic mineral interests, the second quarter 2007 results were $1.656 billion, compared to $1.857 billion for the second quarter of last year. 
The following accounted for the decline in oil and gas earnings between these quarters: Lower worldwide oil price realizations offset by higher gas realizations resulted in a decrease of $66 million of earnings over the same period last year. The average price of West Texas Intermediate oil for the second quarter 2007 was $65.05 per barrel which was $5.65 per barrel lower than the last year's $70.70.  Occidental's average realized price for the 2007 second quarter was $2.55 lower than in the comparable period last year. The differentials in the second quarter narrowed mainly in the Middle East and domestically at Elk Hills. The NYMEX gas price for the quarter was $7.56, compared to $7.26 for the second quarter of 2006. Oxy's domestic realized price for the quarter was $7.07, up from $6.23 for the second quarter of last year.  Worldwide oil and gas production for the quarter averaged 583,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, compared to 609,000 in the second quarter of last year. The second quarter production excluding volumes from the Russian non-operated asset sale in January, the Horn Mountain swap and the Pakistan sale in June was 558,000 in the second quarter 2007, compared to 551,000 in the same basis for the last year.  Our guidance for the second quarter was in the range of 585,000 to 600,000 barrels a day. We were slightly under this range due to the impact of product prices that reduced our volumes for production sharing contracts in the Middle East by approximately 3,000 barrels a day. In this product price range for the current quarter, each dollar per barrel change in the price of oil impacts production by 600 barrels a day. We also had some weather related downtime in the Permian and processing plant maintenance in Libya during the quarter.  Exploration expense of $93 million in the quarter was lower than our previous guidance of $110 million. The second quarter of 2007 expense was $43 million higher than the second quarter of last year, the increase coming from the Middle East and North Africa.  Oil and gas production costs for the first half of 2007 were $12.30 a barrel compared to last year's $11.70. The increases were a result of higher field operating and maintenance expenses.  Chemical segment earnings for the second quarter of 2007 of $158 million was in line with our first quarter conference call guidance. Chemicals earned $251 million in last year's second quarter. The primary factor that accounted for the quarter-to-quarter difference was lower chloro-vinyl margins due to lower demand.  Net interest expense, excluding debt retirement charges, was a net $1 million during the second quarter of 2007, compared to $33 million expense last year. The worldwide effective tax rate, excluding the impact of asset sales and other significant items, was 46% for the second quarter of 2007, 3 percentage points lower than our guidance. The lower rate reflects a change in the mix with more income coming from U.S. sources and higher taxed foreign sources, especially the lower exploration expenses outside the United States.  Now, let me briefly turn to Oxy's performance during the first 6 months. Net income was $2.624 billion or $3.11 per diluted share for the first 6 months, compared with $2.091 billion or $242 per diluted share for the same period last year. In addition to the asset sales recorded in the second quarter, the 6 months of 2007 also includes income of $387 million net of tax for the following: $412 million gain from the sale of our Russian investment, $112 million gain form litigation settlements, $107 million charge for cash tender offers for various debt issues and a $30 million provision for a plant closure.  Worldwide oil and gas production for six months averaged 587,000 barrels a day, compared to 601,000 for the six months of last year after excluding Russia, Pakistan and Horn Mountain 559,000 barrels for first six months of 2007 was a 3% increase over the 542,000 barrel a days for the same period last year.  Capital spending was $850 million for the quarter and $1.63 billion for the first six months. We expect total capital spending for the year to be in the range of $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion.  Cash flow from operations for the six months was approximately $2.9 billion. We have received total proceeds of $485 million from sale of our interest in the Russian joint venture, $55 million from the sale of domestic mineral ventures and $600 million from the sale of our 19 million shares of Lyondell. We used $1.6 billion of the company's cash flow to fund capital expenditures, $500 million for acquisitions, $1.1 billion to repurchase debt and $370 million to pay dividends. In addition, we spent $550 million to repurchase $11.2 million common shares at an average price of $49.84 per share. These net outlays reduced our $1.6 billion cash balance at the end of last year by $100 million to $1.5 billion at June 30. Debt was $2 billion at the end of June, with non-current debt of $1.7 billion.  The weighted average basic shares outstanding for the six months were $839.3 million and the weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $843.2 million. At June 30, there were $835.1 million basic shares outstanding and the fully diluted share amount was approximately $839 million. Our debt to capitalization ratio was 9% down from 13% at the end of last year. Over the first half of the year, Occidentals' annual return on equity was 26% and our annualized return on capital employed was 24%.  As we look ahead in the current quarter, we expect oil and gas production to be in the range of 585,000 to 590,000 BOE a day during the quarter. The increase includes 17,000 BOE a day from Dolphin, 7,000 BOE a day from the Permian assets acquired in the BP swap and 4,000 BOE a day for the announced acquisition of Qatar assets from Anadarko. These increases will be partially offset by the sale of Pakistan and the swap of Horn Mountain which reduced third quarter production by 25,000 barrels a day compared to the second quarter.  Dolphin is expected to contribute $10 million to pre-tax income, during the third quarter start up. Third quarter income reflects lower start up gas sales and pipeline tariff volumes. We're not anticipating liftings of NGLs initial inventories build up. Additionally, the third quarter will have start up expenses and full operating costs including interest on the pipeline operations, which is capitalized during construction. Income will increase sharply as production ramps up to capacity.  We expect oil and gas production year-end exit rate to be in the range of 630,000 to 650,000 barrels a day. This increase includes 47,000 to 65,000 BOE a day from Dolphin, 7,000 BOE from the Permian assets acquired in the BP swap and 6,000 BOE a day from the announced acquisition of Qatar assets from Anadarko.  With regard to prices of dollar per barrel change in oil prices impacts oil and gas quarterly earnings by about $40 million before income taxes. A swing of $0.50 per million BTU in gas prices has a $24 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes. The NYMEX gas prices for the second quarter was $7.56 per thousand cubic feet.  Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $95 million for seismic and drilling for our Libyan, South American exploration programs. We expect chemical segment our earnings to be in the range of $160 million to $175 million, compared to $158 million in the second quarter. We expect interest expense to be about $12 million in the third quarter. The increase in the second quarter reflects the loss of capitalized interest in the Dolphin Project.  We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the third quarter increased about 47% due to increases in foreign exploration. Our second quarter and six month U.S. and foreign tax rates are included in the Investor Relations Supplemental Schedule. Copies of the press release announcing our second quarter results and the Investor Relation Supplemental Schedules are available on our website www.oxy.com or through the SEC's EDGAR system.  We are now ready to take your questions. 
Question And Answer:
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first is question coming from Doug Leggate from Citigroup. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Thanks. Good morning Steve. You got one out there. Couple of things Steve real quick, Dolphin coming on stream if we take your reserve entitlement that you talked about I think it is roughly 200 million barrels equivalent on the CapEx share of $4 DD&A is that... should we expect the depreciation... unit depreciation for the stock to slide back over the balance of this year or next? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The almost... the pipeline part of the capital won't be depreciated at the same rate as the reserves we depreciated a much lower rate because the pipeline goes on really for 30 years. So, the depreciation will be somewhat lower than you have been indicating. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. Either way it was... the unit rates are going to start to come down a bit to the weaker level. 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah for sure. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: I don't know if you have this... Dr. Irani, Ray can we get some I guess some more optimistic noises on the... for new projects in the Middle East but could I maybe approach that issue slightly differently you talked about $3.4 billion of CapEx this year, what should we be thinking about in the event ex the Emirates Gas projects, in other words I will just add the Bab and Shah what should we be thinking about as a reasonable kind of level of capital expenditure, should you succeed in the projects that you're pursuing outside of the Emirates? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Somewhere in... a little over $4 billion I would guess. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Is an annualized run rate? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. We probably won't make that next year. We have to probably ramp up in the next year, so if you looked at the run rate a year from now it probably going to be in that range. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Well I guess the final one than is it, if we used our ... 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Remembering the high steps down some in Dolphin is done so there is more if you want to call it other growth in that number you might guess. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: So you probably guess that I am going next one and is really a final one from me is well clearly but practically zero net debt or very close to zero net debt and that kind of CapEx run rate still leaves you with enough lot of headroom for buyback side guidance there, Steve? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah it does leave a lot of room and we continue to focus as we... I think Ray said in the release on the dividends the share buybacks are important part of our strategy for improving returns to shareholders. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: All right. I will leave it there and thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Robert Morris from Banc of America. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Good morning. 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good Morning. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Couple of quick questions, Steve. On the last quarter you mentioned that oil field service cost seem to be planning out and indicated that it will probably about flat for the year. But it looks like here in the second quarter that they are continuing to increase. Can you just shed a little bit of light on that? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think fair amount of that's in Argentina where we had some real... not with the well but with the production equipment. The production equipment there was sort of rusty. So, we are going to replace some of it. So, it's been a fair amount of expense money spent in Argentina trying to get the equipment in a shape that's meets our standard. So, I think that is probably a lot of the growth. There has been some growth but other than that, not much. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Now, is that work behind you or is that going to continue for the second half of the year? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think it will continue. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Second quick question, maybe... I know you have got a big expiration slide last time the onshore wells weren't material enough to discuss but I know you had potentially significant at least the first of three offshore wells that should have been entity by now. Can you tell us the results of that? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The two offshore wells are dry. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Okay. 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Now, they shed some mildest gas shows, but not with... you need a fair size of discovery there to make it worthwhile. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then just last quick question, hedging, you guys have been active in putting on some commodity price hedging given the level that we have seen here recently? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: No additional hedges? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hello. 
Christopher G. Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations:
Operator.:
Dr. Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Chris? 
Christopher G. Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations: Yes, I am here. 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah,operator there? 
Christopher G. Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations: Operator? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hello, Chris? 
Christopher G. Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations: Yes, Steve. 
Operator: I am sorry. Next question is coming from John Herrlin. 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. 
John P. Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Yeah, hi. 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi John. 
John P. Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Fair calculations you have a $1.5 billion that's $2 billion in free cash in the second half. You already said that you had addressed returning cash to the shareholders, what about on the acquisitions Steve? What are you seeing in terms of properties? Are you seeing anything and if you have a choice would you take some of the free cash and do more bolt-ons or larger sized acquisitions or prefer buybacks? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, this depends I guess. We see more small bolt-on especially in California and so we would expect... California looks pretty good right now. No, we don't plan any large scale acquisitions if that's the question. The $6 gas hasn't really changed the expectations much. So, and if... as we generate more cash, we'll repurchase more shares. 
John P. Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's it for me. Thanks. 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, John. 
Operator: Your next question is from Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. I think you answered the Libya offshore exploration question and any other meaningful exploration wells we should be thinking about for the remainder of this year? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Libya continues, we are drilling a fair number wells in Libya, so --. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Primarily onshore Steve? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, well there is two more offshore ones. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Okay. 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: One that's drilling and one after that. So, that program will, we'll know where we are at the end of the year or sooner. Now onshore ones, there is a fair number of probably smaller impact but still decent size opportunities in Libya. So, Libya out of comment for the... you will hear results from Libya every quarter for rest of this year. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's great. With a year ago or maybe even two years ago you and BP had a press release about using Tier 2 from I think Carson to flat Elk Hill, any update on the status of that project? 
Dr. Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we continue to work on that and as a matter of fact I had a telephone discussion with the new CEO, where he expressed their continued interest and I confirmed our continued interest. As you know Arjun, this is a longer term project and normal but both companies are still interested in pursuing that program. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's what I think. Thank you Dr. Irani. 
Operator: : Thank you. Your next question is coming from Ron Oster. 
Ron Oster - A.G. Edwards: On the gross initiatives and the progress in Argentina and Oman and then secondly if you could is there can you quantify the start up expenses you expect to be included in the third quarter for Dolphin? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I didn't hear the first question. 
Dr. Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me try that Steve. First question about the growth opportunities with Argentina and Oman, Argentina as Steve indicated some of the equipments we got with the Vintage acquisition were less in good shape than we would like. So, we spent effort to get them back in July and we expect to ramp up the production to start being very meaningful. So, we expect by the end of the year to be telling you at least production numbers in Argentina and more than they used to come.  With regards to Oman, the Mukhaizna Project is moving along on schedule and we do expect that we would exit the year in Mukhaizna at a production level gross in the 30,000 to 35,000 barrels a day. You may recall when we took this project over it was producing 8,500 barrels a day. So that's progressed. In addition, we continue to look at other opportunities in Oman and we are opportunistic about future programs there. With regards to cost, Steve do you want to handle that? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. The $10 million net is net of all the cost, if that's your question. 
Ron Oster - A.G. Edwards: 10 million net will be included in the third quarter? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right. But that's net of all the cost. So its income will be whatever in the cost, we will take it down to about $10 million. 
Ron Oster - A.G. Edwards: Okay. Thank you. 
Dr. Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: But as Steve said the profits will be moving up sharply in quarters to come as we go past the start up dates. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Can you hear me? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Good. Just thinking about your long-term growth outlook, a question for Dr. Irani. The call back at the '06 Analyst Meeting, you had a range of 2010 of 700,000 to 785,000 barrels a day of production with a stretched target, you said at the time of million barrels a day. Obviously it's been moving part from the sides of that. Could you give us some thoughts about how realistic for example that million barrels a day stretched target is now with what happened over the prior --? 
Dr. Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think it's unrealistic. Since we talked, we have changed our portfolio but the number of opportunities we see available to us is grown since we gave you that target. So, with more projects in the pipeline, it's probably more realistic than them. However time will tell. With regards to the production targets, we think those are very realistic. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: But essentially you are sticking with the range of 700 to 785 that you have that even with the 50,000 or so thousand of disposals that you have made? 
Dr. Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct. 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Disposals were in the table remember? 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Okay, I was just kind of resetting it if you want? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Feel free. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Specifically on Argentina, how much growth you are expecting to see this year and next from those assets? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Probably next year we'll be in the 50,000 barrel a day area. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And going back to the same as buyback question, you've spoken and talked about wanting to having to maintain a stronger balance sheet, given that you want to compete in the Middle East with much bigger companies, what would be your debt-to-cap? Would you take that to up somewhat in order to help us with buyback as well or what you are thinking there? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We don't think debt as debt-to-cap is more as much as debt per barrel. Since historic cost in that were meaningfulness in this. So, a debt of $1 to $2 a barrel is probably a decent range per reserves. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And just on the way of trading the buyback, I guess you'll kind of step... it's a notably low number for the quarter but that doesn't mean that you are not going to step in if we continue to see weakness the kind of we think today? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: As I think, I have told you, we buy on down days and it became buy to day unfortunately, but we buy on down days and last quarter there was significantly more up days and down days in the first quarter were significantly more down days and up days. So probably accounts for bulk of a change you see. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I have got. And then very finally from me, the $4 billion that you are talking about the CapEx going forward, what's the range on that if you want to minus the potential for that's coming as a 5 or do you think that's the level that you would stretched by? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think we would be frightened to death that's why. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Right. I have got you. Thanks gentlemen. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paval Molchanov from Raymond James. 
Paval Molchanov - Raymond James: Hi. Good morning. Could you clarify one thing regarding Dolphin, you mentioned two Bcf a day gross number for year-end and yet 47 to 65 net range implies a gross number of more like 1.5 piece a day. Just if you can reconcile those two? 
Dr. Ray R. Irani - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No the two Bcf is there. I think the range really depends on oil prices frankly more than anything else. 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's a production sharing contract overlays this with the government at Qatar. And so that's what counts for your difference. 
Paval Molchanov - Raymond James: So, the 24.5% that's the working interest but that may not be net revenue is that right? 
Stephen I. Chazen - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's right. 
Paval Molchanov - Raymond James: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Robert Morris from Banc of America. 
Robert Morris - Banc of America Securities: I already asked my question. Thanks. 
Operator: I do apologize for the previous technical difficulty. It has now been corrected. [Operators instructions]. There appears to be no further questions at this time. I will now like to turn the floor back to Mr. Christopher Stavros for any closing comments. 
Christopher G. Stavros - Vice President of Investor Relations: Well, thank you very much everyone for joining us this morning and have a good rest of the day. We are available in New York, should you have any further questions. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
